0,I loved the Steve Canyon show when I was a kid back in the pleistocene so seeing Amazon offering the "Steve Canyon Special Edition DVD," I jumped at it.  I had problems with the DVD and contacted Amazon.  They sent me a new copy.  Same problem, so they refunded my money.  I contacted the maker at [...] about the problem.  The gentleman who heads the "Steve Canyon" TV project was good enough to send me a new copy; same problem.  In an e-mail this morning (I read it at oh-dark-thirty), he suggested I try it in a computer; I had never thought of this.  I popped the DVD into my daughter's HP desktop and there was beauty!		The folks at Amazon.com and the Milton Caniff Estate are very kind to idiots (even those vaguely bright enough to keep their fingers from between the rocks when they hit them together).		Next week, I'm buying a laptop from Amazon (the explosion and column of smoke from this direction will just be me getting used to the new technology) and will be buying the "Steve Canyon" volumes when they're released.		Amazon.com's service is wonderful!
0,We were as fascinated with this episode of the story as by the preceding. Intelligent plot, story twists, wonderful acting. Quite a series.
0,I liked it, it was something different.
0,I love the buddies movies	Then again it all started with the original "Air Bud" - and still get teary eyed thinking "bud" isn't with us	The movies are cute, sweet and this aunt of 2 is not ashamed to enjoy some of the stuff her nieces do	The costumes, the trainers do such a good job with these dogs		I love the franchise	Thanks disney
0,I enjoyed seeing this movie for the third time....will watch again and again....
0,Great old movie, I watched these has a kid, loved it,
0,very entertaining
0,Wonderful film, a bit shallow at times but overall good watch. And Radiohead at the end, awesome.
0,alright
0,Whew! what a fantastic workout by Leslie! Another great one! Mile 1 and 3 sneak up on you in terms of working harder than you realized. The hand weights bump it up to be a great muscle/strength training workout. Mary Kay's 2nd mile is fast paced and fun!	On the "down side", if there is one. There are a few spots where the music doesn't cue up very fast so you have a short time of walking without music. It's not a big deal and doesn't affect your workout but doesn't seem as smooth as most of Leslie's workouts. The great workout more than offsets that minor thing!		This is a good workout for several levels of fitness. You can always ramp it up by putting more into it, but starts out slow enough that a beginner wouldn't be overwhelmed. 2 (sweaty) thumbs up!
0,Thanks
0,Always like Daniel Craig in anything he does.  The movie was an historical film about real people doing heroic acts.
0,If you like movies that keep you guessing, this one is great.	The actors are all first rate, and the costumes are superb.	This one is a keeper.
0,the original classic very good acting and very likeable fantasy story
0,great flicks
0,Love it, love it, love it... fast shipping, thanks!
0,As usual Downton Abbey does not fail to impress. This season again was outstanding-  with a few surprise twists. Very worth the purchase.
0,Super duper freaky. Damn I accidentally punched my girlfriend I was so jumpy
0,The continuation of part 1. a must have for any fan of anime or really anyone who loves a great story line with plot twists, back stabbing and various levels of loss.
0,Brings back memories of a '70's show..
0,Sweet movie... a period piece... and enjoyable.. if you're looking for something deep and wrenching, this isn't it... if you'd like a nice evening before the TV screen, I recommend it....
0,I loved it.  Megan Fox is a very good fit in TMNT, better than her role in TRANSFORMERS.
0,I don't need to say much but both 1 and 2 had it all, sex, blood, gore, death and most importantly a psychotic villain with a twisted mind. Mrs. Voorhees and jason started it all and please note that the sequel was better because it first introduced Jason as the villian. Crazy death scenes, suspense and screams galore.
0,Batman: Season 1 is a very different animal from the 2 seasons that followed it. With the highest budget of all 3 seasons, Batman: Season 1 also had the very best writing, attention to detail, stylish cinematography, moody lighting in some episodes, minimal camp, and flat out sense of danger that is downright chilling in some episodes. Who can forget in particular Frank Gorshin as the Riddler in the episode "A Riddle a Day Keeps The Riddler Away?" The Riddler's blood curdling laugh near the cliffhanger as Batman and Robin are spinning to death strapped to those wheels is unsettling to say the least. This episode in particular gives the strongest indication yet that you as the viewer, have stumbled upon an alternate credible reality of comic book mahem come to life where Batman and Robin are up against arch villains (the Riddler in particular) who are all truly insane. Multiple bravos to this episode as well for its dark lighting and spooky cinematography sometimes with the face of the unhinged Riddler filling the television screen. Of course, special praise to the late Frank Gorshin as well for his truly disturbing and unsettling performance as a mad man in this episode. He really threw himself into this episode in particular and just gave it everything he had as a professional actor. Bravo!!		The "Purr-fect Crime" had its chilling moments as well. In this first appearance of the Catwoman (Julie Newmar), we the viewers sense that Catwoman has a beginning attraction to Batman, yet she would sick a dangerous tiger on Batman at a moment's notice, mine a dirt road with explosives, and have spiked walls close in on the Dynamic Duo. The spikes ultimately were made out of rubber, but still. This episode is also neat in that we see the Batmobile is definitely a nuclear powered vehicle, requiring a repowering of some sort with Alfred and Robin doing the chore. This changed in seasons two and three in that references were made to the Batmobile needing a quart of oil and regular fuel.		My third favorite episode in this first season is the Bookworm episode with Roddy McDowell. The late Roddy McDowell deserves special mention for his performance in this episode as well. He suddenly starts yelling and going off his rocker here and there in this episode, and I also like how he slowly and methodically adjusts the light on his hat.		Season 1 of Batman in particular leans in the direction of the manic danger of the Tim Burton Batman films in some instances. The cast and crew went to great lengths in this inaugural season to ground Batman and Robin in a credible and insane alternate reality more nightmarish than the mid 1960s Batman comic books of the time. Yes, Batman runs around in broad daylight in this version of the superhero, but despite that this first season has just the right amount of straight drama, moody atmospherics, traces of camp here and there, unsettling danger, and Batman and Robin really thinking their way through the problems these insane villains create for them. You get the impression that no matter how insane these villains are, Batman and Robin are accustomed to dealing with them, and know how to deal with them without letting the insanity get to them. The Dynamic Duo are seasoned veterans.
0,Some dics do look like new but just to let you know some have a lot of finger prints on them and scuff marks too they still play though which is good also have straches on them some have a lot on them.
0,Fast shipping great product
0,Classic movie, lots of fun.
0,I like this series. The character is good and plots complex. I have not seen original Swedish, but this is solid production. It may seem to move slow at times, but it adds character and underscores the bleak/beautiful aspects of production.
0,I have to admit that I was not looking forward to seeing some of the more serious and socially conscience episodes of the Golden Girls during the fifth season, considering the fact that I did not watch them in syndication. Fortunately I bought the dvd set and realized how great those episodes were, like the 2-part episode Sick and Tired. It had a whole new meaning to me after learning it was based on the show's creater and writer Susan Harris. Clinton Avenue memories made me a little teary eyed, considering Estelle Harris ended up suffering a similiar fate. I suppose the show needed to reflect the times and they did it with such grace and humor!!!		I especially enjoyed Dancing in the Dark episode because all the Gals got all dolled up and went to this classy nightclub. It made me wonder if places like that really exist for older people that still like to hang out and go dancing! Perhaps they'll be around when I become a Golden Girl, but in the meantime I'll continue to enjoy Dorothy, Blanche, Rose, and Sophia on dvd!!!
0,An oldie but goodie one and two are an awesome set of movies that are great to watch the action and comedy together make a great movie
0,Still one of my favorite TV series.  I thought it would be dead after season 5, but they keep producing a great show. Its hard to believe they're not actually brothers.
0,so good
0,The main idea of this Brazilian movie (with subtitles), reminded me of a superb book called "The Carnivorous Lamb", by Augustin Gomez-Arcos, the Spanish writer who wrote in French in the 70 & 80s, where the younger brother had an infatuation over his older brother from the day he was born! While the film uses the same idea of a love affair between two brothers, the book had a much more surreal and supernatural setting for the incest, making it more convincing and plausible. The beginning of the movie focuses too much, with no apparent reason, on the childhood of the two brothers, taking almost  of the time. There is practically no plot: after we discover that the handsome two brothers are now lovers, with some beautiful and erotic scenes, we are told that the younger (a champion swimmer), will leave, alone, for Moscow for 3 years to follow rigorous training.  Expected (almost clich), scenes of longing, suffering, exchange of affectionate words over the internet, etc., follow. The older brother tries to find solace in a disco, with an eye on the handsome DJ, but surprisingly, illogically, and unconvincingly, he ends up on a couch with a woman!!! Fortunately, nothing happens and the woman leaves!		The two actors are very charming and natural. Their affection looks genuine and unpretentious, which they exchange over many nicely shot scenes.  However, there are many details which are week, illogical, or at least unconvincing:	- The father dies (why?), and the mother remarries another man who is charming, loving, and understanding (why couldn't this be the father?). Then the mother dies, and the stepfather leaves the family house to the two brothers! (why?)	- The house is beautiful and big, with a swimming pool, etc. Since none of the brothers seem to have a regular job, how did they afford the big house??	- At one point, the older brother says he is too busy, and when asked doing what? He answers: "Partying"!! If so, why didn't he leave with his brother/lover to Moscow??	Having read some raving reviews of the movie, my expectations were high, and therefore I was a bit disappointed, especially that it could have been a much better movie if more attention had been given to the story and its content.
0,good
0,While I absolutely agree that this movie is well done, with great actors (even the unknowns) and beautiful, breath-taking scenery, it also has a good environmental message within it: when you do not take care of the Earth and preserve its natural beauty, you will end up losing everything.  All seriousness aside, it is also hilarious, especially Seamus the Leprechaun.  If you love magical fairytales, then you will definitely love this one!
0,Great UFC card line up. Overall enjoyed it.
0,I bought this movie when it first came out on VHS. I have watched it many times over the years. It inspired my own 3.5 week journey to Peru in 2005. I was eager to watch it again, so I ordered a copy DVD on Ebay. Only part one of the movie was on the dvd. I was not happy about that. I dug out my old VHS player to watch my copy of it. The prices they are asking for a vhs copy reeks of GREED here on Amazon
0,Thank you ! I love this movie,especially the beginning, is a wonderful film O ;) really awesome one of my favorites!
0,A romantic Comedy/Drama with a couple of families where more than one family member has mental health issues.  Enjoyable movie, solid 8/10. There is tons of understated very smart humor in this movie.  I think casting two of the top ten most beautiful people in Hollywood both with mental issues was a mistake, it's hard to buy what they are selling.  He is harassed into friendship by this smoking hot girl played by Lawrence, as Pat (Bradley) pines for his old fuddy duddy wife who cheated on him and continues to live with the man she cheated on Pat with, as Pat tries to make amends with his wife.  As Pat is continually bothered by smoking hot Lawrence, and he continues to push her away.  Enjoyable good movie, but again hard to buy what they were selling.		 I thought Bradley was excellent in this movie, as were his parents who were well cast. Jennifer did just OK but wow is she hot, she was inconsistant.  Recomended.  I have yet to see Argo, but I'm assuming Argo is more oscar worthy.
0,Peckinpah is in a class all his own.  His movies are classics of the genre and we recommend them to fans of Western, suspense.
0,Item received, great addition to my collection.
0,good all over again
0,Groovy!!!!!  Very FAST!!!!!  AAAAA+++++!!!!!!!!!
0,Not hilarious but definitely a funny entertaining movie about an unlikely pair's road trip across the country. Robert Downey Jr. was good as always and brought laugh out loud moments on several occasions. Zach Galifianakis played his normal part (the goofy, idiotic, weirdo) without being really memorable. The French Bulldog was by far my favorite character and was adorable throughout. This movie isn't going to blow you away but it's definitely enjoyable.
0,Gabriel's Bakersfield performance is what made me a big fan of this incredibly underrated comic.  I tend to gravitate towards Latino stand-up comics, and it's difficult to escape the gravitational pull of someone so fluffy.		Gabriel has really fresh material, his sense of timing is great, and the man simply has tremendous stage presence.  With the exception of Pablo Francisco, Gabriel is also one of the only Latin comics that brings great impressions and voices to his performance.		I'm personally okay with swearing during a comedian's performance, but Gabriel coincidentally keeps his material fairly PG.  So if your kids are a bit too young for the likes of George Lopez or Juan Villarreal, this DVD would make for safe family movie night.		If you enjoy laughing out loud, treat yourself to this DVD.
0,one of tim's best
0,I saw the first episode online and just had to get the entire series from here. It is great. It lasts 6 episodes, and it does a whole lot with it. I will definitely re-watch this.
0,This movie is just as good as I remember it being when it came out back in the day. It doesn't hold up to today's standards but that isn't necessarily a bad thing
0,This movie is as good as I remember I am impressed with the dvd itself and it's just like the original when I was a kid
0,ODIE BUT GOODIE
0,Great show
0,Seeing this crop up on a few 'years best' horror lists, I decided to give it a try. It was WAY better than I expected. My husband and I both loved it. The metaphysical aspects of the story (philosopher's stone, alchemy, esoteric occult philosophy) was integrated in a deep way into the structure of the film and of the fabric of the Paris underground. It was much more intelligent than most horror films ever try to be. Whereas so many horror films fail when they reveal the monster at the end, this film exceeds expectation. The last quarter of the underground were genuinely original and terrifying and the ending was perfection. There were several spots where I jumped/screamed, which is unusual for me since I've seen so many horror films. But beyond the solid execution and genuine thrills, I really love this film for the interesting integration of real occult philosophy. If you like Dan Brown metaphysical thrillers, you'll like this. This one goes on my all time favorites list!
0,I received Rod Serling's "Twilight Zone", season 4, last week.  I must say that I was absolutely thrilled and delighted when upon opening the mailbox and finding it there.  More thrilling and fun was to watch my favorite episode, "He's Alive".  In this particular episode, there are frightening parallels to what is taking place today.  My other favorite episodes include "No Time Like The Past" and "The New Exhibit".  I have ordered season 1 on blu ray and most definitely will purchase the other 3.  Thank you Amazon.
0,Love
0,This is what all good movies should be -- direct and to the point, with crisp dialogue.  The script by Lillie Hayward is perfect for the genre -- blunt, rugged, and moves right along.  Richard Fleischer's direction is excellent, in the same vein as his work on another excellent film, "The Narrow Margin."  Okay, the chief detective's hostility toward the woman magazine reporter is a bit overdone, especially given how attractive she is.  But everyone's on the trail of The Judge, a psycho who always strikes when it is raining.  A gem of the noir crime detection genre.
0,Included is a short interview with Spielberg wondering why this Blu-ray reissue looks and sounds as good as it is. He says that the original negatives that the restoration team scanned were in bad condition. Spielberg goes so far to say that audiences watching the Blu-ray version are experiencing better picture and sound quality than theatre audiences back in 1976. For the most part, he's right.		The biggest improvements come in the famous night scenes on the beach that open the movie. Darks are richer and darker rather than fuzzy and hazy. Shots of the ocean after the shark attack on the swimmer are silvery and rich. The many ripples in the ocean are sharp. You can tell DP Butler and Spielberg put lots of work into these opening shots which was not apparent in the DVD version.		This movie is such a legend that I can't say much more about it. If it's over-rated, it's over-rated only by a little bit. It suffers from its final 30 minutes, which feature many improbabilities all crowned by an unlikely (but satisfying) climax. "Smile you son of a b---." It's always a great moment,  but really now...		John Williams' famous score--comprehending everything from The Rite Of Spring to La Mer and Baroque fugues--sounds about the same as the DVD, only louder and more immediate. Sound effects are more immediate as well, especially during the last half hour.		This movie is one of the few older classics that has appeared on the CNet list of Top 40 Blu-rays for over a year, competing with all those superhero movies and Pixar cartoon movies. It really is one of those classics that you can't go wrong with, even if it may not be your favorite movie.
0,Super fast delivery! Haven't had a chance to watch them yet, but an excellent vendor.  Will definitely use again if there is something else to purchase.
0,Happy
0,terrifying slasher film. the scariest and most intelligent of the genre. the voice of that maniac over the phone crawls under your skin. careful about reading too much info from reviews and other sources about this movie. the plot can easily be ruined. now available in a new special edition release! time to upgrade.
0,James Brooks' "Spanglish" features Adam Sandler, but this is NOT "Happy Gilmore".		I am reading many negative reviews here and I have to say the Mrs. and I didn't think it was that bad.  James Brooks has made some witty dramedies in the past, and Spanglish isn't going to make anyone forget "Terms of Endearment" or "As Good As It Gets", but it's not bad.		Paz Vega stars as Flor, a Mexican immigrant who is in almost every scene yet speaks hardly any English.  Flor's husband has inexplicably left Flor and their young daughter, Cristina.  Cristina is portrayed as a 12 year old by the wonderful Shelbie Bruce.  She is not only an accomplished young actress, but most of her scenes are bilingual as she acts as interpreter between Flor and the Clasky family.		Flor comes to America and is hired as a domestic for John and Deborah Clasky.  Sandler portrays John, who has opened a little restaurant after moving from New York and is declared by the New York Times the Greatest Chef in America.  Not much is made of his Cheffing - he could have as easily been Greatest Dog-Catcher, Salesman, etc.  Deborah is portrayed by Tea Leoni, and Deborah has issues.  I've read many reviews that suggest that her performance is a little "out there". Roger Ebert wrote "Deborah doesn't just go over the top, she waves goodbye as she disappears into cuckoo-land."		In my professional dealings I unfortunately encounter Deborah's kind frequently.  Deborah was a high-powered type A executive until she was downsized, and now she's all type A and no outlet.  Her family - in fact everyone in contact with her - suffers for it.		Cloris Leachman has a wonderful role as Deborah's mother, an alcoholic who was once a notable jazz singer.  She loves Deborah when pretty much no one else can, and she insightfully tells us at the end of the movie that she hasn't had a drink in weeks, and no one noticed, which must mean that she was a pretty well-functioning drunk.		The Clasky's have a little girl about the same age as Flor's Cristina, and Sarah Steele's performance as Bernice is as good as Shelbie Bruce's Cristina - just without the bilingual dialogue.  Bernice is a smart, cheerful pre-teen with a little weight problem, and Deborah does and says all the things that dent Bernice's self-esteem.		Deborah is high-strung and neurotic, Flor is beautiful and sweet-natured.  Is it possible John might be attracted to someone other than Deborah?		I expected conflict - maybe even a little adultery - but the way Brooks' screenplay works through these issues was both realistic and satisfyingly open-ended.		Reviewers who complain that the film ends with many issues unresolved must live lives that have all their issues resolved as well.		Not the best Brooks.  But not as bad as much dreck released these days.
0,Great Movie!  Dwayne Johnson was once again.. amazing.  :)
0,Good popcorn movies
0,Exciting and Keven Costner is one of my favorites
0,I can't believe that every version of A Christmas Carol is available on DVD except this delightful one which is my favorite. It's a shame that the studios don't care enough about these wonderful old classic films to restore them and make them available on DVD, especially when so many people are calling for them. They should put both the original black and white and colorized versions on a single disc. They should also restore the 1936 Ronald Colman version of A Tale of Two Cities and the early version of David Copperfield. Hey, how about an early MGM Charles Dickens boxed set!
0,Another good Christmas story
0,For this to be the ultimate JOHN CARPENTER HORROR COLLECTION, you'd have to replace the insipid VILLAGE OF THE DAMNED with the underrated IN THE MOUTH OF MADNESS.  The other three flicks in this worthy set are sterling examples of CARPENTER's work.	THE THING rocks.  A great, slimy alien infestation nightmare of truly eerie proportions with CARPENTER fav KURT RUSSELL taking a flamethrower to his infected bunkmates with gusto.  An excellent movie and an even better horror movie.	The ten minute wrestling brawl between KEITH DAVID and RODDY PIPER is just the cherry on top of the THEY LIVE sundae.  A superb paranoia sci-fi action flick that has earned its cult status and then some.  Not really a horror movie, but great none the less.	PRINCE OF DARKNESS birngs some interesting ideas to the mix; Jesus was an alien, the devil's kid is living in a massive jar of green Gatorade in the basement of an old church, and ALICE COOPER's possesed bum feasting on maggots, to name a few.  A creepy movie with lots of chills and some good laughs.	The selections are all from the UNIVERSAL vault so no wonder VILLAGE OF THE DAMNED made the cut (MOUTH OF MADNESS is WARNER BROS.).  Not bad for a collector's set, but CARPENTER really deserves a set of all his films on DVD like the KUBRICK one.  That would make a prime collective of great DVD's.
0,There are few movies that I will watch over and over again.  This is one of a handful of them.  Each time I watch it, I see new things.  Even for the stuff I remember, it's just such a great movie.  The mood.  The music is awesome.  The story.  The alternate reality touches.  Just a great, great movie.
0,great
0,The night starts with a tag team with Eugene & Regal vs Christian & Tomko. It starts slow, it was ok. Eugene & Regal won to retain titles. Eugene hurt his leg, hehehe!		 Trish Stratus vs Lita for title. Lita came in the match as the champ. Very good match. Lita was controlling through the match, then she dove out of the ring  onto Trish, hurt her knee, witch Trish would win to be champ!		 Shelton Benjamin vs Maven, for IC Title. Fans boooing Maven, hmm I wonder why?!? Shelti picked a quick win, Maven demanded a rematch, Shelti won again. Very quick, but unusually entertaining. When I met Shelti, he said that was his easiest match.		 Jerry "The King" Lawler vs Hassan w Davairi. Very pointless. At least JR was at ringside. I, and a lot of fans, were rooting for King. He just couldn't win that night:(		 Kane vs Snitsky, in a grudge match, it was good. Fast moving, with two huge scary men. Kane picked up  the 1-2-3		 Elimination Chamber: Spaecial Ref is HBK- Y2J vs Benoit vs Edge vs Batista vs RKO vs Triple H. Very exciting. Edge went out 1st, then Benoit, then Y2J, then Batista, then Orton, and HHH won. Suspensful near the end. RKO got HHH good, getting the pin, but Batista's cage was having trouble opening, he was full of rage. Got it open and it was a 2- on 1 brutal finish. Randy was SO close, having lost it could ruin someone.	 Just think about this: If Batista's chamber didn't open for a few more seconds, (if the ref was having more problems opening it) imagined what the WWE would be like. If Randy Orton won the World Heavyweight Championship that night, what would the company be like? What could have happened to WM21? We will never know, but just think about it!		The extras include post match interviews of the Elimination contestants, and promos. The DIVA's also are seen poolside, and engage in a chicken fight. Don't miss out on New Years Revolution.
0,Man of Tai Chi - excellent movie. I was impressed by this movie and it was one of Keanu Reeves movies that I had not heard of. It had very story line and action.
0,Really Great!
0,Love it.
0,great show lots of laughs
0,It's a great deal for a great saga.  I'd say this is a pretty basic pack that comes with the standard set of extra features on a separate disc from the movies.		All-in-all I'm thoroughly happy and got what I paid for.
0,Outstanding show.  Very well thought out with great character development.  If you watch The Good Wife from the first show of the first season, you'll be hooked by the second show.  Then, you are trapped!  Pleasantly.  Characters are solid and believable.  Good luck!
0,Enjoyed the movie.
0,was great would order again
0,I love Tami Lee and own alot of her exercise dvd's so was happy to come across this one in my search for something to cover more stretching than what is done on the exercise dvds.  Each segment is 10 minutes long and easy to follow.  I read the reviews before ordering so I do not know how much more I can add.  I am 63 and my joints desperately need the stretching exercises (my hips especially) this is perfect for anyone to use!
0,Kevin Spacey leads an excellent cast in this film by Lasse Hallstrom, one of my favorite directors. There is never a dull moment in this film which takes place in Newfoundland. Highly recommended.
0,For fans of the first one, this is great.  Only complaint is, wanted to see more of Rosario Dawson.
0,I love Teen Titans Go and this DVD did not disappoint. This seller sent it quickly and well packaged.
0,I just LOVE this DVD. I highly recommend this seller to anyone.
0,I really like all the "eating out" movies. They are all kind of representative of the modern young gay culture.
0,A very moving film of a Hollywood icon, a woman who broke the stereotype and created her own life mold.
0,If you liked, or loved, the movie, you'll love this Blu-ray. The PQ and AQ is flawless! Truly, this is as good as Blu-ray gets. A little light on the supplements, but what's included is well done. VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for Godzilla fans or as a reference-quality demo disc for home theater enthusiasts.
0,A well rounded view of Woody's lie and music but for greater detail and  some surprising facts about Woody, check out the two autobiographies available on Guthrie. Both are a fabulous read.
0,My son and I really like this one... its a nice clean classic movie  good songs catchy tunes
0,Very good movie.  Great actors, music and story.  Will definitely watch again.
0,This has been my favorite tv show since I was 8 years old I wonder if I would ever get a copy of it. For back in 1960's videos and dvd weren't available for me. So I am glad and proud to have a copy and I really enjoy it very much and thank you for making it available for me.
0,Surprisingly, I really liked this movie.  Interesting setting (socially, politically, personally).  Had realistic tension and was believable in the way it was presented.  Besides some violence, it was otherwise OK for people like me who dislike sex and language that most movies portray.
0,Wonderful sweet film. Sam Neill's performance as the eponymous Spanley is by turns comical and heartbreaking...assuming the viewer has a heart to break.
0,I would definitely recommend this movie if you lean towards thrillers, suspense, drama and paranormal type of movies. I must have watched this movie at least three times thus far, and will watch it again and again.  LOVED it!
0,GREAT!
0,who could forget this show.....
0,Words can't describe how much I love this show. I've wanted to get all the seasons for a while and when I started looking around to see how much they were I couldn't believe how inexpensive they were on here! This show has it all, drama, romance, comedy; I love it. Eric's the best =)
0,Great Series
0,great movie. Love Tim Allen.
0,Don't remember the movie basic but the movie swat is great I definite must buy fun to watch even 10 years later better than renting it so you can watch it over and over again and at a great price
0,What can I say. It's Mel Brooks.
0,Very good movie.
0,Yul Brynner leads a group of 6 men to bring law and order to a western town. A giant of a western!
0,Very cyptic art movie.
0,this movie is one that you have to watch from the beginning. I liked this movie. I got emotional while watching it. thinking about buying the movie if it is available
0,Love the Blandings.  Love Jennifer Saunders to begin with.  Lovely country setting.  It is very funny!
0,My special needs son loves it!!!
0,Omnibus was a TV series that debuted in 1952, was hosted by Alistair Cooke, and was mostly about the arts. You might see an original play or a dance performance, a discussion of architecture, or some comedy. Conductor Leonard Bernstein appeared many times over the years. This collection features six of his talks about music and a performance of Handel's Messiah.		Bernstein's first appearance on the show was in 1954 with a fascinating half hour on Beethoven's Fifth Symphony. In it, Bernstein explores Beethoven's notebooks to discover what changes Beethoven made to his most famous composition before he decided it was ready for prime time. It's really quite interesting to hear an orchestra play what were early drafts of the Fifth.		It's just as interesting to see this young, dark-haired Bernstein, already a star, athletically urging the orchestra on, singing (a good singing voice was one of the few musical gifts the Maestro did not possess), playing the piano and organ, conducting, even sneaking a cigarette now and then. His manner is professorial and enthusiastic, an engaging combination. He seems to genuinely want to share what he loves about music, and although he indulges in a bit of showing off now and then, it never comes off as condescending.		As someone who knows next to nothing about the study of music, I found this set educational, but not always in the way Bernstein intended. I learned a lot from the Beethoven episode, and the shows about Bach and jazz. Sometimes we end up learning more about Bernstein's preferences than anything else. In the show about opera, he contrasts operatic scenes from La Boheme with the same scenes, but done as theater, without music. The intent is clearly to show how much more drama can be wrung out of a scene if everyone is singing, but I found the acted scenes to be quite dramatic and less overwrought.		I was afraid the set would be hard to watch since it's from the early days of TV, but the picture is clear enough and the sound is good enough, not great, but not distractingly bad.		Fun surprises are seeing an as yet unknown Carol Burnett, aged about 22, belting out a song called "Ooh La La" in a powdered Marie Antoinette wig, and Jean Marsh, later to become famous in Upstairs, Downstairs, as Mimi in the non-musical scenes from La Boheme.
0,Very funny and heartwarming. Thoroughly enjoyed it.
0,A great series and it's good to find true to life drama on television where nothing is made up Hollywood style.
0,Armand Assante at his best...this movie 'pulls no punches' it goes through the 'rise and fall' with aplomb...great cast...very well acted!
0,Wonderful cast. Great peek in to the life of Julia Child
0,Good transaction & fast delivery. No problems with seller.	I grew up on Marvel so I decided to get all the movies. I actually got everything I grew up on DVDs. Basically anything Marvel you can count on me getting.
0,This is an classic story, and a fascinating and ultimately moving hour of TV.  Major Kira, her wounds still fresh (and deep) from her planet's previous occupation by the Cardassians, goes through a major transformation after dealing with an alleged Cardassian war criminal who is apprehended on the space station.	A lot of DS9 episodes may take a little familiarity with the backstory to appreciate, but this episode stands firmly on its own 2 feet. You get all the exposition you need, and the payoff at the end is powerful.  Plus, Harris Yulin's performance as the Cardasian suspect is nothing short of awesome.  Great sci-fi, but more importantly, great drama.
0,Entertaining.
0,Very fine western, superb acting and direction....but very poor video transfer. Some scenes are muddy others fairly crisp. Definitely in need of restoration. Yes love (Grace Kelly) triumphs over dogma. And Gary Cooper demonstrates that courage and integrity is needed to fight evil. Nice little moral dilemma drama.
0,A well done video that captures the constraints and the times in which Austen lived accurately, rather than merely glamorizing them.
0,There is a certain pleasure in seeing episodes of what TV was like before violence took over.  Also nice to see Ricky Nelson as a lad.
0,Have not had a chance to watch but loved it when I first saw the movies and am sure to do so again
0,This is classic Thin Man stuff. Myrna Loy is radiant, William Powell is smooth and graceful. As usual, they are devoted parents to their little Nicky, who seems to be mainly under the supervision of his nanny.  William Powell giving little Nicky a punishment is a cute bit, with the boy running to his mom for comfort after the 'thrashing.'		Asta is as charming as a dog can be. Everyone should have an Asta!
0,Very good quality works great
0,Jeff Bridges is wonderfull in every thing that he does!!!  Great story  and the music and dance numbers carry it over the top. Thanks
0,Now that we are a few years beyond the hoopla associated with the release of each of the three films in their theatrical versions as well the release of the extended versions, a few observations.		First having read Tolkein's original many times before any of the films were in production I found myself quite capable of accepting Peter Jackson's transformations, transpositions, omissions and additions. No need to go into these as they have been discussed at length elsewhere. The basic principle is one of translation: only here it is not merely of language.		Tolkein, the linguist, had linguistic issues as well as mythological ones as his primary concern. Jackson (and his writers) had a tale to tell, and not a linguistic treatise to transpose. Clearly, then, things got shifted and reshaped, the emphasis was placed largely on the visual aspect which is nothing if not a transformation of Tolkein's many descriptive passages into cinematic "reality." In that sense, Jackson's transformation was spot on in every respect, even his depiction of Sauron (who is not so much a character as much as a presence).		I can also live with the narrative alterations since they remain essentially true to the spirit of the book. The omission of Tom Bombadil, towards the beginning of the book, and The Cleansing of the Shire, at its end are regrettable, perhaps, but the overall effect is not diminished thereby.		After seeing all three extended films recently while also rereading the book at the same time, it became plainly obvious just how carefully Jackson and his writers scoured Tolkein for dialogue. It was often humorous to me to read words said by one character in one situation in the book and to hear the same words spoken by the same, or, in many cases, by others under different circumstances. The initial meeting of Pippin and Merry with Treebeard is an example of both omission and recasting. The nature of narrative cinema being what it is, one could easily imagine a different solution. But Jackson's is certainly that.		After I finished both, I sat back and wondered what about the three films still left me uncomfortable. It was not the screenplay and certainly not any of the visual elements. But, as a composer, I came to recognize the problem - which I would call aural fatigue. And this time around, it really bothered me.		Howard Shore, the composer of the score for the three films, has produced a work of such overbearing continuity and constance that my ears rebelled ! The whole concept of wall to wall music, started by John Williams and George Lucas with the Star Wars films was originally intended as a kind of affectionate parody of the 1930s scores of people like Korngold. But that parody soon became a requirement for all such grand cinema. Shore's musical cues become tediously repetitive - far worse than their Wagnerian counterparts which, in the Ring operas were restricted to brief musical motives which were, then, subjected to all kinds of transformation. Shore largely avoids transformation and prefers flat out repetition. There is no development whatsoever and it is maddening. In an opera, performed on a stage "wall to wall" music is the order of the day because it is the medium.		Bernard Herrmann, whose career began in radio in the 1930s understood the value of brevity. His minimalist approach was almost always overpoweringly effective because of its absence. So much of Shore's score owes its existence to Herrmann stylistically, but totally misses the "brevity is the soul of wit" aspect.		It's a shame that Jackson's ear for music is so obviously tinny and dead - for it seems to him that music is just another background sound. Regrettable, this, for it is a major flaw in the cycle of films, one that could be easily corrected with a judicious bit of slashing. When music, whose ability to heighten the effect of what is seen is reduced to nothing but endless sound, it diminishes rather than enhances the film drama it accompanies. If Shore got paid by the (musical) yard, then he must certainly be a wealthy man now, what with royalties and the like.		I for one would have preferred much less music used to far greater effect. For a musician, aside from intolerable intonation, there is nothing worse than aural fatigue. And if any criticism can be leveled at these three films, it is vastness of its musical abuse! :)
0,Jerry Maguire came out when I was in college. I was reluctant to watch it, but a group of my girl friends on my floor in the dorm invited me to watch it with them. Around 2 hours later, I'd found yet another movie that made it to the top of my favorites. When I first began collecting DVDs, Jerry Maguire was one of the first I bought. This is a wonderful movie with incredible acting performances throughout. It made me laugh. It made me cry. It made me feel and every single time I watch it, I feel yet again. If you have not yet seen this movie (I imagine maybe there are 5 people left in South Dakota or something who have yet to see it) you are missing out. It is absolutely amazing in every way!
0,Formulaic, but very minimal violence and clear point. I enjoyed it.
0,Enjoyed this one! Good horror movie worth the watch.
0,Wonderful depiction of the period and excellent portrayal of the characters, especially Louisa! Wish there had been a few more seasons.
0,This movie is one of the funniest I've seen. It gets a little crude at times but the laughs are undeniable!
0,I found this DVD very relaxing. I also see that this lady does NOT eat at fast food places. I feel that the action in the movie can be followed once you have watched it a couple of times. But where to do this in that you can work on a all over tan but after you put on lotions then bug spray. I do not think this is good to do in the sand since some of that may fall into your face. And NO PHONES!! If you are thinking indoor sun room, how many people and how much room?? Also I suggest watching it and writing down the different poses in the DVD. Heard of more? Then that is what Amazon. Com is for to look up more yoga DVDS. I give this DVD 5 stars!
0,We watch very little TV but so many people raved about this show that we decided to get the first 3 seasons and check it out.  Nicely done series do far.  Good acting and interesting story.
0,This video provides a simple and effective means of improving muscle tone.  It's good for when you want to get in a quick excercise in between the daily errands.
0,Very good movie.  Audie Murphy is wonderful as the cold steely eyed outlaw.
0,Part of the story is based on an obscure ancient legend that there used to be a school in the Fagaras Mountains of Romania, near Sibiu, where students learned witchcraft.  The school was called Scholomance and the graduates were called Solomonari, which is related to the character of Solomon in the Tanakh (Old Testament).  The teacher in the mountains was rumored to be Satan.  All in all a great film!  Romance, drama, action, story, characters.  I only wish it had been 60 minutes longer so we could have had the backstory more complete of Vlad's childhood, father, and Vlad's exploits as "Lord Impaler."  This would have made it the most complete and unbeatable version of the story, even than the Francis Ford Coppola version from 1992, which still stands out as the most incredible version ever!
0,This is not the greatest movie ever, but it has a lot of really funny movies that make the whole thing worth while.  It is kind of a chick movie, but I think some of the joke will be funny to a male audience too.  At least they shouldn't be in too much pain.  Meryl Streep is amazing.  She is just so awful it is wonderful.  It is really worth watching just to see her.  So, watch this movie without expecting too much and you have two hours of fun!
0,I wouldn't normally give a movie 5 stars with this movie's obvious low production value, but the value is in the message, and is one of the more likely realistic Rapture movies I have seen. The movie touches on a lot of things that others miss, such as how many of those left behind thought they were Christians, the great deception (alien abduction) and how any Rapture theorizing would be forbidden, price gouging, and how media plays a large part in controlling the masses with disinformation now, pre-Rapture. It also shows how Christians are made to feel dumb through publications, media, and even in education as a way of suppressing our beliefs and views. The movie follows 4 different stories, similar to Babel, which is something else you don't see in many Rapture movies, but it shows that we are all the same when you get down to the basic tenants of life. Another reviewer posted that it is doubtful that anyone will turn post-Rapture, and I understand why, because it is important to be ready now and not take the chance, but about not turning I disagree. Many who were close to Christians will immediately recognize what happened and will know that the Bible does speak of the Tribulation Saints who find Christ and persevere unto the end, but about getting right now I do agree. I don't think things will decline and society will break down as rapidly as depicted in the movie as I honestly do agree with the movie that many who think they are Christians will be left behind, meaning not that many will be taken and most infrastructures won't be greatly affected by the disappearance of Christians and children below the age of accountability, but it will happen fairly quickly. The world is already heading into a state of chaos with wars and rumors of wars, famine, and so on, so I believe it will feel more gradual because it is already happening.		If you are looking for a really good Rapture movie this one blows away anything by PureFlix, and the content and context is pretty on point.
0,The end of the best series on TV. It was awesome! It was not rushed and the climate was amazing! You will enjoy this as an adult. Get it for your kids! I recommned you get The Last Airbender - The Complete Book One Collection and Book Two Collection!
0,Non-stop action right from the start.  A fun storyline complete with a very interesting and quirky villain.  Hope they make a sequel - it's that fun. You can't go wrong on this one
0,I bought this awhile back when a certain retail store(let's call them 'ircuit ity') had this double feature on a special sale for $6!  I bought it mainly for The Sure Thing, but Valley Girl isn't bad either.  For me to go into the plotlines, "opposites attract" themes, or point out the 80's vibe of both films would be insulting to those reading this.  Besides, the reviews for the individual films are plentiful and more helpful than what i could possibly write.		I'll just comment on the dvd itself.  Each film is on a separate 2-sided disc.  Widescreen versions for both, though fullscreen options are available(side two of Valley Girl for sure, can't remember if fullscreen is included for The Sure Thing as i'm a widescreen-person all the way).  Each film has a commentary track by its director(Reiner and Coolidge respectively) and an in-movie text commentary of sorts by way of pop-ups as bonus features.  This is the 'trivia track' extra listed on the back(honestly, i thought this would be a trivia game about the 80's or about the movies).  Also, it doesn't list it on the back of the box, but The Sure Thing has a fairly extensive making of featurettes on side two(including participation by most of the main talent in the original film).  Not sure why this is not emphasized on the back as an extra as well, as it would've been a selling point to me along time ago.  I'm just glad it was included, a nice bonus surprise nonetheless.  Also, there's a few mini-extras all featuring the Sure Thing herself.
0,One of the classic haunted house movies, The Legend of Hell House has stood the test of time to emerge as one of the better ones. Briefly, a team of investigaters enter Hell House determined to solve it's mystery. What happened next will keep you in thrills and chills as the story unwinds. The cast is excellent, and the atmosphere is perfect for  the movie. Had this first on VHS, Then DVD, now Blu-ray it just gets better, Recommend this one highly!
0,This film is my all time favorite romantic comedy. It has a lot of similarity to my own relationships. The DVD is produced well, but the extra material isn't that great. The deleted scenes are all from scenes in the movie that were mainly cut for length. There is nothing there that would  have added much to the film, changed the feel or tone, and was rightfully  cut. The outtakes aren't that funny and are mainly either the actors  laughing or getting a bit tongue tied. The commentary was adequate, but  they had too many people on it. They are often talking over each other and  it's impossible to hear what they are saying. The introduction by Smith is  mainly him apologizing for saying '... DVD' several times in the  commentary; it was orginally recorded for laser disc. The introductions to  the deleted scenes and outtakes by the cast are mainly Smith, Mewes and  Affleck trying to be funny in improv. Improv actors they are not and  thankfully this can be skipped. Despite the Criterion Collection  shortcomings, this is a fantastic movie and doesn't have to be a Criterion  to be in my collection.
0,The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel opens not in India, where The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel was set, but in the New York City board room of a corporation that finances retirement properties. Sonny Kapoor (Dev Patel), the enthusiastic manager of the original hotel, and Mrs. Donnelly (Maggie Smith), the hotels co-manager, are there to make a pitch for funding. While Sonny is extremely nervous since the stakes are high, Mrs. Donnelly calmly delivers an acerbic tirade against what Americans call tea. She immediately makes clear the board of directors are up against more than they bargained for.		 This sequel to the surprise 2011 hit reassembles the original cast and we see how the characters lives in India are progressing. New to the cast is Richard Gere, whose character arrives at the hotel claiming to be a writer. Sonny, however, immediately suspects hes an inspector whos been sent from New York to determine whether to approve a loan for expansion. Also new is Lavinia Beach (Tamsin Grieg of TVs Episodes), whos checking out the hotel as a possible home for her mother.		 Much is happening at the hotel. Sonny is getting ready for his wedding to Sunaina (Tina Desai) but fears that Kushal (Shazad Latif) is trying to steal her away from him. Mrs. Hardcastle (Celia Imre) is juggling the attentions of two Indian millionaire suitors. Evelyn Greenslade (Judi Dench) has been offered a job as buyer for a local company while Douglas Ainslie (Bill Nighy) is trying to find the courage to tell Evelyn how much she means to him. Guy Chambers (Gere) is attracted to Sonnys widowed mother (Lillete Dubey), who is suspicious of his motives. Norman Cousins (Ronald Pickup) suspects that Carol (Diana Hardcastle) is having an affair.		 Maggie Smith has a much bigger role than in the original, making the most of her unique ability to deliver one-liners with the precision of a whip striking a mosquito on a persons cheek with no collateral damage.		 Director John Madden very smoothly interweaves the story lines so that the movie never seems cluttered. Its fun to re-visit these characters, share their hopes, and enjoy their embrace of life. This is certainly a feel-good movie, with heart and texture. Its sentimental, yet so well acted that we immediately surrender to its charm.		 Sequels often pale in comparison to originals. Happily, The Second best Exotic Marigold Hotel is the exception. It is richer, funnier, more heartfelt, and ultimately more satisfying than its predecessor. Since we already know the characters, writer Ol Parker sweeps us up immediately into the plot lines. Its not even necessary to have seen the first picture. There are enough dialogue, revealing expressions, and action to make perfectly clear what each of these characters is all about.		 Dev Patel brings youthful energy to the role of the thoughtful hotel manager. From his morning attendance calls to make sure no one has died during the night to his frazzled attempts to learn a difficult dance Mr. Patel always succeeds in eliciting a smile.		The movie features several wedding rehearsals, parties and the wedding itself, which not only add color but get everyone in the cast together. Rated PG, The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel, despite its cumbersome title, is first-rate entertainment.		 Bonus features on the Blu-ray release include the featurettes Filming in India, Returning to the Marigold Hotel, The Marigold Wedding, and Blossoming Relationships. There is also a photo gallery.
0,In great shape!
0,Very, very good movie.
0,THE PAGEMASTER [1994] [Blu-ray] All The Adventure Your Imagination Can Hold! Lively! Vivid! Appealing To All Age Groups!		Enter a magical world of adventure and fantasy! When Young Richard Tyler [Macaulay Culkin] takes shelter from a storm in an empty library, he is suddenly transported into the wondrous world of The Pagemaster! Face-to-face with some of the world's most fearsome literary legends, like the mighty Moby Dick, treacherous Treasure Island pirates and even a fierce fire-breathing dragon and Richard Tyler must conquer his greatest fears, or he'll never get back home! Co-starring Christopher Lloyd, and featuring the voices of Whoopi Goldberg, Patrick Stewart and Leonard Nimoy, this live-action/animated adventure provides inspiration to the imagination and entertainment for the whole family!		Cast: Macaulay Culkin, Christopher Lloyd, Ed Begley, Jr. and Mel Harris		Voice Cast: Macaulay Culkin, Christopher Lloyd, Patrick Stewart, Whoopi Goldberg, Frank Welker, Leonard Nimoy, George Hearn, Jim Cummings, Phil Hartman, Ed Gilbert, B.J. Ward, Dorian Harewood, Richard Erdman, Fernando Escandon, and Robert Picardo		Directors: Joe Johnston [live-action], Maurice Hunt [animation] and Pixote Hunt		Producers: David Kirschner and Paul Gertz		Screenplay: David Casci, David Kirschner and Ernie Contreras		Composer: James Horner		Cinematography: Alexander Gruszynski [live-action]		Video Resolution: 1080p		Aspect Ratio: 1.85:1		Audio: English: 5.1 DTS-HD Master Audio, Spanish: 2.0 Dolby Digital Surround and French: 2.0 Dolby Digital Surround		Subtitles: English SDH and Spanish		Region: Region A/1		Running Time: 75 minutes		Number of discs: 1		Studio: Fox Searchlight		Andrews Blu-ray Review: Richard Tyler [Macaulay Culkin] is a child with an overactive imagination... of the wrong kind. He's obsessed with accidents and injury statistics, and as a result he's afraid to do just about anything other than cower in his room, which is plastered with warning posters of all kinds. Then one day while out on his bicycle, he's caught in a sudden downpour and takes shelter in a nearby building, which happens to be the library. To the chagrin of the librarian, he's uninterested in the books that line the shelves, until a touch of magic sends him into the world of the books themselves. Befriended by a swashbuckling novel named Adventure [Patrick Stewart], and he begins a voyage that will call on him to face his own fears and discover inner strength.		The Pagemaster is mostly an animated feature, framed by live-action sections. I enjoyed the style of the hand-drawn animations, which are fairly simple without being simplistic. Each of the three main book characters, Adventure [Patrick Stewart], Fantasy [Whoopi Goldberg], and Horror [Frank Welker], has a highly individual and creative appearance that matches perfectly the way the voices are done. The voices are, in fact, uniformly excellent, which shouldn't come as a surprise given the slate of actors assembled: apart from Patrick Stewart and Whoopi Goldberg, we also get Leonard Nimoy and Christopher Lloyd in supporting parts.		However, after watching this film, I have come to the conclusion that Macaulay Culkin may be famous, but he is a lousy actor. Or, at any rate with his other films, but this time he is quite good for a change in The Pagemaster and with his live-action performance characterised by slightly wooden facial expressions and unconvincing body language. This became apparent to me at the point in The Pagemaster when the film switches to animation: I suddenly realised that the animated character of Richard Tyler was doing a significantly better job of acting than the live Macaulay Culkin. Not good. Fortunately, the animated portion takes up most of the film, and Macaulay Culkin does an adequate job of providing the voice for the cartoon boy.		It's hard to criticise a film that takes as its premise "reading is good"... but the truth be told, I really don't think that The Pagemaster does much with that premise. Look at it this way: if an alien visitor came to the planet Earth, saw this film without some cultural explanations (we'll assume that our hypothetical alien speaks English) it would conclude that "books" are rectangular-shaped cuddle toys. Book-shaped objects are found throughout the film's scenes, and of course several of the main characters are, literally, books, but there are no scenes anywhere that involve actually reading these books. As I said, this may seem like splitting hairs unnecessarily, but it seems to me that The Pagemaster should have and easily could have gone just a step further in embracing its theme.		At only 75 minutes long, The Pagemaster is a really good length for its main target audience of children, and the story keeps moving along at a very lively pace that should keep them interested more than usual. I don't think there's a whole lot of substance for the adult viewer, but it's moderately entertaining at least to keep the adult audience interested. Readers who enjoy the works of Robert Louis Stevenson in particular will be tickled to see the number of references or actual story elements drawn from his books.		Blu-ray Video Quality  The Pagemaster is presented on Blu-ray courtesy of Fox Searchlight with a beautiful 1080p encoded image transfer and in a 1.85:1 aspect ratio. This is a solid if just slightly underwhelming looking transfer that benefits from elements with only very minor damage. Balancing that is just slightly tepid looking colour, though perhaps ironically the few CGI elements seem to have weathered the storm of time better than some of the traditionally drawn cell animation. There's a completely natural layer of grain in evidence here and if the transfer looks slightly soft a lot of the time, it's not necessarily a distraction, especially in the longer animated section, where things look kind of "old school" anyway. Line detail remains reasonably sharp in this long section and colours, while not quite as vivid as some may hope, are nicely saturated and certainly very varied. As with the animated sequence, the live action bookending moments look just slightly soft, but feature are good detail in close-ups and accurate, nicely saturated colours.		Blu-ray Audio Quality  The Pagemaster sounds brilliant in its 5.1 DTS-HD Master Audio surround mix and is nicely immersive, though it's perhaps just slightly less rambunctious than some might expect from a fantasy film like this one. Things get off to a good start in the storm sequence, when the roar of thunder gives the low end a real workout and the pelt of rain and hail fills the surrounds. Once the animated section takes over, there are some great sound effects, including some spooky moments in the graveyard leading up to Jekyll's house, the nice sea sequence which find Richie chasing Moby Dick, and the fun treasure hunting sequence with Long John Silver. The two featured songs nicely fill the surround channels as well. The mix here is a bit on the noisy side at times, and unfortunately the tendency is to place all the dialogue in the front channels, where it only sounds more crowded, especially when characters are talking over each other. That said, fidelity is excellent and dynamic range is very wide.		Blu-ray Special Features and Extras:		Special Feature: Exclusive Behind-The-Scenes Documentary [1994] [480i] [23:10] This is what I assume must have been a half hour television special, hosted by Christopher Lloyd. There are some decent interviews here and a look at the voice recording and storyboarding process. There's also a brief look at the CGI elements (crikey folks, you wait until you get a look at the old style CRT monitor!).		Music Video: Dream Away [1994] [480i] [4:47] This is a song recorded by Babyface and Lisa Stansfield, of early-'90s mega-hit "All Around the World" fame, and recorded exclusively for the 1994 animated film, The Pagemaster. It was written by Diane Warren and produced by David Foster. Is it any good, well Ill you be the judge of that.		Theatrical Trailers: No. 1 Theatrical Trailer [480i] [1:04] and No. 2 Theatrical Trailer [480i] [1:02]		Finally, The Pagemaster is technically a film that is to me an unqualified triumph. While the live action special effects are impressive, the animation appears somewhat rushed. It's certainly not the worst to have graced the big screen in the past few years (that distinction probably goes to FernGully), but certain sequences, most notably those involving The Pagemaster who resembles Gandalf from the animated The Hobbit looked unfinished. On the other hand, the fire-breathing dragon is suitably imposing and menacing. The characters of Fantasy, Adventure and Horror are wonderfully acted and supplied with some cheeky repartee by producer-writer David Kirschner. "How do you like to curl up with a good book?" takes on an altogether different meaning when Adventure suggests it to Fantasy. The animation is not up to the standards set by Disney's Beauty and the Beast, but it's cheery and comical enough to keep the little ones interested. Despite a lot of negative reviews towards this film, I personally think it is totally brilliant and enjoyable romp, despite the fact that I have never been a great fan of this precocious Macaulay Culkin and especially his previous ghastly films, but this one hits the mark 100% and ever since I had this on a Region 1 DVD, I have enjoyed this type of concept of live action combined with animation and to now have it on the Blu-ray format, brings this film to even greater heights of enjoyment and I know with each viewing I will love this film even more and that is why I am so pleased to add this to my ever increasing Blu-ray Collection. Highly Recommended!		Andrew C. Miller  Your Ultimate No. 1 Film Fan	Le Cinema Paradiso	WARE, United Kingdom
0,Just like Devilman, Mazinger Z, and Violence Jack - black lion proves that detail-oriented anime artists of the 90's - combined with creative masterminds like go nagai - produced the best anime of all time.  This is a must-see for anyone who likes Ninja Scroll, Vampire Hunter D, Mad Bull, Golgo 13, MD Geist, Guyver, Yoma, Space Cobra, Fist of the Northstar... and so on.  People who enjoy the Friday the 13th, Terminator, and George Romero movies will also appreciate... If only they'd release a large compilation of Go Nagai's work in English.
0,This is the most comprehensive film regarding the history of the Bible that I have ever seen to date.  This film is easy to follow and understand.  It is constantly interjecting pictures and short dramatizations regarding the information being explained.  The script is concise and at times compelling.  This film leaves no stone unturned.		This film is extremely exhaustive with chapter titles;	The Gospel Record; The Roman Church; Dominic and the Inquisition; The Pilgrim Church; John Wycliffe; The Great Reformation; William Tyndale; Tyndale to King James;Enter The Jesuits; and The King James Bible.	It documents dates and sources from which it derives its information.  Not only does it compile its history from reliable sources...		this is perfectly scriptural in its presentation of Biblical Christianity's history.  This film is a breathe of fresh air when it comes to a solid historical viewpoint.  It does not set forth politically correct views regarding the Catholic church or their historical doctrines.  I appreciate its extra chapter regarding the KJV.  I hope that many who use modern translations see this film and appreciate the translation approach and uniqueness of this KJV.		This film is a must see by anyone slightly interested in the history of the Bible.  I whole heartily recommend this volume.
0,happy to see it for the first time it was fun to watch all the match aging  and see the w how sure to be with the c
0,I recently purchased L'Argent having read a few positive things about the movie.  It is the story of greed run amuck.  One spoiled brat passes a conferfeit French equivilent of a $100 bill and the misfortune that ensues affects many innocent people.  The movie does an outstanding job of portraying the people involved and that has the effect of drawing both towards and away from the various characters.  Some we will perceive as innocent and some as guilty as I think director Robert Bresson intended.  This lesson in morality works well until Bresson takes a leap too far in making his point.  Before we reach that extreme, however, we are convincingly reminded that innocence is not always rewared nor is guilt always punished.  Bresson goes beyond that to such lessons as the poor being always at a disadvantage in court when challenging the rich and that love often doesn't conquer much of anything.  Various characters end up in jail while other lose in other ways.		In regards to the end, I will give nothing away (I hope) but I feel the need to complain about the excessive conclusion that Bresson seems to want us to end up with.  An innocent victim suffers one setback after another and he has our sympathy.  However, what gets passed along from his hands to others is in no way a logical next step as the director would have us believe.  Maybe others might think so.  However, for me this leap of logic ruined the film's message.  To paraphrase Cornelius Ryan, this was a misfortune too far.
0,Great story, special effects, and good 3D
0,The Coen brothers have a cult following, but until I saw this movie, I didn't count myself among the masses that love the Coens.  However, with this movie, this brother team has cemented their reputation as serious and skilled filmmakers with a lot to say and a stylish way of saying it.	This movie is a loose retelling of "The Odyssey" by Homer, set in the Depression-era Deep South.  George Clooney, John Turturro, and Tim Blake Nelson make an unlikely team of escaped convicts who embark on a journey of the weird and wonderful.  Watch for the appearance of many famous Odyssey allusions, such as the Sirens and the Cyclops (among others).  The Coens' quirky take on this classic tale is delightful and perfectly executed, and the script is beautifully and humorously written.  The sets and filming are artistic and a bit mythical, and the casting choices are just great.  The film is peopled with interesting characters, in classic Coen brothers fashion.  Look for great supporting characters played by John Goodman, Holly Hunter, Charles Durning, and others.	And that's not all!  Interwoven in this film are great depression-era songs and some original songs, with excellent music direction by T-bone Burnett.  Who says Moulin Rouge is the first movie in a long while to take the musical format?  This movie is just as much a musical as Baz Luhrmann's much-hyped movie.	I really believe that this movie reaches heights that previous Coen brothers movies (even Fargo) haven't reached.  In addition, I believe this movie was slighted by the Academy during Oscar time.  This movie was one of the best films of the year, and excelled in every aspect a film can be awarded for.
0,love this show ... fast paced and crazy
0,One of the best D.V.D's I have ever seen. I would rate this one 6 stars!
0,I just pre-ordered this and am so looking forward to seeing it. I LOVE Grumpy.
0,1976:		Elton John: Your Song	Fleetwood Mac: Over My Head	Spinners: Rubberband Man	Heart: Magic Man	Hot Chocolate: You Sexy Thing	Wild Cherry: Play That Funky Music	George Benson: This Masquerade	Michael Murphy: Wildfire	Diana Ross: Love Hangover	Eric Carmen: All By Myself	Tom Jones: Delilah	Donna Summer: Love To Love You Baby	England Dan & John Ford Coley: I'd Really Love To See You Tonight	Janis Ian: At Seventeen	Ray Charles: Georgia On My Mind
0,Thanks for having this!  I am proud to add this to my DVD collection!
0,A timeless classical musical.
0,Wonderful story. Beautiful scenery. The little boy is darling and the dog is beautiful.
0,Pretty good, it was better than I thought it would be and although there were a few minutes of lull it was overall a pretty good movie.
0,My son and I both enjoyed this series and can't wait until the new series is available on Amazon Prime.
0,All discs shoeed up and work so that's a W
0,This was very entertaining.  A nice family film.  My daughter likes Hannah, and I enjoy her also.  I thought this was a very nice movie, and I love the song "The Climb"
0,Inspiring movie for the whole family.
0,For my granddaughter.
0,PBS and Ken Burns has done a wonderful job with this video in telling the story of Huey Long.  The interviews with Louisiana backwoods citizens were very amusing and informative of his grassroots appeal as a politician.  Could do a better treatment of his national political influence, especially Long's on and off (mostly off) relationship with FDR.
0,You are not going to learn a lot about history by watching this movie but I found it very entertaining.  Unlike one of the other reviews, I thought it had a great ending.  Obviously I will not go into details and spoil it but I thought it was very fitting.	Some parts are predictable and far-fetched and this is a very violent movie.  I put it in the same class as Braveheart and Saving Private Ryan which were both great movies.  If these movies offended you I would suggest not watching this one.	While watching this movie I tried to imagine what it must have been like to be alive in that era.  Walking into the arena not knowing what or who you would be facing with a very likely chance that you would not be walking out is very erie....
0,Ridley Scott's Prometheus is not a disappointment.  I really enjoyed the movie and found it to be entertaining.  Although it answedred a lot of questions from the "Alien Series" it did leave me with new questions.
0,I bought these because I loved the show and wanted to own the entire series . The price was great and so is the quality .		Love Will and Grace
0,The Final Cut had a number of scenes that were not in the theater release nor in the general release of Blade Runner.  They clear up a few minor details and make this version well worth watching.  Enjoy!
0,the best rainy day film ever
0,Twisted, funny, disgusting...ANY word would fit to describe this movie. The kicker is that it's based on a true story!
0,It's just this simple--ZETA GUNDAM is not only the best GUNDAM series ever, but it is one of the best SF shows I've ever seen.  It can certainly stand shoulder to shoulder with STAR TREK, FARSCAPE, FIREFLY, and the new BATTLESTAR GALACTICA in terms of the best "space based" science fiction.		  ZETA takes place seven years after the events of MOBILE SUIT GUNDAM and four years after GUNDAM 0083.  Old heroes and new ones join forces to fight the vicious Titans, an offshoot of the Earth Federation that make the SS look like a bunch of amatuers.		  ZETA is similar to the new BATTLESTAR GALACTICA (or is it the other way around?) in that it is a character-driven science fiction adventure.  Creator/director Yoshiyuki Tomino puts the emphasis on characters with very human frailties.  No one is perfect, and it is difficult to pigeonhole everyone as simply "good or evil".  There are loads of space battles, mobile suits, and action both on earth and in space, but, like GALACTICA, there is a sense of realism and believability.  True, the animation is over 20 years old, but it is the STORY that matters.  It draws the viewer in and never lets go.		  The limited edition box set is hard to find, but it is worth the cost.  Fans of good science ficiton television, whether you are an anime fan or not, should watch this series.  Action, adventure, three-dimensional characters--it's all here.  What are you waiting for?
0,ALEC BALDWIN IS A MESS AND FUN TO WATCH.  I COLLECT COMEDIES AND THIS ONE DIDN'T DISAPPOINT. I LIKE ANYTHING MERYL STREEP ACTS IN...
0,I think to often when movies are hyped they take a hit for it. This movie is a solid entry to the Comic heroes I have seen before it. I will add it to my library of Superman, Batman, The Shadow, X-Men, Dick Tracy, and Spider Man. I didn't catch this at the theater but rented it and will now buy it. I know this didn't do great at the box office, probably because everyone went in expecting it to be another Spiderman. Somehow people can't seem to go in with an open mind and let it stand on its own merit. If you do you will find this movie well worth owning. The key characters and supporting cast were solid. The music was great and the sets gave a real feel of New York. The choreography was as good as I have seen on any movie including the overly hyped Spiderman. Personally I think Ben Afleck made a better DareDevil than Tobey Maguire made a Spiderman. The real scars of a "human" superheroe was a nice touch. I can't wait to see the sequel.
0,TIM  CONWAY,  You need not say any more.  Just fork over your 6 bucks for this and enjoy.
0,Arguably the most controversial season of the four to date. I bought this Season a few years ago from Amazon because I didn't want to wait any longer here in Australia! And I'm glad I did because the casing is much fancier than our local editions, here.		I was a late bloomer with the OC, only watching it when a friend let me borrow his pirate copies once season 4 had already began on TV. That wasn't enough for me, I HAD to have my own legitimate copies and have not regretted my decision.		The OC is dramatic, interesting and yet fun and humourous. The characters all compliment eachother and none leave the viewer rolling their eyes and fast-forwarding to the next episode in boredom. I've watched the series twice now and will watch it again down the track. There's something magical about this show, something that 'just works'. Check it out, suitable for a wide audience. 10/10.
0,I looked into it after hearing kevin smith rave about it on so many different occasions, I had never really given much thought to buying it ,as it is 90 bucks on amazon, but then I found the dvd collection in a half price book, movie and record store for 50 bucks. so, I picked it up and I was thoroughly engrossed in the many different stories. if you havn't seen it by now then you probablly won't ,ever, but you should it is really great .
0,thanks
0,great
0,I also saw this at a film festival and enjoyed it immensely.  Great story, well cast and I was smiling or laughing through the whole film.  So glad I can now obtain the DVD to share with family and also send a copy to my niece (with 3 children 10 to 14) who will appreciate a film that's engaging, touching & funny without uncomfortable scenes & profanity.
0,Despite other reviews, I thought the acting was rather well done.  You really have to suspend common sense in some parts of this movie because their are things that just wouldn't make sense (5 things come to mind).  My biggest problem with this movie is the ending.  I don't mind when things aren't cleared up in the end but the movie's themes have to be consistent.  Basically, this movie is about a group of people that descend into chaos and primal evil.  I don't want to ruin the movie but discussing the ending but I don't think it fit well for this movie because the surviving character is no better than the other evil characters from her/his deeds at the end.		Perhaps, the movie ended this way to setup for a sequel?  Anyways, this was enjoyable and worth renting.
0,A friend loaned me his copy and after seeing it I wanted my own to watch again and to loan out to family and friends.	This is a very intelligent and well researched documentary. The questions it asks and the realistic answers given makes you wonder why governments are not allowing them to happen. For example, the world could definitely be a better place if the powers that be would allow Nickola Tesla's method of creating free energy for everyone to become a reality. This is just one of the many subjects which are covered. This documentary will explain everything better than I can. It is not "human nature" to destroy ourselves but to indeed Thrive. Thank you.
0,Both of these movies are a great watch. Mr. Roberts shows a side of the military that is all to true but rarely seen or acknowledge. It truly is a trip from boredom to tedious. No time for sergeant is another side of the military though rare I have seen it.
0,big Chicago fan great gift
0,Excellent movie, but probably should have rented rather than buying. However, I am a big fan of Nicholas Cage, so you just may buy it just for that reason. Enjoy!
0,Decent action flick with hints of romance and components of comedy.  It contains character development similar to Bourne Identity, but it is a bit watered down which works as this is more of a comedy film with elements of shock that is geared for adolescent and older crowds.  Eisenberg's routines in character were geared for younger crowds.
0,Love the entire Hardy Family Series.  Watch them over and over.  Have them on my DVR, in DVD (for the ones that are on DVD) and now I am buying them for my kindle.  This way I am set anywhere I go.  Love Mickey Rooney!!!
0,100% pleased with this purchase. Product arrived quickly and was sealed in perfect condition. All discs were scratch/smudge free and played fine. Two thumbs up.
0,This box set takes the five individually released DVDs and puts them into one package.  The first four discs contain five episodes, while the fifth disc contains only four.		The first disc was the best when it came to bonus features.  The second and third disc had decent features.  The fourth and fifth discs, however, were a disappointment.  It felt like they put too many special features on the first disc, and then ran out of features and were forced to repeat a feature from the first disc.		The series itself is very well done, and I would recommend this box set.  For fans of Noein, this is definitely the way to go get the full series.  Instead of having to pay $90-$100 to pick up all five DVDs individually, you can purchase this box set for about $40.
0,Wild Bill Eliot as a modern detective was really a switch but it worked. A must to see and definitely worth the money
0,Great characters, enjoyable movie. Ready to watch it again.
0,I love it.
0,Very well done show.
0,It was pretty good for an old, black and white movie, but not as good as, "Creature From The Black Lagoon". We will keep it and watch it again sometime.
0,"A Night at the Opera" (1935) remains one of the Marx Brothers' finest efforts and a comic masterpiece. However, the seeds of the Marxes' creative demise were planted in this particular film: the strong focus on music and romance; the gradual softening of the brothers' comedic personas; and the MGM studio gloss at odds with Marxian anarchy. Thanks to the guiding hand of producer Irving Thalberg, everything clicks in "A Night at the Opera." Groucho, in particular, is brilliant and razor-sharp. Harpo's freewheeling spirit has been toned down, yet he has some truly inspired moments. In the immortal role of Herman Gottlieb, character actor Sig Rumann makes a welcome addition to the Marx Brothers stock company. A splendid night is guaranteed for all.
0,Great
0,An understated yet wonderful gem -- all the more impressive in light of its having been filmed in a mere 17 days!		This story -- of a warm friendship that develops between two women of very different religions yet not-so-different hearts and circumstances -- avoids so many wrong paths that lesser films might have (and all too often have indeed) taken. On the one hand, it does not romanticize sincere devotion as an always clear or comfortable path; and it vividly portrays both the humour and the frustration a younger generation may experience in receiving guidance from its elders. On the other hand, it does not condemn or even trivialize 'conservative' adherence to such beliefs and traditions.		I especially appreciated one episode involving a party, in which a young woman's reaction, to things so many today would consider normal social activity, is depicted neither as self-righteousness nor as weakness nor even as temptation-barely-avoided. She simply does not find that world attractive.  Indeed, far more of us understand her aversion than most of the entertainment industry usually recognizes. And when, later, she does pointedly 'take a stand', it is against someone whose pride in being more 'worldly' and 'sophisticated' was what had proved the REAL self-righteousness.		Ultimately, however, this is a story of affirmation, and a film both charming and fun.  The two central roles are played out perfectly -- blending humour, angst, intelligence, and 'spunk' in a way that is utterly believable.  These are women you would want to know, women who could become anything they choose ... and who succeed in doing so.
0,The best western comedy ever , lots of beating of bad guys , watched it when I was a kid at the cinema, a must for western funs
0,"Dancer in the Dark" is one of the rarest of entities - a cinematic masterpiece that deserves comparison to the greatest films ever made "Metropolis," "Citizen Kane," "2001: A Space Odyssey" to name a select few - yet remains a singularly, incomparably unique work of art.  Like "The Third Man" it is a film in which everything unexpectedly comes together - a brilliant directorial vision, beautifully haunting music, and a superlative ensemble cast -  to create an indelible cinematic experience that is as shattering as anything ever committed to film.  At the heart of this film is the magnificent performance - both acting and musical - of Bjork who is absolutely natural and affecting.  I won't attempt to describe the plot, which may seem farfetched when read on paper (or on the screen).  But no matter how implausible the series of events may seem, ultimately, each scene is convincingly played.  In the very best sense this film is operatic - filled with primal passions, larger than life, profoundly ethical, and even sublime.  But it is a film that manages to transcend any one genre, becoming something never before seen, yet universal.
0,Nice girl-power movie about overcoming self-doubt. Loved the amazing scenery and surfing action shots.
0,Sin duda esta es una de las mejores trilogas actuales. La resolucin es espectacular y el sonido ptimo. Gran historia. Muy recomendable.
0,I am binge watching the show.
0,While I appreciate seasons 1 and 2 very much, I would like to complete my collection of the Hart to Hart series. #freeharttohart
0,nice movie
0,A film that is both shocking and genuinely hilarious at the same time seems to be a rarity nowadays.  I won't waste my breath recapping the story and main characters as other reviewers have undoubtedly done that.  It does drag a bit in the middle though.  I unfortunately bought the DVD but this is one film I may have to invest in a Blu-Ray version of also.
0,Loved it
0,It keeps changing and making you guess.  It is very scarry but a little hokey at parts. But all movies in this genre are
0,Good movie, Kept my interest
0,Very nice truck a great addition and well mad although wish it was made in die-cast fashion for longer more durable wear and tear paly use.
0,This new KK is fun and mostly exciting.  But it really is too long (because everyone already knows the story) and the entire movie belongs to Naomi Watts and Kong.		Nothing wrong with that--as soon as I heard they had Naomi Watts I knew this movie would be a cut above.  But over the course of 3 hours there should be some other memorable characters and there aren't.  Jack Black and the others are ok but anybody could have been substituted and it wouldn't have made any difference.		That's why, when its over, everybody remembers the Anne, Kong and the special effects.  The rest is pretty much filler.  My guess is, its Peter Jackson's ego and he has to embellish everything from the original, just to show that more is better.
0,Absolutely outstanding from the storyline, to the actors and an enjoyable thread of a plot.		Lauren Ambrose has been blessed with opportunities to show her ability of playing a remarkable range of very different characters.  I remember especially playing a special needs girl on "Law & Order" as well as other parts.  Acting wise, she falls, in my humble opinion, as a younger Meryl Streep.  She can play many different roles with entirely different mannerisms, voice register, where the actor is totally the character to the point that you forget who the actress is.  I have seen very few actors who can pull that off.		Adam Kaufman is entirely appealing as the brother in law who chooses to marry Leah for the 3 month period (I do not know enough by any means of the conservative Hasidic Jewish custom/laws etc....)  as a requirement for his brother's name.		This opportunity gives Leah the freedom she thrives to go to college and break out beyond the walls of the very conservative Hasidic type of Judaism.  She studies for the SAT, she and Jake (Adam Kauffman) also create a very appealing loving chemistry.		The other aspect I liked for a change is that the girlfriend/fiance who encourages him to learn more about his brother and honestly is very understanding about bringing Leah back for three months.  She is not a shrew or hateful or mean spirited.  It seems that Jake mentions something about he really wasn't interested in marrying her anyway (Just kind of a one-liner to explain his view).  She sees Leah only once and is gracious.  Mercedes Ruehl plays Jake's mother and shows up at the beginning and at the end--a much smaller part than Susie Essman as Leah's mother.  Yes, she plays many of the Jewish mother stereotypes but there is a richer depth to her character as the movie progresses.		Many of the "Hallmark Hall of Fame Gold Crown" productions have been extremely well done.  They have high production values and appealing stories that do not always follow the Hallmark cookie cutter movies they show on Saturday and Sundays.
0,Good deal.
0,Although the script takes some liberties and uses a bit of imagination, and even though some verses are out of context and sequences are not always right, this movie is powerfully moving and gets it right on the important truths contained in the Gospels.  The love of Christ oozes out throughout, and the verses cited make it clear that Christ gave His live a ransom for many.		The musical scores go along with the movie amazingly well, and it is actually better to have titles rather than spoken words.  No one is ever quite right sounding like Jesus.  This was a lavish production in 1927 -- the live animals, large crowds, etc. are amazing.  The film is sharp.  If you watch this movie, bring a handkerchief, because even the hardest heart cannot help but tear up.		The love of Jesus and His compassion really emerge from this movie.  The original, longer version is probably the better one to show, since it has the longer resurrection scene (done in color in 1927, if you can believe that). It will hold you spellbound.		No movie moves me like this one.  It is not gory like some modern ones. In my opinion, on one has ever improved on this movie, though some, like the Jesus Film, are more accurate.
0,I love the show and this season which is the sole reason for the four star rating.  The DVDs suck.  The only special features are two commentaries by Paul Stupin for the first and last episodes.  Nothing from Kevin Williamson, no interviews with the cast, nothing about why the season was written the way it was, etc.  I sincerely hope that the rest of the season DVD sets are much better than this one...
0,Lepage is a genius - the last scene, his floating in space.
0,My daughter loves this movie .very fast shipping.thank you
0,Good movie
0,all is great
0,Most of these movies are over the age of our oldest child but they still have the aspects of old time values -- you know, the pioneer forefathers faced the bad guys and worked hard to overcome the challenges with clenched jaws (finally winning out).  The children think they/we are really too old-fashioned but WE enjoy the escape from today's news and outside pressures.
0,I THOUGHT IT WAS VERY ENTERTAINING AND LET YOU KNOW HOW HE LIVED AND WHAT HAPPENED TO HIM.
0,It has been far too long since Quentin Tarantino dropped a new film and the wait seemed to be even more of a kick in the back end when Quentin announced that he would be cutting his martial arts revenge flick in to two halves. As an avid fan, I was lukewarm to the idea of him taking six years and coming with what seemed to be a silly martial arts homage pic. Truth be told "Kill Bill" is a silly martial arts homage pic but its presentation is what makes it work.	Uma Thurman is The Bride, a deadly assassin, ambushed on her wedding night by her former associates. Four years later, she awakens from her coma and seeks out revenge. Her hit squad- Vivica A. Fox, Michael Madsen, Darryl Hannah, and Lucy Liu, are all here and they are working for the unseen but well heard Bill (played by David Carradine). Going back and forth from different locations such as Tokyo and Pasadena, The Bride takes all comers in bloody fight after bloody fight.	"Kill Bill" is almost instantly the most violent film in recent movie history. Though most of its violence seems similar to that of the comedic swordfight in "The Addams Family" with blood spraying like a sprinkler, it is still amazing that this violent tour-de-force avoided the NC-17 rating. "Bill" features some of Tarantino's finest visual work though his usual witty dialouge does fall victim in some areas. Anyone who shares his love for the classic martial arts flicks of the 70's will absolutely love this movie. With images shot in all different formats including one in the classic Japanese "anime" style introducing Lucy Liu's O-Ren Ishi, Quentin is never afraid to try something a little different.	If nothing else, "Kill Bill" is an extremely fun movie. Tarantino is certainly having a good time, especially with his casting of such cult heroes as Sonny Chiba and Michael Parks. Of course, the movie brings "suspension of disbelief" to new levels. No, Uma Thurman would not be able to bring the world's most deadly sword on a plane with her. Of course, she would not be able to sit around in the hospital parking lot in a murdered ordely's car for three hours. But does anyone go to a samurai movie for realism? "Kill Bill" shows that Tarantino knows how to make a film that will not only please longtime genre fans but bring in a crossover fanbase who might not have ever watched any of these films. Just as he did with horror films in "From Dusk Till Dawn" and blaxplotation flicks with "Jackie Brown", you are getting a film that is esentially an explotation film with a big budget and an excellent cast.
0,Very intriguing. Loved the story. Loved the characters. Loved the plot, the male lead was captivating :)
0,I'll never understand why the BBC opted not to continue this fantastic series. From the very first episode, I was hooked. It's so rare to see a show that centers on the females, and even more rare to see females in roles that are diverse and multi-faceted. I loved them all... everyone from Kitty to Flora to Rosalie. While they weren't always likable at times, I felt like I always related to them. It was also a very romantic series (perhaps this is why the BBC cancelled it... was it too "soap opera" for BBC One?) Nevertheless, the plot never centered on the romance. Each episode featured a few new characters dealing with different issues, and each one was thoroughly engaging. The sets & costumes evoked the period quite well, and you really get a sense of how horrible it would have been during this war-torn period of history. As for the male cast, Thomas was very handsome and Miles was utterly adorable. And the fact that we don't get to see more of this phenomenal cast of characters makes me feel very gutted.
0,Worst movie you will love to see!!!!!
0,You can NEVER go wrong with Peanuts! If you've fallen in love with the characters, this is a must have for your library.
0,I ADORE this movie! Beavis and Butthead are the most hottest and coolest guys in the movie business. Buy this!!
0,Terrific, quirky funny movie. Wonderful acting and interesting and unusual story. I am a huge Mads Mikkelsen fan, and especially liked his performances in The Hunt, Adam's Apples, The Salvation,and  After the Wedding. Nikolaj Lie Kaas is another Danish favorite especially watching him in the lead role in Department Q: The Keeper of Lost Causes, Child 44, and also in Adam's Apples.
0,great!
0,Classic Mel Gibson and why I have watched it 5 or 6 times.  Great acting by everyone and funny, although rough, scenes.  Any Mel Gibson fan must watch.
0,If you end up enjoying just one movie out of the four on any of the MST3K sets, then it's well worth it.	On this one it's "The Deadly Mantis". Actually a good 1950's Sci-Fi, and the gang is again at their best.	"Village of the Giants" is a typical teenage drive-in movie, and I probably won't watch that one again.	"Rocket Attack U.S.A." is fairly good just because of the state of mind people were in at that period in our history.	"The Slime People" was a REALLY low budget film of the early 60's, and pretty bad, but the guys get in a lot of good jabs, so that's one I'll watch again also.	In all, I have six MST3K sets. They still entertain even after many viewings.	This is not the best IMHO (I really like "The Lost Continent" with Cesar Romero-I have the MST3K set and the original 1951 movie), but it's good.
0,Excellent story.
0,The Brave One was beautifully crafted in 1957 by blacklisted author Robert Rich and immediately established itself as a superb classic. The tale is of a small Mexican boy and his enduring love for his courageous pet bull. Set in Mexico, a boy discovers a cow has been killed after delivering and orphaning a male offspring. Naming the calf Gitano, The boy becomes it's friend and caretaker. Realizing the boy's loneliness, the parents encourage the bond, but fail to emphasis the eventual fate of the animal. Throughout the Calf's life the boy's love inexorably grows unaware of his parent's financial responsibility to the bull's true owner. By the time the animal has grown to market size and becomes a cash commodity, the boy's parents are torn between their son's love and their duty to the Patrone. Using subterfuge, the parents separate the two. Returning from a fool's errand, the boy discovers his best friend and lifetime companion has been sold for the purpose of bull fighting and its eventual destruction. Despite the frantic warnings of his parents that it's too late to save the animal, the small boy adroitly played by Michel Rey, sets off to save his courageous friend from certain death. The boy visits everyone from the Patrone to the Governnor of Mexico in a vain attempt to alter the fate of his pet. The film culminates with the boy's magnificent bravery before an arena filled with spectators. True loyalty to any animal has never had a more poignant test of love and courage. For any viewer with a human heart, this tear-wrenching film will leave you joyfully weeping. ****
0,Maybe because I am the same age as Ethan Hawke, I could really relate to Before Sunrise when it came out in 1995. I was hopeful when I heard there was finally a true sequel (not counting the Jesse/Celine segment from Linklater's Waking Life) coming out. Well, just as I could relate to the conversations in Before Sunrise, Before Sunset offers up a whole slew of new topics for us 34 year olds to relate to. Amazing. I am now married with 1 child. Jesse (Ethan Hawke) brought up some things in this film that really hit home. Richard Linklater is a true master at conversation. Unlike Kevin Smith, who writes great dialogue that sounds very unnatural, Linklater's conversations are 100% real. It also helps that Delpy & Hawke have a real love of these characters (Jesse & Celine). Anyone who dismisses this movie as "boring" or self-indulgent is someone I would not want to associate with personally. It is a beautiful work of art. We need more films like this.
0,This is kind of a suspense type movie, and it is hard to write about without giving the plot and movie away. We were always wondering when and if the victim(s) would be free, and in the alternative if the villain would be caught.
0,Fun movie!  Not at all predictable.
0,Great series.  Too bad it is not on TV anymore.
0,This was a very good movie to watch especially for family together shows.  It showed a lot of respect and caring for each other.  You will like it as well as your children.
0,Great movie, fun for the family of boy's. Thank you.
0,Saw this movie when it first came out. Loved it then love it now.
0,great
0,This was and up to date Dead President..and and ethnic version of TOWN. pretty good movie. I love heist movies always want them to get away
0,I got this one on VHS because I'm not shelling out the sixty plus bucks for this on DVD. But having never seen this movie until now, I must say I really liked it. I don't know how this movie slipped past my radar,but it is low budget sword and Fantasy fun! Carradine does an acceptable job as the underdog hero. The villains over act dripping with scene stealing ferver,and the Scorceress was nearly naked the whole time, ...funny I don't even recall what her face looked like! This is exactly what you would expect from that time period. Good cheap entertainment. Every body keeps making fun of the lizard puppet guy, but I thought it was pretty cool. (much better than the cave puppet from Deathstalker!) Anyhow one thing you should watch for, is a scene at the end of the movie when carradine is making his grand loner exit from the village. One of the peasant guys stands up in front of the camera, someone starts to clearly tug on his costume to get him to move out of the shot. I rewound this and watched it three times. It was pretty funny. I do wish the price of this would drop on DVD, because it is worth owning.
0,The Iron Giant was released by Warner Bros. Animation in 1999 and failed to make back its production costs at the box office.  Once you see the movie you will wonder why. I suppose it shows just how important marketing is in the film business.  I don't remember it being too heavily promoted when it came out.  Everything about the film is great.  The animation, the voice work, and the story is outstanding.  Brad Bird (The Incredibles, Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol) directed it and adapted it from a book written several years before.  Its kind of a hidden treasure that is only recently getting discovered by new fans.
0,Satisfied customer
0,The first Spider-Man movie was great, and this one follows in its footsteps.  I would go as far as to say it is even better than the first.  It is always impressive to see Spider-Man display his powers, and with modern special effects, we get to see him in all of his glory, as his creator Stan Lee had intended.  There is one particular part in this movie that brings a tear to my eye.  It is that powerful.  It is this one part where Spidey uses his powers to the max in order to save a trainload of people.  It is simply AWESOME.  The rest of the movie is good too, but that is my favorite part.  If you like comic books, action films, or both, I recommend this title to you.
0,Excellent Travolta/DePalma thriller. This one was a box office flop. I think it was because audiences wanted to see more of the Travolta/Saturday Night Fever type of character. After a long downward spiral Travolta came roaring back in "Broken Arrow". For all fans of thrillers this one is a definite must see. Lithgow is fantastic as the pycho  Killer. A part that he plays to perfection
0,great
0,One of my daughter's favorite movies.	I bought the movie for her	for Christmas and she loves it!	Good movie.
0,This is a nice change in the whole Snow White theme story idea.  The humor is great and keeps you interested.
0,Great movie! I bought it for my grandkids so they had more of a view of how our military sacrifices to keep us safe  These days I don't think they have any idea of what kind of conditions they are exposed to or that our enemies will even sacrifice their own people for the win. they are under some illusion that be all you can be means you will be sent to Hawaii or Germany to have fun. Or the job they give you will be at a desk taking calls. I want my grandkids to know that these brave men and women are out there in foreign countries while they leave their families behind and risk their lives for them to have the right to go to school and make decisions. They need to know that this is not a fight on the game boy and real people get killed or maimed. How do you fight an enemy that are all dressed the same and you have to make a decision weather or not this is a bad guy? Thanks to all of our armed forces for you service!
0,this Thumbelina is the japanese anime version and i love this movie by Enoki Films Japan and United States :)
0,A1
0,This, as we all know, is by no means the best season...I found it to be the weirdest. But still, I enjoyed it. James was fantastic as he flawlessly pulled off a stellar performance of a "vampire gone mad" if you will. I know for a fact that I'll be buying it when it comes out! It's a definate MUST HAVE for any Buffy fan.
0,The story is not original, but it is still a fun movie to watch. I found the comedy to be more on the stupid side. It will make you laugh. You could tell the characters had some chemistry as they were very good together...really made the film what it is. I would not say this is a four star movie, but definately a 3 star, unfortunately Amazon decided to have a 5 star system to complicate the matter.
0,This is a pretty funny romantic comedy and I'd recommend
0,Lots of high points and low points in this season.  Probably where many people really think the show started to lose its touch.  While I thought Glory was a great departure for the traditional villain, I guess Buffy had just broken the mold too many times for even a character like Glory to really strike people.  Some solid episodes in it though.  The one about the Buffy Bot, and when Spike confronts Buffy about his past are in season five.  They are all must see episodes for any fan.	All and all, I give the season a B+.  I never thought Dawn found her way into the group, and I never felt any true emotion between Buffy and her.  But, who knows, this was also the season where Buffy seemed to lose her girly tendencies and become just a stone cold warrior like the rest of the slayers before her (its kinda sad, considering that she consciously tried to never become them).	A safe buy for any fan.  You'll enjoy.
0,I Love watching these movies ~ they have great stories, high interest, and Love!!!
0,Cute movie to watch with your children. My three year old loved watching Dracula turn into a bat, and his favorite character was the blob.	There really isn't any foul language, sexual content, or inappropriate material making this a great family movie.
0,Relatively true to the book for Hollywood. Enjoyable escapist entertainment with some good acting at times. Great staging, cinematography and costumes.
0,I have been meaning to buy this for some time. This is a great childhood memory for me. We are so spoiled today with the movie magic. This movie takes you back to when film makers had to try so hard to make it look real. Although many scenes do not look very real, it is a fun movie to watch. I am very happy I got it.
0,My kids love it
0,Such  an amazing series! As the life of each painting unfolds the series demonstrates that paintings have palpable lives and histories! Absolutely mesmerizing! I only wish every painting in every gallery could be explored in this series. Since watching this series, I have an appreciation for artworks that I never had before. When I go to the National Gallery of Art, I now ask how did this painting get here, what role did the painting play in the artist's life, what significance did the painting have for the artist?
0,What a fun ride.
0,I love this show, wish there were more recent shows as good as this one!  I received these DVD's in a timely manner.  However, disc #6 was blank, it had nothing on it!!
0,This video is perfect for me in trying a fresh approach during my daily exercise.  I can work at my pace and feel limber and well toned after doing these.  I have always loved ballet but have never taken formal lessons.  These enable me to exercise at my own pace and as long as I want.
0,Another great season. Love Family guy and this finishes my set so far. I was hoping it had the episode where Bryan died, but sadly have to wait for the next season. I love putting these seasons on when there is nothing else to watch.
0,One of my favorite shows
0,I loved the book.  This movie had some campy moments, but overall it was fun watching it.
0,This film is one of the very best horror flight movies I've seen. It was directed wonderfully and acted beautifully and had a hyper-realistic atmosphere. The twist ending was a major surprise. All in all, an enjoyable, engrossing film, and a fun ride (or flight). By the way, this film will never, and I do mean never, be shown on a commercial flight. Highly recommended.
0,esta pelicula de harry potter es la mejor de las que han salido ya que tiene accion,magia,un poco de terror para los ninos y hasta muerte ( muere Cedric Diggory) pero es muy buena vale la pena gastar su dinero  en el boleto no se van a arrepentir y se van a entretener 2 hrs 40 min
0,i love it
0,I've seen this movie twice now. The DVD is a great transfer with immersive surround sound and quality special features. My major complaint about it is that nowhere on the DVD does it mention that this was based on Hitchcock's Rear Window. In this updated version, the hero is bound to his home via house arrest and an ankle bracelet, instead of being confined to a wheel chair. If you liked Rear Window, watch this, it is a modern version of it, even if the DVD doesn't say so. It is funny and provides the thrills with a great ending. I highly recommend this underrated movie.
0,excellent
0,Roger Moore is a good James Bond. The Best? Eh....  The longest running? Yes. He does do a good job, and the transition from Sean Connery to him isn't as rough as you might think. Some very classic 007 films here.
0,I find this a great must have for any Tolkien fan. The extra footage is a must have. The actors, locale, special effects make this movie a great addition to any movie lover's library.
0,Very pleased with purchase. Also speed in receiving item.
0,Perfect read for the weekend
0,I love this show.  Other than the fact that the thick British accents can be hard to understand, the stories are spellbinding.  Here in the states we don't have any 800 year old haunted castles.
0,At the age of 53, Lew Wallace, a veteran of the Civil War as well as the diplomatic corps, found himself a bestselling author. Like most cultured men of his generation, I'm sure he had absorbed and admired the works of Sir Walter Scott, an admiration that is quite obvious in Wallace's ambitious historical novel "Ben Hur: A Tale of the Christ". Set, as the title suggests, during the period of Christ's life, the novel opens with the quest of the Wise Men and concludes with the Crucifixion. But because it is a work of fiction, the central character, in fact the title character, is the fictional Judah Ben Hur, the scion of a wealthy Jewish family living in Roman-occupied Jerusalem. Because of an unusually ill-timed accident, Judah's house is confiscated by Tiberius, his sister and widowed mother thrown into prison, and Judah himself sent to slave in the galleys, a punishment which had a brief life expectancy, even for a healthy young man. Surviving the galleys through an unusual set of circumstances, Judah is adopted by a Roman duumvir (magistrate) and trained in a Roman military school. Afterwards, he travels to Antioch where he participates in a chariot race, primarily so that he can challenge his childhood friend-turned-enemy Massala, often referred to as the Massala. (The chariot race section of the novel was often published separately.) All this action, though described in dense Sir Walterish detail, moves swiftly and smoothly, the plot continually acceptable and absorbing. Because this is a work of the American Victorian school(you'll find yourself addressed as "dear reader"), the tone is frequently a little nave. When Judah visits Antioch's Grove of Daphne he is as shocked by its "love without law" as David Copperfield would have been. And Iras, the femme fatale of the story, betrays her wickedness by telling Judah a somewhat salacious version of the Creation. The last third of the novel is taken up with Christ's mission and the antagonism it arouses in Judea. Interestingly, Judah misunderstands the concept of King of the Jews and thinks of Jesus as a messianic Alexander, ready to wipe Rome off the map. Because he has such (worldly) faith in the warrior, he himself forms a guerilla force to support Jesus, and he is surprised to say the least when he is confronted with the reality. (In keeping with 19th Century kitsch, Jesus is depicted as slender, with flowing auburn hair and a gentle face.) The final chapters are variations on familiar scenes from the New Testament, but they are well-written and lead strongly to the novel's climax. The year 2005 is the centenary of Lew Wallace's death, and what better way to acknowledge him than by reading this, the book for which he is best remembered.
0,Loved the movie, had to have a copy
0,Chris Nolan's mesmeric thriller, Memento, is a dazzlingly original piece of filmmaking the likes of which Hollywood rarely produces. Each element of the film - from the acting to the editing - is flawless, but Memento's genius is largely based on it's unique style of narrative.	Leonard Shelby (Guy Pearce) is suffering from a rare condition which has erased his short-term memory - or as he succinctly puts it, his ability to make new memories.  The film attempts  - and succeeds  - in recreating the world from Leonard's point of view. Thus, the first scene shows us what actually occurs at the end of the sequence of events that the film depicts - a polaroid of a dead man fading, then the event itself in reverse, a gun swallowing bullets, suddenly the man brought back to life. From then on we start at the beginning of a series of short scenes, each one starting where the next (previous) scene ends. In this way we are able to gain an insight into the bewildering, disorienting view of the world that Leonard is faced with, the only certainty, that his wife was brutally raped and murdered (he sustained brain damage trying to defend her) and that he must find her killer and exact vengeance. Leonard is able to make some sense of the world by writing things down, taking photographs of the people he becomes involved with, and for the really important "facts", tattooing them onto his body. Yet each time he wakes up, the only thing he remembers is that his wife is still alive, and the ways in which he is forced to realise what happened are heart-rending.	A tremendous central performance from Pearce allied to a fine supporting cast (Joe Pantoliano, Carrie Ann Moss), taut script, evocative photography and brilliantly paced direction make Memento a truly memorable film, and one you won't want to miss.
0,This is the original movie and script that later inspired the Tom Cruise ego-blast "Vanilla Sky" which is a dimly-conceived rip-off. "Abre los ojos" - Open Your Eyes is masterfully suspenseful, subtly acted and wonderfully though provoking. And yeah, it's dated now, but a very authentic slice of life in Madrid at the time.
0,This is a great show.  I loved season 1 and this was just as good. Highly recommended.  Band of Brothers is still my favorite but this is right up there.
0,GOOD NOT GREAT
0,Cool cast! Very Sci fi channelish. lol
0,Exactly as described.
0,For all you trendy new breed kids who think punk rock is Hot Topic merchandise and Blink 182 cd's you may find this movie as being nothing more but a rawkin thing to sit through with your other phony little trendy friends. For the rest of us this movie was a right of passage. Realistically depicting the youth of the 80's Reagan era punk scene in the suburbs of LA. Possibly one of the most depressing and realistic films dealing with the punk scene while SLC PUnk was just cheesy punksploitation ...this film bleeds the alienation and rebellion..the ostracism..and the violence surrounding them as the holier than thou locals hate the kids just for being different. A very personal film in my collection
0,Went in a little skeptical, thought it would come off preachy. But it is a very interesting movie, and one of the best of the year.
0,fast very good
0,Have loved Lethal Weapon since they first came out.  Happy with the collection
0,A great story, with excellent actors, and excellent cinematography.
0,movie great, but waiting for the 2nd which is better, but this original still excellent
0,extremely great movie
0,Good
0,I don't remember what made me drop this in my que to start with but the movie showed up in the mail and I popped it in.	I remembered that it was a ghost story and that's it.	Ok...		The good?	If you like slow burner ghost stories like "The Others" than you'll like this movie.	It's less a ghost story and more a war story but it's so well told, acted, directed etc...that trying to pidgeon hole the movie into one genre really doesn't do it justice.	The pacing is spot on.	The score is excellent.	The casting is perfect.	One of the best "ghost" stories I've ever seen.		The bad?	Nothing.	If you're expecting a slasher movie look elsewhere.	This movie is slow, deliberate and very effective at what it sets out to do....tell a good story.	And tell a good story it does.	Yes, it's subtitled, but please don't let that scare you away (no pun intended).	A brilliant movie that so few in mainstream America have seen or even heard of.	It's a gem.	Highest recommendations.
0,Love the Waltons
0,Though this is the only non-musical version of the thrice filmed tale, this original is my favorite. It may more than likely appear dated to some, but it is  not only a wonderful story about the price of fame, but an early record of Hollywood history. Fredric March and Janet Gaynor are wonderfully touching as the doomed couple ,"Norman Maine" and "Vicki Lester", she being the new discovery whose *star* is ascending, totally eclipsing March's descending stardom. This was my first glimpse at Janet Gaynor, and I fell in love with her. May Robson is great also as Gaynors feisty Granny, who encourages the young, unknown dreamer to follow her dreams, and is there at the end when she seems to have given up. There are many wonderful moments, as when Gaynor, as the then pre-stardom "Esther Blodgett" tries to get the attention of movie big-whigs by her impressions of then popular stars Mae West, Katherine Hepburn, and Garbo. Andy Devine (that VOICE!!) is comical as the fledgling director who befriends the naive, broke, and new to Hollywood "Esther", and sticks with her through her metamorphosis to "Vicki Lester", and her tragedy and heartache. There's also fun scenes of early Hollywood locales, like the Hollywood Bowl, and interesting behind the scenes looks at the star-making process, when a little nobody  is given everything from a new hairline to a new name. I always find myself blubbering like a fool at the films end, when Gaynor, having triumphantley come back from tragedy, delivers her final, famous line with a teary-eyed close-up. Yes, it's corny, but I'm crying not only because it's a tear-jerker, but also at the memory of all those beautiful fools of that long ago time, when there really was a place called  HOLLYWOOD.
0,How can you not love these old classic stop-motion animated stories!  No computer-generated graphics, just story-telling and a lot of imagination!
0,One of the best Masterpiece Theater productions ever.  Something I watch at least once a year.  Great performances by all involved.
0,I really liked the PBS detective series of Case Histories.	His little girl was such a sweetie!	The story lines were so involved and loved how they	were interwoven.  DB
0,very funny movie about what caveman life was like would buy again
0,Childhood classic, love it
0,a gift
0,I remember watching this with my family growing up and wanting to drive in the desert.  Simple stories, lots of action.
0,my daughter lved this one now gret grand daughter wll too.
0,The departure of not one but two series regulars is often the death knell for a television series.	When, for example, the actors who had been a staple of the brilliant British detective series "New Tricks" began leaving the show for various reasons its audience diminished despite the fact the men and women who joined the cast to replace them did very nice work.	The result: "New Tricks" lasted one final season with its completely new cast and was then cancelled.	I hope that's not the fate awaiting "Death in Paradise" because I have very much enjoyed this comedy/drama and I think its new cast is doing a very good job of bringing to life the small police force of Honore on the Caribbean island of St. Marie.	This season saw the departure of the beautiful Sara Martins, who played Sgt. Camille Bordey for the first three seasons, and Gary Carr, who played Sgt. Fidel Best. The writers - wisely, I think - did not kill either of those two characters off the way they did when Ben Miller, who played Detective Inspector Richard Poole, left the series after two seasons. The writers handled his departure in a clever way by having him, in essence, solve his own murder but that was a one-off and is not something that could be repeated. In this season's series Martins goes off to Paris to work and Carr has taken a new position with a nearby island's police force. That leaves the door open for them to reappear at some point in the future, which could make for some interesting story lines.	Season Four is notable, in my opinion, because it is more character driven than the previous three. Kris Marshall's character - Detective Inspector Humphrey Goodman - has a crush on Bordey but ultimately has to allow her to pursue her dream of going to Paris. Throughout the season he wrestles with that choice and then has to deal with the fact that she is no longer nearby. Danny John-Jules as Officer Dwayne Myers also gets an opportunity to deepen his character when two new officers join the force. A laid-back cop, Myers has provided many of the lighter touches that "Death in Paradise" has become known for over the years. This season, however, he also has an opportunity to dig a little deeper, proving that - when all is said and done - he takes the job pretty seriously.	Newcomers Josephine Jobert, as Sgt. Florence, and Tobi Bakare as Officer JP Hooper, have blended into the cast replacing Martins and Carr. The writers have consciously not made them carbon copies of their predecessors, which is a wise decision on their part. Jobert is a beautiful woman but she does not resemble Martins, who has supermodel looks. Quietly sexy, she plays her part as Sgt. Florence in a much more understated way than did Martins. Bakare, meanwhile, brings a quiet intensity to his role.	If I have a quibble with this season's episodes, it is the fact the writers have relied too often on the same formula to end each show. Each episode this season ends with a dramatic gathering of all the suspects in the case followed by Goodman's exposure of the villain. That worked well for Hercule Poirot back in the day but too much of a good thing is, well, too much.	That said, I still find this a wonderful series with great characters, an exotic locale, and very nice performances by a very good cast.	The verdict: 4.5 stars.
0,Call it a vampire film, call it a futuristic fantasy, call it a warning about elitism in society; I call it a very entertaining movie, whatever may be its various possible categorizations.	A genetic superior brand of human being evolved from among the ordinary human species. For some centuries they have lived in peace with the vast majority who possess inferior capabilities. They have justified themselves as a secret society (known to the humans) by their search for means whereby they can further the welfare of the humans. Still the majority are suspicious and often afraid of them. One among their number has (only three weeks before the incidents in the film) become affected by a disease which has turned him into a ravenous, blood sucking monster-person. His brother, who is slated for a leadership position, is set the task of bringing him in before he can do more harm to humans than he already has; meanwhile, they will not inform the humans that they know who is responsible for the brutal murders.	Many stories in our literature and, later, on screen have made variations on this theme part of our own cultural store of symbols. Nonetheless, this movie makes it work, doesn't get too pseudo-scientific or pontifical. In fact, everyone associated with the film is to be given credit for a thriller that doesn't overdo things but focuses well on its human (and inhuman) interactions. This is not a film for horror or monster film aficionados; it is a film for everyone.
0,I love this documentary. Very intimate details of Marilyn's innermost thoughts, emotions, and seeing the world through her eyes. The actors that read from her journals were brilliant. Perfectly produced and directed. I watched it twice and will most likely watch again. A must-see for any and all Marilyn fans.
0,Sparatcus is a fantastic story. I have always loved Roman times. Cast is great. Cudos to Starz!!!
0,Kids love! And it's cute.
0,there was some footage deleted, like the wedding scene at the end.otherwise it was good quality.
0,We like this set, and don't mind / prefer the edited / enhanced versions.
0,I misplaced on of the disc in this series and didn't want to re-buy all of them.  I am happy to have this one back and working great.
0,This is a great and timeless movie. Very enjoyable to watch, the acting is very good. Way to go Davy.
0,After seeing how unbelievably awesome Deadpool did in theaters, I can only assume people are as sick of whiny do gooder superheroes as me.  I still think The Flash is a good series, but Barry's so needy and so dependent on everyone around him stroking his insecure ego that by the end I was almost rooting for Zoom!  "you can do it, Barry!  Run Forrest Run!"  There's no monlogues on the nature of heroes (at least not by deadpool) and none of that No Killing bs, even for the evil supervillain who'll inevitably escape.  And did I mention there's no girlfriend constantly stroking his forehead and tucking him in at night!!  How in the living hell is this an actual character in the Marvel universe?!?  Maybe I'm all wrong about comics!  IMO, this movie was damn near perfect.  I only wish that Ryan Reynalds could lower his vocal register a hair.  I keep imagining Curly from the three stooges under the mask.
0,If you are a Tom Selleck fan you will like this dvd.
0,Human trafficking is one of those dirty not so secret crimes that proliferate across the world. The very sleaziness of the topic also unfortunatly tends to rub off on films that dramatize it. Mira Sorvino has twice played an anti-trafficking agent, once in TRAFFICKING and once again in TRADE OF INNOCENTS. In this latter film she is married to Dermot Mulroney, an American free-lancer living in Cambodia, both of whom are determined to cut into the vicious trading of child prostitution. One of the reviewers saw the film as more sleaze itself than as an honest look at a world wide problem. TRADE OF INNOCENTS is far more than a slimmed down TV movie of the weak. It shows much of the drama from the vantage of those most involved: the victims, the pedophiles, and the pimps. Into this mix comes Mira Sorvino, whose own child was kidnapped years earlier, thus giving her the needed emotional resonance to fight on to save other children. Actor John Billingsley (from Star Trek Enterprise) plays against type as a leering pedophile. In a film filled with many moments of power, one stood out. Dermot Mulroney is trying to ascertain if the local police would be willing to stamp out the trade even if it means cutting into the flow of incoming tourist dollars. The local police captain is openly scornful of Mulroney's ability to make a dent. Mulroney responds by noting that all grand movements begin with a dent. TRADE OF INNOCENTS may be dramatically gimmicked up but once you get involved, the only gimmick is to measure how much of humanity remains in your soul.
0,This movie works on all levels for me:  script, acting, editing, tension.  I was especially impressed by the performance of Melusine, who creates a completely believable character, while acting with poise and nuance that I wouldn't have thought possible at her age.  I felt all through the movie that the filmmakers were treating their characters and their subject matter with dignity and compassion--this was an aspect of WWII with which I had been only passingly familiar, and I'm glad that I learned about it this way.  I'm very glad that French filmmakers made this--Hollywood would have tried to wrap it all up in a neat little package with a "satisfying" ending that resolved all of the conflicts of all of the characters, and they wouldn't have allowed so much to go unsaid that truly needs to go unsaid.  We don't need to know why someone doesn't want to talk of why the main character flies to New York--there are enough clues in the movie so that we can figure it out ourselves; besides, often people in real life do things we don't expect or things that surprise us.		This was a very emotional journey that doesn't manipulate our emotions, and a tense drama that kept me riveted the entire time.  Likeable characters who do the best they can during difficult times and a difficult subject make for one of the better films that I've seen in a while.
0,True to form for Johnny Depp, enjoyed it immensely!
0,I have a lot of Leslie Sansone's DVDs, each I like for different reasons, but this one is fast paced and my all time favoutie.
0,Unexpectedly intriging!  Always have liked the works of Nicholas Cage and John Cusack and their personalities that they bring to the characters in The Frozen Ground awesomely tells this story.
0,This movie was a joy to watch. Clean images, fairly nice colour. You can see it just begged to be made into a musical.	Very enjoyable. Very pleasing for my whole family.
0,This is a very cute story about a young girl who is looking to help her father.  I've always enjoyed this cartoon and will definitely watch it again.  Mulan is always getting into trouble but has good intentions,  her little side kick dragon really makes the show enjoyable.  I've watched it many times with my kids and everything down to the music is entertaining!
0,Great product!
0,This is the first of the start of the last two seasons they both start on working vacations  but this one starts in Salem and it was in actual Salem So it was interesting to see how they did that with all the special effects  that are involved with that series.  They had great Guest stars such as Ron Massak (Who would later become Sherriff Metsger in Murder, she wrote ) and Don Marshall ( Dan From Land of The Giants ) on a special Christmas episode which a group of students wrote .		So if you enjoyed the first 6 seasons then you will enjoy this season and it is a must for every Bewitched Fan
0,Great Series
0,This movie turned out to be better than I thought it would. It was a lot of fun! I would highly recommend this movie for those who like quirky romantic movies.
0,As another reviewer said... 'Because Kurt Russell'... if you are a Kurt Russell fan, just rent it!  Right now!  I really didn't know what to expect from this, and so I just watched it and it unfolded in unexpected ways.  First of all, with most modern day westerns, you are used to more rough and tumble action scenes, but those always seemed to me, to not be normal.  Is that how real people in a real outpost town would react?  I really loved how this movie showed how real people, living in that time and place, probably would have acted.  They were formal, they apologized when they were out of line... not what you see in Hollywood Westerns, but likely what was true for the day.  But as the story wears on, it begins to be familiar... where have I heard this story before?  Ahh... one of the oldest stories on the planet... Beowulf!  Aptly done, and I've never seen it done as a Western, so, props all around!
0,Depicts world of combat in under 10 minutes.  Very informative and inspiring.  I hope all agrees this one is the winner!
0,We actually enjoyed this movie! Good movie for Tweens. Good movie for the whole family! We recommend the movie for family viewing.
0,Went into this blind as was not disappointed.  Great action scenes and a good, if not predictable, storyline.  Don't miss it is you're a fan of asian cinema.
0,I am a huge fan.
0,A GREAT series which I'm going to miss after finishing.  Where has Patricia Arquette been all of my life?  She fits in this role so perfectly and did a truly masterful job.  And 'Joe' is just as great.  What a nice family!  Don't miss this series.
0,When I saw The Who perform here in Seattle back in their heyday, they were unquestionably one of the top live rock groups on the scene. By the time they played a benefit for Kampuchia (1979?) and their 1982 "Farewell Tour", they had devolved into a mere shadow of their former selves, going though the motions, looking tired and uninspired. I remember remarking that the song "My Generation" with the lyrics "Hope I die before I get old" were conspicuously missing from those final tours.	Now, all these years later, after reading rave reviews of this Albert Hall 2000 DVD, I bought a copy, and was floored. From Pete Townsend's opening chords of "I Can't Explain" it was as if the Who magically recaptured the power,intensity and stage presence they had thirty years ago. Songs like "Relay" "My Wife" "Magic Bus" "Bargain" "5:15" are played as well as I've ever heard them. In fact, I can't think of another rock band formed in the past 25 years that can touch these guys' energy even though Townsend, Daltrey and Entwistle are pushing 60. The younger members of the band, Zac Starkey on drums and John Bundrick on keyboards fit right in, excellent musicians.	I recognize that this was a benefit show, and these often involve special guests. However, the Who is such a great band that the appearance of guests only subtracts from the show in my opinion. One exception is violinist extraordinaire Nigel Kennedy who does a great job on Baba O'Reilley, and on another positive note, at least Phil Collins (the usual benefit guest) wasn't invited.	The frosting on the cake is that the show is impeccably filmed (although I agree with another reviewer that the edits every 3 seconds is too much) and the sound is first rate. This is what DVD is all about.
0,Enjoyed the twist in the movie.  had no idea though how it really ended...still got questions.
0,Great movie told from a modern viewpoint.
0,GREAT PURCHASE  ,		EXTREMELY PROMPT  DELIVERY  ,		 I AM  VERY PLEASED.		 THANK YOU !
0,This is the best Bond since Sean Connery. I liked it a lot. Classic bond movie, with modern effects. Way better than te previous craig movies of bond
0,A really cheesy horror movie.  It is so bad that it is good, if that makes any sense to anyone.
0,Great cast and story line. Characters that draw you in to love or hate, but care about anyway
0,Good movie
0,As for history, there are no substitutes for getting the sources yourself and drawing your own conclusions. But Ken Burns is a master at his craft and delivers.
0,I'm not going to review the actual movie Band of Brothers....I think everyone has.	Through the reviews you can gather, it is one of the most well scripted and acted movies ...hey Spielberg and Hanks?...can't go wrong. This is a movie that requires multiple viewings to truly appreciate and under the friendship between young men thrown together through war.		I'm reviewing the Band of Brothers UK Bluray.  The movie itself was the same as the US version.  There were differences in the menu selections, but nothing affecting the movie itself.  I have to say I got it from BluFlicks and they were fantastic!!!! Arrived on time and well packaged...I'd buy from them again and consider saving $30 dollars to get the UK version of a movie.
0,Savall may be today's grand guru of the "historically aware" musical production scene, and conducts here a recent, indeed sumptuous production of this masterwork from Barcelona's Liceo opera house. The theatre was ravaged by a fire some years ago  and has been recontructed magnificently. Savall makes use of his catalonian forces one frequently encounters in his recordings and they rise magnificently to the occasion, producing a scholarly and thoroughly convincing, from the philological perspective, rendering. His singers are a varied lot. Montserrat Figueras, Mrs Savall in real life, opens up the proceedings as a very convincing La Musica, if somewhat over-acted. The Orfeo, a singer I face up for the first time (Furio Zanasi), gives a beatifully vocalised Orfeo that is utterly wanting on the acting side, apparently being more concerned with an impeccable mastering of the work's vocal intricacies than in projecting his character on stage in a convincing manner; the "possente spirto" passage is precious, though. The Euridice is given nepotically to Savall and Figueras's young daughter Arianna, who is not very convincing as the unfortunate girl that prompts Orfeo's rescue excursion into hell. She has a likeable voice but has still to develop her skills; in my view, there are in the market far better candidates for the rle Savall might have chosen. The jewel in the crown is the Messenger, soprano Sara Mingardo, ravishingly poignant when bringing the news of Euridice's death, her voice soaring all over the vast venue and superbly acted. The supporting rles are well cast and sung, and the Act 1 dancers do their fare effectively. The production by flemish rgisseur Gilbert Deflo is, as I said in the introductory sentences, luxurious and all-encompassing and resembles a similar one that Spanish TV (TVE) broadcast by satellite to the world in 2000 from Madrid's Royal Theatre that I don't recall if is also his; in Barcelona it surprises you from its very beginning as Savall's enters from the back of the stalls, period-dressed and deliberately walking towards the pit to impetuously launch the proceedings, with musicians in charge of the famous opening fanfare distributed in various places in the hall and balconies.	Sound quality has the spectacularity one has grown to expect from this source.
0,Awesome drama!  Very romantic, lots of funny moments and interesting plot. Lee Min Ho and and Jun Ji Hyun make beautiful couple.
0,Great show.
0,I NEVER KNEWV OF THE LIFE OF ANY POPE BEFORE THEY BECAME POPE. THIS IS A GREAT MOVIE	I HIGHLY RECOMMEND TO EVERYONE
0,This cast works.  Unfortunately, I think thier show is more accurate as to the way the courts really work.  It's a great show.  Can't wait for the next season on dvd.
0,Sony have a done a magnificent job bringing Quark to DVD. The quality is superb as it the cover art. Every episode is a gem. My wife loves All The Emperor's Quasi Norms, she still laughs out loud when Ficus and Joan Van Ark are 'pollinating'. She also loves Tim Thomerson's portrayal of Jean/Gene. It would have been nice to hear from Buck Henry and the surviving cast members, but I'm not complaining. "The Galaxy Ad Infinitum"	Those minisodes of Jeannie and Fantasy Island are amazing. Very clever idea, an entire one hour show condensed to five minutes and still entertaining!
0,If someone had simply described this series to me, I might not have watched it, but I DID accidentally tune in to the first show and was HOOKED! I've only gotten to see the first three episodes, so I'm looking forward to seeing the complete series when the DVD set is released.		I wish they would have left out the use of the tobacco drug, but otherwise, a real hoot of a show. If someone isn't interested in the series when you explain it to her or him, just mention the A-list of stars!
0,The movie opens with the McIntyre murders, a black and white scene of a guy killing his family, then himself. 20 years later the house becomes a scene for a reality show where contestants must spend the night in the house equipped with sound (screams) and cameras. The characters entertain us with some "good" cheesy dialouge. The contest takes place on Halloween night with live streaming. In order to get viewers, they add a porn star to the group. The group includes two rival football players and their girlfriends along with a lesbian who is paired up with the porn star.		The couples initially hold a seance lead by Daphne Ciccarelle who dabbles in the occult...now it is a matter of who lives and dies and whatever plot twists they can come up with.		I liked the overall "B" movie quality to this film. While it isn't anything new to the horror film genre, I enjoy rip off movies that are done well with characters and dialouge.		Sex, nudity (cutie Anne McDaniels, Krista Grotte)
0,still funny as ever price was good and quality is ok
0,Great story. Interesting difference from the original.
0,Just got done watching this Friday night and I say it was worth having this to your horror collection Danielle Harris really went all out on this go out and get this won't be disappointed
0,Annie and Haley are identical twins. Only they don't know it. They both meet at a summer camp and at first they do not get along. Then they are forced top live together and that is when they find out that they are twins.		After they find out that they are twins, they hatch a plan to get their divorced parents back together. Annie pretends to be Haley and goes back to California and her father Nick, only their is a surprise Merdith, Nick's fience.		Haley then goes back to London and gets to spend time with the mother she never knew. After a few days she gets a call from Annie telling her to come to California A.S.A.P. because of the Nick-Merdith situation. Several days later Haley and Elizabeth go to California and meet up with Annie and Nick so that the two can switch twins, only Annie and Haley have a different plan. They want to go camping with both parents,m but that plan gets changed when Merdith goes instead.  The girls play pranks on Merdith and the camping trip  gets cut short which leads to Nick and Elizabeth to resume those former feelings.
0,If you've seen the wonderful book, with page after page of extraordinary, stylish women, the documentary is a bit on the thin side. Obviously some of the great looking women in the book didn't want to be filmed, or weren't asked, which is a pity, because the film would have had more depth if most of the women in it weren't quite so eccentric. It's charming, and ultimately very touching, but when some of the women on the page, leap onto the screen, a touch of the fairy dust disappears. My guess would be that individually, many of them thought this up close and personal approach might burst the fragile bubble. But whatever you think of them individually - as a group, they all get ten out of ten. It could easily have been a good twenty minutes or more longer, and even more interesting if there were more women featured with the variable taste that made the book such fun.
0,Good flick.. enjoyed!
0,This movie was hysterical!!  If you like Melissa McCarthy, you will love her in this movie.  There is some raunchy and vulgar words used, so not suitable for children under 14.  Jude Law was great as well as all the other actors.  Rent it if you want to have a good hearty laugh!  We weren't able to rent it in HD, so our movie was not so clean and crisp, that is my only complaint.
0,What must it have been like in the mid-1800's homesteading the Canadian plains for a young woman in a marriage of convenience to a brutish husband, when the accents mingled curiously? I think I have acquired a sense of that because of the authentic texture the film-makers gave to this frontier setting.		The story is presented in the form of a mystery, altho the resolution is pretty easy to anticipate. It's the characters and situations we meet along the way, their interaction, their sensibilities, that move the story. But at a languid pace, like the times--when commuting was measured in hours and days.		The resilient young woman is at the center of two plots and her determination is made plausible by the immensely talented Caroline Dhavernas, and palatable with her offbeat beauty and lovely French-Canadian accent. The other actors acquit themselves well, even the normally amateurish Brendan Fehr. But only the direction (by Anne Wheeler) and photography contribute as much as Dhavernas does.		Not a great film, but fascinating if you want atmosphere, and a glimpse of a different era, and plenty of glimpses of a nude Dhavernas.
0,No Problems! Fast Delivery! A++++
0,Love the beautiful filming, acting and story
0,Great movie
0,Very good, lots of action? Some violence but no profanity.  Good for most kids 4 and up...IMHO.
0,Very entertaining!  Loved the show, looking forward to season 2.
0,Season 4 will always be known as the season when Scully got cancer. I forgot how depressing it was, or maybe it was just watching them back to back that made it worse. But the affection between Mulder and Scully is at an all time high, and "Momento Mori" shows that well. Of course, it's a classic and a favortie among fans for good reason. I've always wondered. . . . was Mulder's quest to help Scully over guilt or his love for her? I've always thought he may have felt guilt because the "truth" was supposed to be his personal quest.		Some of the stand alones were great. "Home" is pretty horrific, and "Leonard Betts" is also a scary one. Of course, there are the requisite bad ones like "Teliko." *yawn* A lot of people say "The Field Where I Died" is one of the worst, and I agree that the storyline is weak. But the acting by David Duchovny was the real story. I've never seen him better. "Small Potatoes" is one the best humor epidoes of the series. "Never Again" wasn't a great story, but I think it functioned more for Scully to question her reasons for staying with Mulder. For whatever reason, I've also always like "Unruhe."		As for the special features, it's ridiculous that they are three times as much as the regular disk set. It's only one more disk. I enjoyed the commentary tracks the most, but I'd say you need to be a pretty hardcore fan to pay this much money for the extras.
0,Love this edition. The niffler statue is greatly detailed and looks as if there's an actual miniature niffler on my entertainment stand lol
0,There is an amazing scene in Kundun, where the Dalai Lama is leaving Tibet, getting into a boat that will commence his journey to refuge in India. The moon has backlit an impressive mountain range, beyond the  water's edge, and there are still stars visible in the sky.  As the boat  drifts off, it looks like the Dalia Lama is floating into the stars beyond  the mountains. This is one of many incredible images in this riviting  film.	 I give Scorcese credit for using Tibetan actors (who turn out to  be superb), and paying such meticulous attention to detail and visual  imagery. My only concern is that the director has such reverence for the  central character of this film, that he becomes somewhat distant -- a  larger than life figure who is simply beyond the mortal lives that the rest  of us live.  Yet I have read that the Dalai Lama is anything but aloof to  people around him -- full of humanity and with both feet planted solidly on  the ground.	 Even so, this is a magnificent film, and it has a strong  political message.  After viewing it, one will be inspired to take the  "next steps" and do such things as register protest with U.S.  foreign policy that turns its head from the atrocities still going on in  Tibet.  Another step is to practice peaceful and harmonious living with  those who are close by.  Surely, a movie that inspires us to do such things  is... GREAT.
0,It;s the next generation cast with aunique , pretty cool story.  I think if u r a fan u will like this one!
0,Great Movie!
0,If you are like me overweight and looking for a workout that isn't one that is high impact that will make you so sore you can hardly walk the next day. I recommend this dvd its very low impact and its a good start to your day. One suggestion though get the yoga equipment that goes with it makes it a whole lot easier to do the excerises. This is a great dvd if you want to lose weight without injury I recommend it highly.
0,good movie
0,a good movie, but hot great movie
0,Great product and fast shipping!	Couldn't be happier.
0,Excellent DVD set to add to your collection. The quality is perfect! With plenty of features and great graphics it only adds to this already perfect collection. No need to go into my thoughts on the various movies in this set. Regardless of whether one was better than another is really pointless at this time. Im quite sure the movie sales spoke for themselves and the executives know where they made their mistakes. But lets face it one thing they did do with great precision was to keep Siquorney Weaver in all 4. Without her I probably would have called it quits after the first 2. If you cant get the original stars back in a movie then move on to something else, its just not the same without the original actor.. Death being the exception of course :). Dont change the recipe if everyone loved it the way it was.
0,I thought the movie was really good.  Keeps you guessing and didn't dissappoint.  Worth the time to see and should be a part of any library.
0,Good entertainment - but it gets "old" with too many viewings
0,I did fall asleep twice while watching this rather long, almost 2 hour, presentation. But the content is good, though the talking PhD heads leave a little to be desired, I thought. The animations and the use of live actors helped bring the theories alive, though I've seen more realistic computer graphics. If you are intrigued by this sort of thing, you'd do well to grab this out of your local library, as I did.
0,Super funny movie! My children and I had a blast watching this one!
0,I found it to be a very intriguing . I certainly didn't expect the twist this movie took.  Excellent acting too.
0,Standard movie runtime has been universally accepted at 90 to 120 minutes. Expand beyond that and you better give up the goods -- robots, or war, or time travel, or stories of unrequited transdimensional love triangles. But a 237 minute movie about the art of upskirt photography? Now that's bold. Such is the case with Love Exposure, a 2008 film by Sion Sono that has charming topics like lust, religion, and coming of age in a world where being a panty shot photographer is a normal thing. The film has had a long run of success at festivals, but its odd topic and story have kept it from reaching any audience in America -- until now. It is now on dvd and I would urge everybody to rent this film.
0,Fun and scary to think men would want this
0,When I go to see a movie, I either go to be entertained, or to learn something.  I don't want to sit and analise a movie through and through, so I'm not going to write about the direction or the score or stuff like that.		I believe this to be very close to the truth (there were a few differences from what I can remember about what I learnt of this topic in history).  Several teams were sent within Europe for revenge killings, but anyway ... Eric Bana was excellent in this.  His accent was down perfectly, and you could see he was a conflicted guy.  He was glad to get revenge, but yet he did things he thought were beyond him as a human being and he worried for his family.  The determination in his eyes was obvious but there was sadness too.  When he heard his baby on the phone for the first time and he broke down, that was heart-wrenching.		Overall, this is a fantastic movie that doesn't go into major depth about the actual Munich games themselves, but the aftermath of Israel making those responsable pay.  From the real footage of coverage on news tv (with Peter Jennings voice) to the final scene, I really enjoyed this great movie and I barely noticed that it was in fact 2 hours and 40 something minutes.  I highly recommend this.
0,A great fairytale!  Another movie that grabs you right away and moves right along.
0,Kodos to the entire cast and crew on this well done romance. Just really sweet. Angela and Tennille have grown up together not realizing till adulthood, that they are made for each other. A true heart romance with great performances from all the cast. Milon Parker is really growing in her filmmaking and this film really shows that. Great cinematography, soundtrack and storyline. Enjoy!
0,Great Danny Trejo vehicle!!
0,I renetd this from Net Flix & just had to have it.  I thoroughly Enjoyed this Film.  It gave me New Insights into his Tramatic Life.  I would recommend it to anyone.
0,,,, Truer than Melancholia. Melancholia was ridiculous because they just died and that was it. No spiritual realm , no afterlife (which is proven), and no God or heaven. I loved Steve's character's outlook on the end of life. He knew there was more... because there is. There simply IS.
0,Good
0,Perfect... Thanks!
0,A great movie.  And, Julia Roberts is fabulous as always.  You'll enjoy it I'm sure.
0,I've seen this movie 50 times!  I still love it.  I think I know it by heart at this point.
0,There is Red Foxx, Richard Pryor, Chris Rock and others, BUT, there is only ONE Eddie Murphy, and this tape is evidence of that. This was long before political correctness and all of the other blocks society has imposed on us who enjoy a hearty, uninhibited and jubilant laugh.		If I could give this 20 stars, I would. I first remember seeing this when I was in the military back in '84, and we all gathered in a friend's room, beers in hand, and laughed our a**es off. I laughed so hard my midsection was sore for a day or so. In fact, I can't even remember how many times I have seen this. There is just something about Murphy that sets him apart from all other comedians that makes him the genius he is. Now, hopefully they will do this film the justice it deserves and put it on a special DVD edition. It is a disgrace that this is still on VHS after all of these years. I will definitely get a copy nonetheless, be it VHS or DVD whenever that happens. If you haven't seen this, you have cheated yourself royally!
0,This set completes my EMERGENCY! series collection. And I really don't recall any of these 90 minute TV movies that are in this set. I'm sure they were shown but for whatever reason they're all new to me.	If you liked or have the 6 seasons of the series you have to get this series ending set. And while yes the tech doesn't hold up by modern standards, it is overall a good series, very watchable that has even gotten younger kids hooked on it after a few episodes!
0,This workout is real world for seniors. I like it. My body is getting stronger and limber. I am 65 and over weight and is not ready to kill over doing exercise not meant for me. I take rest period when needed.	 Even 10 minutes of this is helping me. My weight is slowly decreasing (avoiding the scales as much as possible) and my muscles are getting stronger. I highly recommend it.
0,good good movie.
0,I thought this movie was funny as hell. The movie kept me laughing and I love Cedric anyway.
0,It's amazing how relevant all this is over a decade after it first aired.  The acting and writing is top notch and the stories still interesting.  It's a pleasure to be able to revisit this old friend again.
0,Far from "24".... but she is so sweet and cute.  I can't resist her.  Good supporting cast!
0,interesting to watch
0,This was a great movies. Never heard of it until I scrolled thru Amazon's list of Black movies. I enjoyed all of it, nothing wrong; no overplayed roles.		The movie showed how 2 people can love in truth and in honest.  When you are in love, it does not pay to bring old baggage and past mistakes into a new marriage in 'SECRET'.		You must tell of all your baggage that you know will cause a problem with your new spouse, especially if it had something to do with a close friend of your spouse. You can't keep that a secret because one day, it will slip out. The bridegroom's secret ate him up inside all the way to the altar saying his I DOs before he had the nerve to tell his bride-to-be, his secret.		For a while it looked like no wedding was going to take place, but his love for her, prayer, explanations of what happened, and the pastor praying with both of them, brought them through.  Forgiveness is powerful and healing only if you have the GUTS to CONFESS YOUR SINS, AND THE GUTS TO FORGIVE A LOVE ONE.		Many forget that "what is done in the dark will come to the light'. God promised that and it will happen, so if you don't want to destroy your relationships or marriages, tell it all. Especially, if it involves many men or women, or a best friend. Those kinds of situations are too close not to tell.		Even if you men had a lot of women, you still need to confess that, even without calling names, unless it is someone who you are still friends with now. That has to stop.  Same with you women. SO, LETS ALL BE GUILT FREE IN OUR RELATIONSHIPS AND BE FREE TO HAVE AND LIVE A WONDERFUL LOVE FILLED LIFE.		I can't believe I saw this great movie for $1.99.  Beats Comcast any day.	I love Amazon's new Instant Video. I've seen so many movies that I never heard of.		THANKS AMAZON. I'M HOOKED ON YOU!!! LOL
0,Greatest movies of all time.  I love finally having the whole set in a format that I won't constantly have to be updating.  Plus I got it at a great price.
0,I use some of the lines from this movie every day! Love Dolly Parton. Timeless lady; she's a real life straight talker doing terrific things for people on and off the stage.
0,Always great.  Interesting and short.
0,I totally was expecting a subpar adaptation of the excellent anime series (first manga) DEATH NOTE, which, for those unfamiliar with the storyline, involves the vigilante-justice use of a death god's notebook by a brilliant student, and his self-corruption while using it as he tries to evade justice in the hounding form of a sugar-addict Gothy detective genius.		The anime was loads of fun, with cool music and excellent visuals. The manga was fun. And, hoorah, the film is terrific. I was not disappointed (except for the fact that there is an especially spoiled boy quality in the face/manner of the actor who plays Light Yagami, the death note wielder, that I found particularly annoying in spots, and effective in others.)		The story is told across two DVDs (this is the first part of the total story, which deviates in places from the other tellings). This one shows how Light Yagami obtains the notebook from the death god (shinigami) Ryuk (or Ryuuk or Ryuku, as I've seen various spellings). Ryuk is a blast to look at in all the media, and works really well in the film while still retaining his weirdness (especially the face). REM is also effectively rendered, btw, in the second dvd/flick. The young actor who portrays L is delightful in his portrayal of the unusual mannerismss and broody but low-key playful demeanor of the brilliant (and somewhat ruthless) detective who hides his name from Light. Were I a teen, I'd have a massive-crazy crush on him and his ruminative, sweets-loving self. As a middle-aged woman, I allow myself a minor crush. :)		The action moves at a good pace and the increasingly tense challenges that L and Light offer to each other are fun to watch--even knowing where the story goes. The two young actors work well against each other.		Be sure to see the conclusion in the second flick. It's equally enjoyable and resolves beautifully (and differently from the anime). I ordered the third live-action film (not part of the original storyline) just to see L again, despite the less than wonderful reviews. You can probably skip the third, but do not miss this one and the follow-up, DEATH NOTE II: The Last Word. I do not think  you will be disappointed, be you a fan of the characters/story or a total newbie to Death Note.		Mir
0,Great movie!  Acting is A+, and keeps you entertained throughout.  It is in B&W, but that seems to make it better.  This is a really cut down entertaining view of Hank's short life in Country Music.  I am surprised this isn't shown more on Cable TV, but if you want to see it you pretty much have to purchase the DVD.
0,This was an excellent movie on VHS tape.  The story is about a Railroad Corporation forgetting about all the people it affected by closing down the railroad and going to Air Freight.  This happens all the time by companies who out source it's products overseas thus ruining the economy of small towns and it's people.
0,Loved this series.  I cannot wait till season 3 is released.  Great script, great cast of characters.  Much better than most American stuff.
0,Great show! They don't make them like this anymore.
0,Real good movie.
0,How could you not like a princess that kicks ass? go a long with adventure, humorous sidekicks, evil that needs fighting and the path to adventure once again.
0,What needs to be said!!
0,I appear in episodes of this series and was delighted at the quality of the shows.  Thanks.		Marianne Muellerleile, spouse of JT Norris
0,Very good show. Edge of the chair show
0,The Reagan family grows on you with the possible exception of Danny. The stories are timely if a little sanctimonious.
0,best collection ever
0,my family just loves amazon my sister's go on it every time I put looney tunes on my birthday wish list
0,Great movie
0,This is a great movie that kept me guessing to the end.  That doesn't happen often for me and is always a pleasant surprise.		It's got a great story and great acting.  I can't recommend this enough!
0,Did not buy this for the story. Like the action. Good effects.
0,The Hardy Boyz are without a doubt one of the most popular tag teams amongst this generation of wrestling fans.  They've had a lot of ups & downs throughout both in the ring with their tag & solo careers along with out of the ring in their personal lives.  Most of this is story is now told in this two disc set with each disc dedicated to each brother & telling their own story.  Now keep in mind that I haven't seen the "Leap Of Faith" DVD that WWF released in 2001 along with their "Ultimate Insiders" shoot interviews as well so I'm just making my review off of what I saw here.		Matt's documentry stars off with the story behing their mother dying when him & Jeff were young before leading into how WrestleMania IV effected their feelings towards wrestilng.  The story of them wanting a trampoline, starting their own backyard promotion as kids in the TWF, and how that evolved into the ECWF is up next with Matt talking about all the jobs he did such as promoting, creating ring outfits, and getting sponsors.  The OMEGA promotion is talked about next with how that founded such talent as Gregory Helms, Shannon Moore, and Joey Matthews a.k.a. Mercury from MNM.  The story behind their move onto WWE has jobbers & how that lead into a fulltime contract is profiled next before moving onto the impact Michael Hayes had in establishing the Hardy Boyz team & their eventual tag team title victory.  Their famous No Mercy ladder match is discussed next along with the impact it had on their careers & evolution into the Tables & Ladders & Chairs matches.  Lita's involvement into Team Xtreme is touched upon before talking about the reasons behind breaking up the team, going solo with the Mattitude/Version 1 character, and the comedic involvement of his "MF'er" Shannon Moore.  The story behind Lita's return to the ring & Matt moving over to RAW before starting the Kane feud & Matt getting injured is talked about next before the selling point of this DVD (at least according to the commercials) is talked about.  The story behind how Matt found out about Lita cheating him with Edge along with Matt getting released is talked about next with highlights of the Byte This episode with Lita in the studio & Matt on the phone being shown while Edge gives his thoughts.  How Matt got rehired along with the feud they had together is shown via highlights from their RAW street fight & Unforgiven cage match featuring that legdrop Matt gave off the top of the cage.  The reunion of the Hardy Boyz & winning the tag team titles once again is talked about before closing the documentry out on the story behind the feud with M.V.P. & all the entertaining challenges they did for weeks on SmackDown.		Jeff's documentry kicks off by talking about how his mother died from cancer before moving on to Jeff's involvement in the TWF & all his various characters he used.  How the Hardy's would train themselves by studing the moves they saw on TV & how he got his foot in the door at WWE at the age of 16 was brought up next with highlights of his debut match against Razor Ramon.  The odd jobs Matt & Jeff did such as be the door openers for the King Of The Ring PPV & carrying King Mabel on his thrown to the ring is talked about next.  Jeff's "Imag-I-Nation" playground is talked about next highlighted by his motocross track and various artwork such as alumnimummy structures, paintings, tattoo's, and his body paintings followed by Jeff's high risk/daredevil style of wrestling being talked about next with Jeff admitting that he's never needed surgery for anything he's done in the ring over all these years.  His single's run & winning the Intercontinental Title from Triple H (the youngest I.C. champion by the way) is talked about & with later talking about the story behind his Ladder Match with Undertaker on RAW.  Jeff Hardy's music & how he came up with the name of his band Peroxywhy?gen (that's not a typo) is talked about next before moving on to his burnout from the wrestling business, his involvement with drugs, and being eventually released was talked about.  His time away, getting the wrestling itch again, and the road back to the WWE (including mentioning TNA by name), and coming back to WWE & getting involved with Edge on his first night close out this documentry.		Extras include Matt Hardy's WCW Amature Challenge contest video along with a story of the effect his video had on a WCW tag team, a tour of Matt's house, a story of Matt starting a fire in the woods as a kid, the Hardy's talking about their pet dogs, and a music video to Jeff Hardy's own song "Old Grow."  Hidden extras include Matt Hardy talking about his short SmackDown feud against Undertaker, Jeff's ultimate goal for his alumnimummy creations, a story behind how Jeff wrecked his studio, and a toast with the "Core Group."		Matches Include:	No DQ/No Count Out Match vs. Kane - This started out with a brawl on the floor with even the TV monitors getting involved in the first few minutes.  Eventhough Matt got a few punches in here & there, it was mostly about Kane just overpowering Hardy before pregnant Lita came out & caused a distraction for Matt to get the upset.	Vengeance '04		Steel Cage Match vs. Edge - This was without a doubt the best match in this feud that was without a doubt one of the top news stories of the year.  This was mostly just a brawl between both men with some crazy spots like Edge's powerbomb off the ropes, when the crowd erupted when Edge got tired into ropes, Matt finally getting his hands on Lita, and the highlight reel of Hardy's legrop from the top of the cage before getting the victory.	Unforgiven '05		Tables Match: Hardy Boyz vs. The Dudley Boyz - This was the first tables match in WWF history. Man, did these two put on a show here as both teams did a great showing & with the way these teams were put through those tables...it was something to see at the time.  Look out for Jeff Hardy, as usual, being a daredevil at the end.	Royal Rumble '00		Jeff Hardy vs. Intercontinental Champion Triple H - The match went non-stop as Hardy was just using his quick "daredevil" offense in the opening minutes while Triple H was real intense throughout the match as well with the suprize being that Jeff Hardy winning the Intercontinental Title.	SmackDown! Apr. 01	(Also available on the "WWF Action" DVD)		Steel Cage Match: Intercontinental Champion Jeff Hardy vs. Johnny Nitro - This cage match was similar to the Bret Hart vs. Owen Hart match in which they didn't turn it into a bloody massacre but did good wrestling inside the cage. If you've seen their previous matches, you know this will not disappoint but the ending was something unique for a cage match.	New Years Revolution '07		World Tag Team Champions The Hardys vs. Lance Cade & Trevor Murdoch - A rematch from the previous month at Backlash with J.B.L. & Michael Cole calling the match for some reason (since Matt's the only one on SmackDown). This tag match & storyline itself was very similar ot the Eddie Guerrero/Batista one from back in 2005 where the heels were trying to play by the rules & not cheat. It was a good tag team match but to me, was a step down from their Backlash match the previous month. Besides seeing Trevor Murdock pull off the Canadian Destroyer, there really wasn't anything memorable here eventhough it was a solid contest. This was the match of the night for that PPV.	Judgment Day '07		Winner gets WWE Championship Title Shot At Royal Rumble: Jeff Hardy vs. Triple H - This was all about Triple H making Jeff Hardy step his game up as the beginning had Hardy hold back a punch before Triple H slapped him & yelled for Hardy to "FIGHT ME!" before Hardy returned the slap to Triple H. From here, they went back & forth with each other with Triple H getting more aggressive every time it looked like Hardy would make a comeback. Great match that served it's purpose in elevating Hardy to the main event.	Armageddon '07		Other matches include two matches with Matt Hardy vs. Joey Mercury & Mr. Kennedy, two matches with Jeff Hardy vs. Shelton Benjamin & a steel cage match vs. Umaga, and a match from the OMEGA promotion with Matt & Jeff vs. Gregory Helms' team of the Serial Thrillaz with alternative commentary.		In the end, I'll give WWE credit for making both documentries somewhat different in how they didn't repeat a bunch of information in regards to both men.  I heavily enjoyed Matt's documentry & it made me gain respect for him even more as far as how much he loves the wrestling business & has taken on so many task in & out the ring along with his heavy dedication to the sport that I agree with, is always overlooked by Jeff's more "colorful" personality & daredevil ring style plus I like that they didn't make the whole Edge/Matt/Lita thing such a huge detail as that isn't the only important thing that's happened in Matt's career.  The only things I can say on Matt's documentry that's a negative is that Lita should have been interviewed as well since he was an important part of some of the subjects involved (she said her on MySpace that she wasn't asked to be interviewed).  Jeff's documentry (which was under an hour) however I felt was just there & didn't really do anything for me as it focused more on his life outside of wrestling than anything else.  They could have at least talked about the feud with Nitro that led to a feud between MNM & the Hardys that spread across all three brands for months.  And I also felt that eventhough some of these matches are good on here, for this being the first Hardy Boyz DVD in 7 years, and now in retrospect with Jeff Hardy already striking out twice on the Wellness Policy, unless WWE plans on pushing Matt Hardy to the moon (which I don't see) then this could be the last Hardy Boyz DVD we ever see so I felt that a bunch of rare matches could have been put on here instead of some of the random "nothing special" matches put on here that would have been more bang for the buck.  Matches like either the steel cage or ladder matche from RAW against Edge & Christian, the I.C./European Unification Ladder Match between Jeff & RVD, a match from the Matt Hardy/Gregory Helms feud, or the Hardyz vs. MNM match from the ECW PPV which I concider a modern day "classic."  In the end, what was lacking in matches on Matt's disc was made up by the good documentry & extras while what Jeff's lacked in the documentry was made up for by the matches on his disc so I recommend.
0,Great, just what I was looking for.
0,This is one of my favorite movies ever.  I adore Christopher Plummer and Gregory Peck, both of whom deliver an outstanding performance in this movie.  I think it should be shown in History classes because it shows the fortitude of the Vatican during some incredibly tumultuous days.  Even if you are not Catholic, it is still an inspiring movie that shows the goodness of people and how far people are willing to go to defend the rights of others.  It's an older movie so there is not much of the Hollywood glitz, but a great message to be gleaned by all.
0,This was quite a biblical/history lesson.  I was familiar with a lot of this, but it was well worth my time to watch it.  I always thought the False Prophet was the pope, as a lot of people do (and have not changed that opinion yet).  While I don't completely buy into everything offered in this film, he certainly does a great job selling it..  Great presentation; everyone should watch, not just Christians. A lot of food for thought and different ways to look at the world we live in.  We all know the end is coming and it's fascinating to see it unfolding in this presentation.
0,good
0,this young womanreally amazed me , she puts so much feeling into her singing and i feel that she also wants to satisfy the audience as much as possible . let me now say this, i endeavour to find dvd's especially blu-ray of singers and musicians from different nations, like SHAKIRA, MARC ANTHONY, RICKY MARTIN, MARIA RITA, CELTIC THUNDER and CELTIC WOMAN and the list goes on and on, mainly because they ae very gifted people, i wish sometimes that i could be in there shoes, it  must be a very nice feeling to know you are appreciated right through out the world. so back to thalia, i got right off track din't i . the concert was fabulous, the sound was great andthe picture was perfect, another young lady with a show of equal dedication to give her all to her audience is JULIETA VENEGAS i think she is a beautiful singer and an excellent muscian, so that why i really dig watching all these people over on the other side of our planet and i hope others have the same thoughts and feelings
0,Except for the social worker, the acting in this movie was phenomenal - even Janet was convincing.  Overarching lesson (IMHO):  women have significant power between their legs and with the exercise of great power comes great responsibility.  this lesson does not seem to fit crystal - whose relationship should have been a movie in itself.  Unfortunately, like most Perry movies, there is wonderful emphasis on depicting the outcomes of the problem and drawing out the attendant emotional trauma, but little attention paid to the solution of it b/c this would often cast the blame on the "victim" and the "victimizer".  Because of the impact of media on the collective female psyche (especially black women) I do think it was socially irresponsible to show the blackman intentionally dropping his kids out of the window in a fit of misdirected rage b/c black women will latch on to that image and label every vet as a potential psycho (same re professional so called "down lo" brothers).  An implicit lesson I saw was that black women don't get the same benefit (commitment, continued respect, marriage proposal) from opening their legs as their noncoloured (white) counterparts.  The current debate is whether this disparity stems from blackness or boisterousness.  Also there is a conflict in women between being led by their emotion as opposed to the reality of the situation - the emotion seeks "fantasy" where none exists - many men capitalize on this frailty (with great power comes responsibility to not be led by your emotions).  Facing the reality that emotion/fantasy led decisions leads to dire consquences has a humbling effect which tends to harden women over time.  It is difficult in a world that perpetuates the lie that who men and women can become is limited only by our desires.
0,Hilarious movie.
0,Blackfish is the story of the infamous Orca called Tilikum. The film features commentary from several former Sea World trainers, former Sea Land workers (Canadian park where Tilikum resided after his capture in 1982), and one of the men who actually captured Tilikum when he was just two years old back in 1982 off the coast of Iceland. Notably absent is any current representation of Sea World.		I watched this with very little knowledge about Tilikum. I had known about the attack in 2010, and I faintly recalled the incident of a man being found in his pool, but other than that I really did not know too much about him. I actually watched this documentary twice, and both times found it very disturbing for different reasons. The first time was because I was far more focused on the whales, as the film talks about more than just Tilikum (though he is the primary focus). I know a fair bit about Orcas in general, and I know that they are not violent animals--normally. They do hunt for food like any other animal, but they don't coordinate attacks on humans in the wild. There has never been a single documented attack on a human in the wild, as this documentary also points out. Now, either no witnesses live to tell about it, or quite frankly it just doesn't happen. This documentary recalls the deaths of not only Dawn Brancheau in 2010, but also of two other trainers at the hands of orcas in captivity who were performers for Sea World and a park in the Canary Islands, Loro Parque, where the whales are owned by Sea World.  There are also several clips of incidents with the orcas and trainers that could have proven fatal as well. We also learn a little more about what really happened to the homeless man who fell into Tilikum's tank.		Disturbance number two for me was hearing the scripted lies Sea World employees tell. In all fairness the employees did not seem to know much about marine life, and this is pretty much stated by all the trainers in the documentary. None of them really knew anything about the animals and just what Sea World told them to do. They also show Sea World employees stating facts that are simply not true. One of the most popular was about the dorsal fins being flopped over. This is something that happens in captivity due to a lack of room to swim, yet Sea World employees will say it happens in about 25% of whales in the wild. Also, their life span is pretty long, yet Sea World claims they live longer in captivity. This is simply not true, and its not like its hard to disprove these things, but that is why Sea World loses creditability quickly. I also found it extremely disturbing that these trainers were not told of incidents involving animals. I understand not wanting to scare people, but you are talking about a 5,000 pound whale not a stray dog. These are powerful animals and the trainers who escaped being killed were just extremely lucky.		This film will open up your mind and have you questioning whether it is right to keep an animal like an orca in a swimming pool (because that's about what it amounts to), and make them work for food. I've never been to Sea World, but after watching this, I will never go and I will strongly encourage friends and family not to go either. I'd rather use my money to keep these creatures free and in the wild where they belong. Tilikum [and all other whales held in captivity] should be released to an open sea reserve where he can just be a whale and not be kept isolated. I do not see Sea World going out of business anytime soon, but its clear that this film is getting peoples attention, and that they are realizing all that glitters isn't gold.
0,Loved it great love story
0,Awesome movie!
0,Great movie
0,A very good, funny, and cute movie for the whole family.
0,We all know the feeling. You're looking through the upcoming film lists hoping for something good and all you can see are the titles of all the best animated films you've already seen, only this time with a little number "2" attached. "Oh, spare me," you think, remembering the last one you watched, in which the main character from the first film had some kind of relapse and now he's got to learn all the same lessons again only this time in an almost unbearably stupid way. Everybody knows that "High-Grossing Film 2" is just a remake that's hoping to cash-in on its predecessor's success.		I was irritated when I heard there was going to be a "How to Train Your Dragon 2" because I had only recently discovered the first and thought it was exceptional, and I did not want some tacked-on second film to blacken its name.		Well, make way, Toy Story 2, because you've got a friend!		Everyone knows the only animated "2" film that was ever worth watching was "Toy Story 2." Well that has changed. "How to Train Your Dragon 2" is not a rehash of "How to Train Your Dragon", but an almost perfect continuation of the story. We find Berk five years older, now a lovely place for dragons, and the recap scenes are a lot of fun. Dragon racing, jokes, and some new stuff in dragon riding. The animation is just brilliant. The scenery looks even more real than before, but of course the real magic of its animation is the expressions on people's faces - several times I caught myself critiquing the actors and then remembering that they are NOT actors, they are the work of many animators who are acting with their art.		That's all fine and well, so let's get to what's going to happen in this movie. Honestly there are kind of a lot of plots going on at once, though they do connect eventually. We've got some humorous but nasty people trying to capture dragons for their leader, who turns out to be an egotistical tyrant who wants to control all the dragons in the world. Some of it's fun, some is a bit annoying. The real plot of the film seems to be more concerned with Hiccup's family. *Spoiler alert if you haven't seen the trailer and don't intend to* Hiccup finds his mother, whom he believed to be dead, and I think this film handles the fantasy-sequel-lost-and-found-parent issue superbly compared to almost every other movie, animated or otherwise. It is very unique for one thing - it is not the father who was believed dead, but the mother; she is not evil, she was just selfish and realizes her mistake. (Speaking of her mistake, that's one aspect of the film that sort of rubbed me the wrong way. She is a likable character, but she has neglected her family for 20 years. That is a LONG time.) However, rather than having a blow-out between Hiccup's parents, we see Hiccup's father offering complete forgiveness (perhaps because he recognizes his part in her long absence), and this is honestly a breath of fresh-air (though I think in the long run there would be some pretty loud family arguments). Maybe it doesn't happen very often, maybe it's unrealistic, but whatever the case, it's much more enjoyable than watching people yelling at each other. Long story short, we've got a very good family subplot (or perhaps it's the main plot).		And then there are the dragons. If you like dragons, you'll like this movie. All kinds of dragons, even dragons who breathe ice instead of fire. With a dragon here, and a dragon there, here a dragon, there a dragon, everywhere a dragon dragon. And Hiccup is definitely NOT the only hero in this film. Toothless does more than his part.		But I guess the real greatness of this film is Hiccup's character development. "Oh, no," you say. "Don't tell me. He's dealing with the same problems he had before, right? Just another rehash film." Well, not exactly. You might think so at first. Near the beginning Hiccup says he doesn't know who he is. But this is different and very close to reality. Hiccup has found his strengths in the previous film. He knows he's not like his father but now he's accepted for who HE is. End of story, right? No way. We all know how this goes. We think we finally know what we're good at, what we're supposed to do, and then we fall flat on our faces with THAT, too. "I'm not the chief that you wanted me to be and I'm not the peacekeeper I thought I was." The filmmakers didn't just throw something together and say, "Do you like it, kids?" Some real thought went into this film and I really appreciate it.
0,These guys can be silly, corny, a little crazy, and very entertaining and very smart.  You can learn from it in a entertaining way.  As they say Science is Fun!  Since it was dropped from Prime I will miss it.
0,I must have seen every episode of this series when it came out as a seven year old boy back in St. Louis and I LOVED it! Sure it has some campy moments, but so did the original, and maybe it played up to kids a little too much, but hey I WAS a kid. I saw this entire series awhile back on the Sci-fi channel and loved every episode. There was so much potential! It should have lasted longer! This DVD collection is a must buy for me.		P.S. The "Return of StarBuck" episode is great, but the Holloween 2-parter is a much more fun episode and is where HUMAN Cylons appear for the first time.
0,This movie is a hoot. The miniatures are BEAUTIFUL in this film - the shot of Mechani-Kong rising up out of the hangar is almost breathtaking. The shot of Mechani-Kong standing at the edge of the ice as Kong swims away, while a helicopter approaches on his right, is. (that shot always makes me think of a Mechani-Kong voice over: "Come back!...he'll never know how I really felt about him" which makes me laugh popcorn out my nose).		Other highlights:		*The tops of Linda Miller's stockings! AAAGGHH  AAAAAAAAGGGHHHHHHHH	*Mechani-Kong HEADBUTTS KK. Wonderful. Far too short a monster rumble, but one of the all-time best moves.	*The logic behind the building of Mechani-Kong.	*The idea that if some guy draws a picture of a giant gorilla, and then you turn that drawing into a FUNCTIONING STEEL ROBOTIC COLOSSUS, that that is somehow stealing.	*Everything about Dr. Who.	*A supervillain junk drawer? With a corncob pipe?! This is the scene that blows my mind the most. Seriously, pause this shot when it happens. Does Dr. Who smoke a corncob pipe? Then who does? Madam X?		In a way, KKE makes me a bit sad. We have in KKE an example of What Could Be: a showa-era kaiju eiga with (comparatively, at least) superb production values, an international cast, an engaging script, yet without any pretensions. In some* ways, it's the equal of Mothra vs. Godzilla, IMO. I'm ignorant as to the actual production schedule, but am I right in assuming they had longer to work on this one? It just feels as though they took their time with it. It makes LZ's squandered potential more poignant.		Pop this one in your player "any day, anytime" (I just quoted the movie, so you know this is a good review) for an Instant Saturday Afternoon.		*SOME
0,This TV series was given as a gift, but I enjoyed the series very much during it's run. This was the early introduction of Kristen Bell to a weekly audience, and I still consider this show to be her best work.
0,Great movie.
0,"Batman Begins" has enough plot elements for 3 or 4 movies, and, amazingly, they all work, and they are all exciting.		The movie is very dark, but this is fitting.		Even the early scenes, of Bruce Wayne's childhood trauma with the bats, and his later trek to the lamasery, are interesting in themselves, and add a lot of emotional weight to the later scenes.		The acting is just superb.  Gary Oldman, who is one of the best actors ever, manages to be humble and awe-inspiring at the same time.  Morgan Freeman is understated and funny and riveting.  Katie Holmes shines.  Liam Neeson is persuasively ambiguous.  Cillian Murphy is deliciously creepy.  And even Christian Bale, who has the expressive range of a tree-stump, manages to be believable, likable, and complex.		(Tom Wilkinson, as a Mafia-boss, is a little over the top, but still a lot of fun.)		Lots of twists and turns.  Lots of surprises.  Great stuff.
0,This movie reminded me a lot of Soylent Green, which is about a food factory that uses suspicious ingredients.  This movie is actually about a rocket scientist, Quatermass, who comes upon an exact replica of his moon base in rural England.  It turns out to be a special project where they make artificial food -- or do they?	Quatermass is really a big jerk.  He is very rude, cuts people off, and doesn't listen to much that they have to say.  Of course everybody respects him for this!  I wouldn't have minded seeing Quatermass get slapped around a bit.	Anyway, this is a pretty good sci fi/horror movie from the 50's.  The setting (large industrial plant in the middle of nowhere during WWII -- which explains a lot of the secrecy) and the fact that it is B&W makes it particularly creepy.  The video quality is surprisingly good, better than most cheeseball movies from the 70's and 80's!	I think you should give it a spin.
0,I enjoyed this season of Barney Miller all over again.  But heaven help a police force consisting of such as comprise this series!  Gwennie
0,I love Jackie Chan. I've probably seen all of his movies, even his old school Chinese martial arts films when he was so young you can't recognize him at first. His collaboration with Chris Tucker was very comedic and I enjoyed the entire Rush Hour series. I was so young when I saw these in the theaters, can't believe it's been a decade already. I also love how they always show bloopers at the end, I always grin at those.
0,Fast delivery, great price.
0,A good thriller! I had to watch this movie twice to understand everything that's going on but I really enjoyed it. The characters are surprising and have some depth. The ending is surprising as well
0,I have watched several seasons (not all in order) and I'm enjoying this one the best. It leaves some drama for the next episode but solves and gives closure to some issues.
0,Nice compact packaging and cover art.  I bought this on sale for under $50 and for 6 blu-ray movies that is a great value.  I wished it came with digital versions as well so I can enjoy it on the road, since I don't have portable blu-ray player.  Must have for any fan of the X-MEN movie franchise.
0,If this movie were to come out today, it would be a hit. There is so much more in a bloody towel or a blood trail rather than someone being disemboweled every three seconds. This is a classic . This movie tells a story, as opposed to a superhuman killer who only wants antoher sequel. Jammie Lee Curtis is always a believable plus. This movie carried a ring of realism that this could actually happen in it. One can easily relate to one character or another. I would recommend this movie to fans of the first Friday the 13th movie, Halloween 1,2, H2O, My Bloody Valentine and Prom Night. If you are a big fan of the superkillers franchises like Feddy Krueger,Jason and the Jamie Lee Curtisless Halloweens, then you may not like this one. This one is a throwback to the days when the good guys prevailed over the evil killers before they singned longterm contracts. Get this one for your collection.
0,i love this series as a kid and now as an adult even more.  this series offers science and adventure with a little mystery, it's just awesome and i'm glad that i can see it again.
0,Wonderful sights and narration.
0,I liked this a lot and, im usually not into this kind of thing.
0,great movie
0,One of my Davis favorites.
0,I know the story is a lot more detail than was presented. But I think you can identify with Harry in his frustration on getting anything to happen. It really is unbelievable how incompetent the SEC was. (by the way, there is still little action on any big banks from SEC). It must really be just a big fraud. Lots of money to be made to be complicit.
0,A nun (Claudette Colbert) races against time to prove the innocence of a convicted murderess (Ann Blyth) who is being escorted to prison for a date with the gallows.		This movie pairs two great actresses, it really is great to see Claudette Colbert on the silver screen once again.  The black and white genre is a marvelous readdition to this movie.
0,I love South Park and I own all but the last two seasons.		I have always wondered why the first few seasons look so crappy? It looks like they are filmed in some sort of weird 3-D or something.
0,Hands down one of the best movies ever made. Dark, deep, everything a Batman film SHOULD be. To whoever was bashing this movie, you are not an intelligent person. Stick with corny Spider Man sequels and leave amazing films like this to the adults. This is definitely not a movie I would show to my 1 yr old son...or to anyone under the age of 12. Very dark, evil and somewhat disturbing. In a very good way though. No more needs to be said. Not only my personal favorite comic book adaptation film ever but one of my favorite films ever, period. Loved it.
0,The author interviews people who have actually engaged in the killings of genocide. How he keeps his composure is beyond me but he does. He touches on the past of his own family of Jews who were pulled out their homes and executed. He goes to Bosnia, Guatemala, a Holocaust museum. To think that genocide never ended after the second WW is very scary indeed. It can happen to anyone, anywhere if just one person gets others to believe in his "cause."		This film should be a HS required viewing film. Maybe, just maybe it will open the eyes of teens as to why killing others is so unforgivable.
0,non stop action
0,I love the Marvel characters.  All the movies have been fun and entertaining.
0,Daughter Loved !!!
0,Love anything with Robson Green, but this series is perhaps the best thing he has done.  This is probably because, from what I've read, this series is a project he had a real passion for.  Very interesting and exciting plots.  Both of his co-stars - 1st Hermione Norris and later Simone Lahbib - are very good in their roles.  So glad I bought the entire series and have already watched it twice and will be watching again.
0,brings back memories and some i hadn't seen.
0,My son loves Scooby-Doo and Batman too!  It was funny with a twist when Batman and Robin are added to the mystery.  Over all just another mystery with new characters.  If you love Scooby-Doo you will love this one too!
0,Came with the other two Teen Titans Go dvds I bought in excellent condition! Super satisfied!!!
0,Good little movie. Fun!
0,I purchased this as a present for a young fellow and he was very happy. It plays great and he has wanted it for some time.
0,I Loved It.  Another Great Movie by Gordon Liu. Who is the Man when in comes to	Kung Fu Fighting.
0,I think Tom Hanks is one of the best actors out there, but not because of Forrest Gump, Philadelphia or Saving Private Ryan.  Those are all amazing performances and amazing films, but not what I consider the magic of Tom Hanks.  In my opinion it is his comedic genious, and Bachelor Party is the best example.  It is histerical, right up there with Animal House.  Basically Tom Hanks is about to get married and his friends throw him a bachelor party the way every guy dreams his bachelor party will be. It doesn't start out that way though. Hanks and his gang overcome just about every obsticle in the cliche book.  His girlfriend's father hates him, her ex-boyfriend is trying to ruin the fun, old flames are coming out of the past, and no one is showing up for the party.  In the end everything works out, but not before an adult film gets wasted, a friend trys to kill himself, another friend hooks up with a transsexual, the bride to be crashes the party, her father crashes the party, her exboyfriend ends up hanging naked out a window, and the usual sex, drugs, hookers, kidnapping, police, and dead donkeys that go along with the territory of a mans last night of freedom.  A classic picture that captures the true essence of the American bachelor party. I laugh just thinking about it.
0,Excellent
0,This was better than I expected. Glad I watched it.
0,Probably one of my most favorite movies of all time.  This character does what we all wish we could do when faced with a lack of justice and an uncaring, and flawed, judicial system.  He just have the brains and the gumption to actually do it.  It reminds me, to a point, of Boondock Saints, in the fact that the main character is willing to do whatever it takes to get true justice.
0,Very cute
0,This movie has a very different twist as far as dramas go, but very good, and definately one for your collection.
0,My new "feel good, cheer up" movie!
0,In the movie Finding Nemo by Walt Disney, Nemo is trying to find his dad and his dad is trying to find him, but on his dad's way he bumps into a girl named Dory. Dory is funny and brave.		Dory is funny because she forgets everything except when they find out where Nemo is. In the beginning she says "Stop following me!" She also said "You're Nemo!" when she finds Nemo.		Not only is she funny she's also brave. I know because she doesn't scream when they go the dark part. She also doesn't scream when they see that big monster. She also doesn't scream when the jellyfish stings her.		That's why I think Dory is funny and brave. P.S. She has short term memory loss, don't pick on her.
0,A very fun pre-movies story about the Old Republic. These short stories provide a great deal of background to the films themselves. Many of these stories have morals too them that are focused towards the pre-teen crowd but are pertinent to everyone. I don't know how faithful these stories are to the original vision of Lucas and others but they are very good stories none the less.
0,Fall was one of those rare and hidden treats that I rented one night because I got bored with everything else.	What I saw was one of the most beautifully-shot, well-written and perhaps most-misunderstood films of the year. Eric Schaffer is PERFECT as the not-quite-James-Woods cabbie who picks up a supermodel and practically BEGS her for a date. When she FINALLY lets her guard down and they have some of most tense erotic moments, you think it's a pure skin-fest. It's not. Somehow, the two go past being sex-crazy to friends...and then friends to lovers.	Schaffer falls in love with her but you KNOW it's not going to work because of her boyfriend in Europe. That's the beauty of it all. You KNOW it's doomed from the start and the film REFUSES to take the easy way out. He foreshadows it all in the beginning, telling Sara, "I don't fall alone". Of course, we ALL smile at this warning, thinking that she's immune to his charms and that she can make it through a brief affair with this man in one piece. Truly, not the case.	It shows us that love is not something to be trifled with and when you fall inside of love's arms, it's almost impossible to break loose without hurting someone in the end. You shouldn't fall unless you are absolutely CERTAIN that the person you've fallen for is on the same page.	It's beautifully shot(with some truly beautiful cinematography and editing) and the writing is absolutely passionate, giving Schaffer a chance to show his feminine side and give us and idea of what his prose is like. Many critics and reviewers(off AND on the net) dismissed this as another Schaffer guy-fest and the chance to live out his "masturbatory fantasies"(as one critic put it) but that's all a bunch of hooey. So what if Schaffer gets to make out with leading ladies(such as Sarah Jessica Parker in IF LUCY FELL) and supermodels(like Amanda in FALL and Elle McPherson in LUCY)! That sounds like a jealousy-issue to me! Exploiting women? I hardly think so. You don't see Elle, Sarah or Amanda complaining, do you? It's ACTING! A profession of professionals! And besides, you DO get to see full-frontal nudity on ERIC, as well!	That's why I say, IGNORE the critics. Most will see what they want from the wrong angle. If you look at this small winner in the right way as a true love-story and just watch these two star-crossed lovers live out their lives until that fateful ending, decide for yourself if you've just watched a cold, exploitive film or a film with true characters and explosive FEELING.	I bought this the VERY next day as a previously-viewed tape and unless Orion(are they STILL alive?) decides to release this movie again, everyone will miss out on one of the truly great romances of the last decade.	--Matt
0,Good.
0,This was a slick film about the darker side of suddenly gaining superpowers.  A must-see film!
0,Great movie
0,I won't tell you the story, except to say that it's a post-apocalyptic adventure about a horny young man and a telepathic dog who helps him find girls.  This time it really is on Blu-ray.  Previous misleading Amazon product descriptions led me to more than one purchase and return of a standard DVD which was not Blu-ray as claimed.  I already had that DVD, it wasn't even anamorphic and was overall disappointing because it begged my mind to fill in detail.  The Blu-ray is great: sharp widescreen anamorphic and better sound.
0,She's absolutely amazing. Her music (along with her physique!) gets better with time.
0,You may not realize it when you watch Unstoppable for the first time, but nearly every shot of trains and helicopters and various other vehicles was made using real trains, helicopters, cars, etc.  Late director Tony Scott (Top Gun) barely utilizes CGI in staging the chaotic action that unfolds in this true life inspired runaway train thriller, and it is truly refreshing to see an action movie that gets by using practical effects, using CGI only when he couldn't safely create the onscreen action with real vehicles.  Denzel Washington and Chris Pine are both pretty good in their roles.  This movie is far from being deep, but is an enjoyable escape.
0,I loved this show since it first premiered on kids Wb and I sometimes missed episodes but now I can own them all and catch up on the ones I missed and re-watch ones I loved the most. After the show is finished being released I Hope GX gets a box set release and New Video can get a company to dub the remaining episodes so we can have the whole series in english and on dvd.
0,Stars: Faran Tahir,Robbie Kay, Aqueela Zoll and Jonathan Nation.		Write by: Jacob Cooney & Bill Hanstock.		Directed by : Emile Edwin Smith.		Absolutely loved this flick, Hands down one of the best we have seen this year and miles above any from Those SHARKNADO peoples.		Started off thinking,Hey this isn't a Mockbuster,Huh ?		Been accused of being a Final Countdown ( 1980) remake ?,Really, That was a long time ago and big studios have been remaking stuff from just a few years back since ever.		Acting is so good & real,Some effects were also right on like all the plane stuff,Some of the situations involving the wounded plane are to be forgived.
0,Season Two of Adam-12 brings more of the great campy cop drama viewers have come to expect from Jack Webb.	This set is superior to the Season One set in that it uses single-sided discs and has a few bonus extras.	The acting, scripts and production values are fair (I rate them C, maybe C+) but, as with Season One, the camp value is high.	Have fun spotting how many different angles the same Universal backlot sets can be filmed from.	Enjoy the repeated stock footage shots of late-60's LA.	Count how many times Kent McCord picks up the two-way radio's microphone and says "One Adam-12 roger".	Be amazed about how creepy Bing Crosby's son Gary is as Officer Wells.	Wonder why every license plate starts with "Lincoln, X-Ray, Ida".	Anyway, I really liked this set and am looking forward to seeing Season Three.
0,Awesome
0,In the early 1980's there was someone killing the children of Atlanta. Eventually a single man was caught and convicted in one of the largest manhunts in our nation's history. Ever since the case has been closed until four years later two reporters investigate charges that the original investigation was filled with errors and tainted evidence. They seek to find the truth behind the Atlanta Child Murders. This movie is incredible. It tells the true story of two reporters as they try to uncover a conspiracy concerning the murders of young African American children from poverty-stricken areas of Atlanta.  The actors are superb but yet manage to keep you focused on the heart-wrenching story of innocence lost without letting you stray from the point at hand.
0,beautiful scenery, and an emotional tale from start to finish, worth the pick up!
0,Interesting even if old plot.
0,If you are looking to tone up this will help you.  There is nothing fancy about this at all.  It is filmed in a fitness studio with the most generic workout music ever and Gunnar isn't a peppy, upbeat or motivational instructor but he does good (but simple) cuing and the workout is pretty effective.		All you need is a set a weights and a mat.  There are 2 20 minute total body toning sections and 2 10 minute ones, one focuses on the upper body and the other the lower body.  They are pretty standard moves that if you have exercised before, you have probably seen and done.  The warm up and cool down is the same for all the sections.  Again, it's not fancy and I don't even know how effective it was.  I don't enjoy the warm up or cool down at all in this DVD.		There isn't cardio so if you are looking for that, look elsewhere.  But if you are looking to tone up this will help you to reach your goals.
0,Another historical piece (1976)documenting Sutherland's career, with the added bonus of a Tourangeau performance.  This much neglected and maligned mezzo had a truly magnificent voice, but was never able to leave Sutherland's sphere of influence.  Exquisite production.  The tenor sucks, but anything with Sutherland is worth the price of admission. We do not even have to mention the oonductor, do we . . .?
0,I definitely like Catherine Bell as the chemistry on the show improved greatly with her addition. I await season 3 and beyond with great anticipation.  (Not that I have not already seen most of the shows on TV!) Can't get enough.
0,thank you
0,Midsomer movies are quite enjoyable. Many twists and turns in the plots, and things to watch for if you try to solve the cases. A pleasant way to spend a rainy afternoon or evening. Highly recommended.
0,a feel good movie!
0,Nobody can own Danny Trejo, but the director sure tried. The choppy style of directing? producing? sucks, to say the least.  This movie gets a little bloody and the nude scenes add up to keeping this away from the under-15 crowd (PG-15?) but for the action-lover, go for it. Just be ready to roll your eyes and go with the flow with the stop action/quick-advance method of movie.
0,Lawrence delivers again. Of course the action has decreased by more than half. Good movie yet a bit disappointing.
0,Had to get this movie because my 4 year old couldn't stop making me rent it. So I got it and now its part of our collection forever. Its finally the first Disney movie where the princess doesn't depend on a prince to "save" her. Its refreshing. Do I think that Elsa is overacted and practically wreaked havoc on her own town for selfish reasons and that Ana is the real hero by saving everyone including her selfish sister? Yes. But my 4 year old disagrees. You cant win them all!
0,Very good.
0,Too cute
0,The original 1976 Richard Donner film "The Omen" ranks high on my list of all-time favorite horror movies. You'll notice I wrote "original" in that sentence. That's because, I regret to inform you, Hollywood decided to lens a remake last year. Ugh. I haven't seen this "reimagining" yet, so maybe I shouldn't be too hard on it, but I can't picture anyone improving on the effectiveness of the original. Anyway, I would probably place "The Omen" in the top five of my abovementioned list. It's that good of a movie. I like Donner's film so much that I even went on to develop a fondness for the two inferior sequels that followed: "Damien: Omen II" and "Omen III: The Final Conflict". Both follow-ups possess their own little charms that make them worth viewing (love the guy wrapped in plastic swinging through the fire in the third entry), but neither exhibits the sheer power and originality of the first film. "The Omen" gives us everything a good horror movie should. We get scads of gothic atmosphere, satanic evil, original death sequences, amazing performances from a first rate cast, a memorable musical score, and scares aplenty. That's the best thing about "The Omen": it's deeply frightening on many levels.		As the film opens, we learn that powerful American businessman Robert Thorn (Gregory Peck) has a serious problem. His wife Kathy (Lee Remick), finally in a position to give the couple their first child, loses the baby in a hospital in Rome. Since she doesn't yet know the child died during birth, Robert conspires with a priest named Spiletto (Martin Benson) to hide the fact from his wife. They substitute another baby born that day and no one seems any worse for the wear. The couple, with their new son Damien (Harvey Stephens) in tow, proceeds to live what promises to be an enormously privileged life. Their fortunes increase further when Robert receives an ambassadorship to England. But there are problems aplenty, disturbing problems that point to something seriously amiss. For example, Damien's nanny takes her life in a very public manner during the young child's birthday party. Her replacement, the sinister Mrs. Baylock (Billie Whitelaw), seems an odd choice as a nanny. That she's so overprotective of little Damien also seems weird. Another problem emerges when Kathy starts expressing doubts about Damien's lineage. She thinks he's not her real child.		She's right, of course, but that knowledge won't save anyone. You see, Damien Thorn is the anti-Christ, the son of Satan come to fulfill biblical prophecies concerning the end of time. No one knows this little factoid at this point, but Robert Thorn soon begins hearing about it from Father Brennan (Patrick Troughton), a crazed priest who starts stalking Thorn and raving about his evil child. After Brennan perishes in a bizarre accident, an investigative journalist by the name of Keith Jennings (David Warner) uncovers a few horrific pieces of evidence that tend to confirm that Damien Thorn is, indeed, the son of Satan. With proof in hand, Jennings eventually makes a believer out of Robert Thorn. The two then begin a secretive quest to unearth Damien's true origins, but they'll have to hurry. Folks poking into the child's history, or even people who present some sort of obstacle to the boy's development, seem to die in excruciatingly painful ways. As the story unfolds, we learn that even Robert and Kathy Thorn aren't safe from the pint-sized prince of darkness. The only solution to the problem comes in the form of an old archeologist named Bugenhagen (Leo McKern) and a bag of ancient daggers...		Rewatching "The Omen" for the umpteenth time, on DVD no less, confirms for me once again that this movie achieves a greatness rarely seen in the annals of horror. Just look at the movie. Where else are you going to see a nanny hanging herself in public, a priest impaled with a steel rod, a beheading by shattered glass, and biblical mumbo jumbo all in a film starring Gregory Peck? Nowhere, my friends, nowhere. It's all here in glorious color. I love everything about the film. I love the cemetery scene with the wild dogs. I love the "666" birthmark on the kid's head, revealed in a truly terrifying scene. I love the weird images in Keith Jennings's photos. I love the showdown between Mrs. Baylock and Robert Thorn. I love the screaming fit outside the church as well as the zoo attack. I even love the "No, Daddy, NO!" line at the end of the film. The movie simply overflows with all sorts of clever ideas and bloody mayhem wrapped up in excellent acting and dialogue. In the hands of lesser mortals, "The Omen" would come off as a schlocky piece of cheese. With Donner at the helm, Jerry Goldsmith composing the score of his life, and Peck and Remick carrying the acting duties, the movie fires on all cylinders.		I rented the DVD not because I needed to see the film again, but because I wanted to listen to Donner's commentary track. It's good. He recounts all sorts of interesting tidbits about the movie, such as the curse that seemed to plague the production. The director also talks about the problems he had with the young Harvey Stephens, who apparently was a little devil in real life, and talks about the marketing of the picture. Other extras include an interview with composer Jerry Goldsmith, a trailer for the film, and a couple of lengthy featurettes that go into more depth about the film and the supposed curse. As for audio and picture quality, I've seen some people griping about them. I don't have a problem here. I thought the movie sounded and looked great. So there you go. If you haven't seen the original Omen flick, you simply must run out and find a copy right now. You'll have a great time watching this creative, scary horror flick!
0,love this show, lots of action and the plots are great  actors are very believable  highly recommend!
0,Good movie
0,i saw this when it first came onto vhs all those years ago, and just loved it. have been looking for the dvd, saw from the other reviews that it wasn't available in the US, so looked more, and YES!!!!!! its available in Australia FOR SURE on dvd ( i have it) BUT its called Dark Angel, so as long as you have a multizone dvdplayer get this on dvd and continue to enjoy it in all its glory. certainly one of dolphs best, good action and killer aliens!
0,I can watch this one again and again. Enough action and humor for kid and adults.
0,I saw Jon Hamm on SNL a couple weeks ago, and I got curious about the show. I can't believe I didn't know it existed because it's right up my alley for entertainment. I love TV shows and movies that take place in the 50s and 60s, and I love shows with sexy leading men.		I was pleased to see this show is featured on AMC because I love that channel. And I was hooked with this first episode, and I am definitely buying the series now. The characters are attractive and mysterious, and it's interesting how things have changed. I like the way this show serves as a reminder of how America has evolved in terms of women's rights and office politics. I also love the clothes, the setting and the dialogue...it all adds to the realness and charm of the show. I only gave it four stars because I've not seen all the episodes yet.
0,Disturbingly Gr8 Twisted Show!!!
0,A movie for hardcore gore fans, this movie got everything, graphic death scenes, nudity, torture, mutant birth, mutant sex, and even a mutant pleasers himself while looking at a sunbather. A reality show about the end of the world leaves a bunch of people in the woods, and they are killed off one by one by mutant family. WT2 is a movie that stands on its own, got nothing to do with the first movie. For those who enjoyed the remakes of Texas Chainsaw Massacre both movies, and The Hills Have Eyes 1 & 2 should not pass up Wrong Turn 2!
0,I've seen a handful of Japanese anime and this is the first one I've seen that is a suspense thriller.  It's not like anything I've seen before, and it's good in it's own right.  The animation is not the best I've seen, but  the story is interesting.  It's based on a pop star turned actress named  Mima.  She was a singer in a group called Cham that had fans, but was weak  in their popularity according to the music charts.  When she decided to be  an actress, this was established early in the movie, she begins seeing  images of herself as a pop star which in turn taunts her and in a way tries  to force her back into her singing career with Cham.  She wasn't put in  roles that makes her more established as being a serious actress, so she  decides, out of desperation, to be noticed, to have nude pictures taken of  her published in a porn magazine and before that, she agrees to do a scene  with her being raped in a strip club.  She is also stalked by a die hard  fanatic of her pop idol image who follows her around and writes about her  in his web site.  She gets paranoid and scared when she discovers his web  site and finally starts to notice him in the crowd.  I won't reveal the  conclusion in case you, the reader, wants to check this movie out, but it  has a pretty surprising ending of who the real threat to Mima really is.  I  do want to warn that this film is sexually and violently graphic, so  children should not be watching this.
0,Classic Disney cartoon! My kids love it :)
0,Fun
0,Only see seasons 1-3 freak show and hotel suck balls
0,delivered on time, not a bad movie but as usual the book is better
0,Love these shows! I can just binge watch them by myself!
0,Really enjoy watching this series. It's good to see woman playing these lead characters, love the accent's also.
0,I liked it but I am older and maybe teens don`t like spy films.  I enjoyed it enough to buy it.
0,Enjoyed it!
0,Great movie and suspense.
0,Great for the young crowd.
0,refreshing to watch
0,Nice to see her in a drama for a change, great performance...well done Reese, well done.
0,Its as if its a complete new movie with all the added extras.
0,Title: READ AND SHARE DVD BIBLE VOLUME 1	13 Stories from the Old and New Testaments	Thomas Nelson		Help the joy and wonder of God's word come alive for the favorite preschoolers in your life.		This DVD (READ AND SHARE DVD BIBLE) uses animation to help kids to understand some of the Bible stories. These 3-minute bite-size vignettes are perfect for the attention span of the littlest ones.		The stories included are:		1. The Beginning	2. Adam and Eve	3. The Flood	4. Abram	5. Isaac and Rebekah	6. Jacob and Esau	7. Rachel	8. Home Again	9. John the Baptist	10. Jesus is Born	11. Jesus Loves Children	12. Jesus Tempted by Satan	13. One Lost Sheep		My four-year-old and my seven-year-old were both fascinated by this DVD and enjoyed watching it over and over.  My teenagers weren't as impressed (and pointed out where they misquoted Scripture) but the DVD isn't designed for teenagers, and the language is simplified to be more appropriate for younger minds.		I think the READ AND SHARE DVD BIBLE would be a great addition to every church library, and even personal library. It includes some bonus material, such as interviews with "real kids", behind the scenes footage, coloring pages, and other assets. 60 minutes.		Thomas Nelson product page for The Read & Share DVD Bible - Volume 1:	[..]
0,Great movie
0,Very interesting, complex mind-twister.  We had to watch it twice to be sure we "got" it.  It's like an art piece, especially one made into a mobius strip.  You just watch it because it's beautifully done, acting and staging.  But it's an enigma, for sure.  We enjoyed it, although don't recommend watching it if your brain is tired.
0,Great teaching video. I have problems with my short games. Mickelson's video honed n on reasons and gave straight forward  solutions. It has really helped me.
0,Trailing the lineage of something that dates back over 100 years seems like quite the daunting task, but that doesn't stop WWE from putting together a documentary about the history of the world championship.		This doc. tells the story from the early 1900's when a russian named George Hackenschmidt was so dominate he was named the world wrestling champion and remained unbeaten until amercian Frank Gotch defeated him via an ankle lock submission. Gotch retired undefeated four years later, allowing others to hold the championship until Ed "The Strangler" Lewis won it in 1920 and was described as very boring despite his great nickname, even telling a story of how he wrestled a man for 5 hrs. and 20 mins. This lead to wrestling changing and becoming a little more entertaining and putting time limits on matches.		From here it talks about how the regional territories formed the National Wrestling Alliance and how the first champion was named as voted on by the board. Lou Thesz became the champion and was a major celebrity for a wrestler and held the title on numerous occasions including a 7 year run. When the original nature boy Buddy Rogers became champion, a new age was ushered in, bringing more theatrics and showmanship into it. Thesz won the title back but lost it to Gene Kiniski in 1966 and held it for three years before losing it to Dory Funk Jr.		Champions in the 70's are talked about including both Dory Jr. and Terry Funk (becoming the only brothers to ever hold a world title), Jack Brisco and of course Harley Race. These stories were pretty good and I liked how honest Jack was about the schedule of being champion was too much for him and how after he lost the title he flew home and didn't leave his house for weeks.		Race held the title an at the time record eight times, but his most famous title match may have been in defeat as Ric Flair beat him in a steel cage match at Starrcade '83, which would spark a dominance by Flair through the rest of the decade and had big money rivalries including against Dusty Rhodes, which led to Dusty's second and third title reigns.		When the NWA was bought out by Ted Turner and made WCW, the title began to switch hands numerous times with notable reigns by Sting, Ron Simmons, Vader, Lex Luger, Ric Flair, and of course Hulk Hogan. This was a pretty good segment that showed some wrestlers at their peaks and how happy they were to become champion.		When WWE bought WCW, they brought the title with them and crowned an undisputed champion in December of '01 and he was Chris Jericho. The world title returned and was given to Triple H who would hold it numerous times along with Shawn Michaels, Randy Orton, Goldberg, Batista, Undertaker, Edge and plenty of others.		Matches on Disc 1		-6/1961, 2 out of 3 Falls Match, Pat O'Connor (Champion) vs. Buddy Rogers: Black & white, classic and quite good. Of course there were the usual series of rest holds but these two did put on an entertaining match especially for that time. After O'Connor missed a dropkick, Rogers makes the cover to win the match and the title. 7/10. Nice post match promo by Rogers.		-CWF, 2/11/69, Gene Kiniski (Champion) vs. Dory Funk Jr.: Only about 3 minutes is shown, so its not really even worth having on the set since its not in full.		-CWF, 12/10/75, Jack Brisco (Champion) vs. Terry Funk: Here we get 7 or 8 minutes, problem is its still clipped so again it should just have been in full.		-CWF, 8/21/79, Harley Race (Champion) vs. Dusty Rhodes: Now 4 or 5 minutes of action, with Dusty on commentary and its sad this was the third match that was clipped.		-9/28/85, AWA Superclash, Ric Flair (Champion) vs. Magnum T.A.: Flair always made Magnum look greater than he was and this match was no exception. These two brawled good, wrestled better, Ric bled heavily and Magnum almost had the title won a few times, but Flair reverses a roll-up and pulls the tights to win the match and retain his title. 8/10.		-7/7/90, Great American Bash, Ric Flair (Champion) vs. Sting: To prevent outside interference The Steiners, Paul Orndorff and JYD were around the ring and Ole Anderson was handcuffed to El Gigante (The Giant Gonzales). This was a very good match as were all of the Sting/Flair matches, Sting was coming off of having knee surgery and Ric tested and worked on it setting it up for the figure four. Of course Sting was full of energy and threw Flair around the ring early on. Flair goes for the figure four but Sting rolls him up for the 3 count to win his first world title. 9/10.		Disc 2		-1/30/91, Clash of the Champions XIV, Ric Flair (Champion) vs. Scott Steiner: A forgotten match here and its one I wanted to like, I really did. But something just seemed off here, Ric did sell Scott's offense while getting in his usual moves. But the final couple of minutes kill it as Scott seemingly had the match won a few times but didn't make the cover, like they were trying to get to the time limit draw but making it painfully obvious. The time runs out and Ric retains. 5/10.		-7/14/91, Great American Bash, Steel Cage Match, Lex Luger vs. Barry Windham: This was right after Ric Flair had left the company, so we have this match to determine the new WCW champion. Its not bad but honestly doesn't seem to be main event material probably due to Luger being involved. Both guys try and do make some use of the cage in spots but its pretty average honestly. Harley Race comes down and tells Luger "Its time", so Lex hits a piledriver on Barry and makes the cover to win the WCW title. 6/10.		-8/2/92, Vader (Champion) vs. Ron Simmons: Quite a good match here as Sting was originally scheduled but Jake Roberts took him out earlier in the evening so Simmons was chosen at random to face the monster Vader. These meshed well together as both were strong and Vader was one of the few monster heels who could look both unstoppable and beatable during his matches. Ron ends up hitting a powerslam out of nowhere and covered Vader for the win to become the first african-american to win the World title. 8/10.		-10/16/93, WCW Saturday Night, Human Cage Match, Vader (Champion) vs. Ricky "The Dragon" Steamboat: Human Cage=A Lumberjack match and its fairly average as Ricky got in some moves, but mainly sold, sold and sold to Vader. While the lumberjacks were trying to get Vader into the ring Sid Vicious ran in and powerbombed Steamboat, allowing Vader to pick up the win and retain his title. 5/10.		-10/23/94, Halloween Havoc, Career Ending Steel Cage Match, Hulk Hogan (Champion) vs. Ric Flair: This was the rubber match as Hogan won at Bash At The Beach, then Flair had won at a recent Clash Of The Champions, so naturally the way to end this was for both to put their careers on the line. I feel this was better than their Bash match as it really had that big match feel, both went all out, tons of near falls. Also Sting, Sensational Sherri, a masked man and referee Mr. T get involved and Hogan ends up taking this one after hitting the legdrop and Mr. T makes the 3 count while handcuffed to the rope. 10/10		-2/22/98, Superbrawl VIII, Hulk Hogan vs. Sting: This was the return match from their infamous Starrcade face/off and also would determine the new WCW champion. Its better than the Starrcade match, but not by too much. Sting still gets dominated for the first few minutes, in the ring and all the way into the aisle. Sting of course makes his comeback and there's the expected NWO run-in, but Randy Savage shockingly hits Hogan, Sting makes the cover and becomes the new WCW champion. 6/10. Fun little post match segment where Sting brands Hogan NWO style, spray painting WCW on his chest.		-7/6/98, WCW Monday Nitro, Hulk Hogan (Champion) vs. Goldberg: With 43,000 plus in the Georgia Dome on hand, this match saw the mega launch of Goldberg as he beat Hogan for the WCW World Title with the spear and jackhammer. Major, major league pop for the finish, though the re-dubbing of the music with Goldberg's WWE music was pretty annoying. 8/10.		-7/9/00, Bash At The Beach, Jeff Jarrett (Champion) vs. Booker T: Earlier Jarrett laid down for Hogan, which prompted a promo bashing Vince Russo and the company's choices and this led to Russo firing Hogan. Having that segment may have made this more memorable as this was a fairly decent match with Booker having wrestled earlier this night but taking it to Jeff early on. There's good action, even going into the crowd for a few. Jarrett goes for the guitar from the top but gets caught in the Book End and Booker covers to win the World Title. 6/10.		-10/21/01, No Mercy, The Rock (Champion) vs. Chris Jericho: This was during the terrible Alliance storyline where WCW/ECW was trying to take down the WWE. These two had great chemistry and it showed in this match. Plenty of counters, good wrestling even a little brawling and the underlying story was could Jericho be a main eventer against the likes of The Rock. He was able to do well though Rock did dominate a good portion of the match, even hitting a Rock Bottom through the announce table, funny how the crowd was more pro-Jericho than pro-Rock. Stephanie McMahon comes down, throws a chair in the ring but gets a Rock Bottom for her troubles. Jericho hits the Breakdown on Rock on a chair and makes the cover to win the WCW title. 10/10.		Disc 3		-9/22/02, Unforgiven, Triple H (Champion) vs. RVD: After being awarded the world title a few weeks prior, Triple H was set to defend against the much deserving RVD. It was a good match, where their unique styles mixed well and also the crowd really, really wanted RVD to win the title and he was close on a few occasions. The ref was knocked out, RVD kicks Triple H in the face, while he was holding the sledgehammer. Ric Flair comes down, grabs the hammer but nails RVD allowing Triple H to hit the pedigree and covers him to retain the title. 7/10. Nice post match where Flair presents the title to the Game.		-10/19/04, Taboo Tuesday, Triple H (Champion) vs. Shawn Michaels: Since Summerslam '02 these guys have had some classic matches, this contest however isn't one of them. Shawn was heavily favoring his knee and gave an effort but with his injured knee it wasn't really a very good match at all. HBK goes for sweet chin music, Batista interferes but gets knocked off the apron, Shawn connects with the kick but Edge comes through the crowd and hits the spear on Michaels. Triple H makes the cover to retain his title. 5/10.		-2/19/06, No Way Out, Kurt Angle (Champion) vs. The Undertaker: Very, very, very good one here, both are such great big match players and they really shine in this match. The momentum swings a lot, with each guy getting in some great moves, as Taker hit his usual moves while Angle tries to ground the deadman working on his knee. The ending is great as Angle reverses the triangle choke and pinned his shoulders to the mat so Angle retained his title. 9/10.		-4/7/06, Smackdown, Rey Mysterio (Champion) vs. Randy Orton: Good TV main event here, this would be Orton's last match for two months as he was suspended for violating the wellness policy. Orton worked over the smaller Rey, while Mysterio tried to use his quickness to outsmart Randy. Rey ends up hitting the 619, then the leg drop from the top rope and makes the cover to retain his title. 7/10.		-12/16/07, Armageddon, Batista (Champion) vs. The Undertaker vs. Edge: Early on both Batista and Taker targeted each other and especially Edge who kept running away from both men, only getting in some spots when each man was down. Curt Hawkins and Zack Ryder came from under the ring as fake Edge's trying to stop both Batista and Taker from winning the match. Taker hits the Tombstone on Batista, but gets hit with a chair by Edge, who makes the cover and wins the World Title. 7/10.		-11/23/08, Survivor Series, Chris Jericho (Champion) vs. John Cena: Just a few weeks after winning the title, Jericho must face the returning John Cena who suffered a neck injury 3 months prior. Its the usual Cena match but is elevated cause he's working with someone as good as Jericho. Chris worked on John's neck with clotheslines and also locked on the Walls of Jericho, while Cena came back locking on the STF, which Jericho gets out of. Cena deadlifts Chris off the mat and hits the FU, makes the cover and he's the new World champion. 8/10.		-6/7/09, Extreme Rules, Ladder Match, Edge (Champion) vs. Jeff Hardy: Great one here, both take some heavy risks and makes good uses of the ladders around the ring, Jeff gets smahed groin first on a ladder that gets all twisted, Edge misses the spear going head first into the ladder. Nice spot where Edge slaps on a sharpshooter while Jeff was trapped in the ladder. The best spot was when both men fell from a ladder through another ladder set up between the ring apron and the barricade. The finish comes when Jeff pulls Edge's legs in the ladder to trap him and Jeff climbs to get the title. 9/10. Loved how the aftermath was included of CM Punk coming down and cashing in his Money In The Bank briefcase on the beaten up Hardy. Punk ended up hitting his second GTS and made the cover to win the title. Thus began the heel turn of Punk.		I personally liked the documentary as the early parts were very refreshing to hear about and while short it was fun to view. It was great to hear from wrestling historians and people like Jim Crockett, Ric Flair, Jim Ross, Harley Race and so many others. The matches were good for the most part with some duds. Great DVD set to have in your wrestling collection though.
0,watch this movie so many times might have to get a new one
0,Make sure you check the audio settings if you want to enjoy this movie in English.  Spanish is the native language and when we watched it in English, the dubbing was obvious.  The voice acting was good, it just wasn't in sync with the lip movements.  The special effects were so-so and got better as the movie progressed.  Overall this was a good movie, but it didn't have the budget of the other popular super hero movies out there.
0,Riveting
0,...the quality of the writing seems to have dropped off coonsiderably. The acting is definitely solid, but it's not as funny as the 1st season. Still like it and watch it all the time.
0,A+
0,good movie
0,The artwork and voice actor did a great job. As for the story, it was great. I wish they had a 2nd season.
0,great
0,Excellent movie.
0,I just love this DVD and am glad that they are continuing the Series, it is great to see how Murdoch goes about solving the problems in regards to the different murders, he is the Sherlock Holmes of his times and he thinks outside the circle, putting the future and the past together in a series to solve the murders would be quite difficult as you would have to be careful to make sure it is believable to the viewer and I think they have done this with Murdoch as I said the Character's are very believable and love that Murdoch & Dr. Odgen get back together I just love both Actors performances and the supporting actors are great too.
0,I read the other reviews before watching Convicted and they were spot on.  The drama and acting was not impressive but the story line was great with a great ending.  It's worth a watch.
0,This was a fun movie to watch because of the often amusing and always realistic dialogue between mother and son.  I loved it so much I watched the movie twice.  It is so great to see a movie based on a mother/ adult son relationship for a change.
0,Great action flicks....
0,I would compare the film to David Lynch's Straight Story, in particular, but also other regionally evocative character studies like Winter's Bone, In the Valley of Elah, Mud, or Lonestar and other works by John Sayles. It's pace is deliberate and it gives the viewer characters we love even though we may not like them. The pacing is slow. The film is in black and white. If you aren't thirteen, this really shouldn't, shouldn't, shouldn't be an impediment to enjoying a finely tuned meditation on small town America.
0,This was a great film in every sense of the word. It tackles the subject of tribadism in a society that is quite intolerant of any deviations from the norm. It criticises a great many Indian customs that many find oppressive -- such as the arranging of marriages by others, the importance of status and face, rligious hypocrisy, sexism, the valuation of women in terms of their baby-making capacity, the binding concepts of duty and so on. At the heart of the film is a touching love story that goes beyond such limitations of the society which the two protagnonists find themselves. The film is well-acted and genuine, completely believable from beginning to end, unlike most Bollywood flicks. The main faults of the film as I saw it was first, that the two lovers seem drawn to one another not necessarily by a natural affinity for each other as much as the fact that they are stuck in dead-end marriages with no passion and no rewards. This may play a part in the sexual awakening of the characters, but most people stuck in the same situation will not "turn homosexual". It seems clear from the beginning of the filmm that the two characters are quite heterosexual -- when Radha does her scene at the end of the movie with Aashok, she makes it quite clear that "without desire she was dead", and the implication was that if he had desired so, he could have fulfilled her quite completely, and also when Sita seemed very disappointed when her husband seemed to not like her. Such situations do not turn people into homosexuals -- they may seek comfort in others in the same position, but inthe film it is not at all made clear that they are lesbians from the beginning -- quite the opposite. Some people are bisexual, it is true, but most tend to be either hetero- or homosexual. In the case of the ladies in the film, both had insensitive jerks for husbands . . . if this had not been the case, would they have naturally found the need to express their desire in a relationship that they may have otherwise not have considered? The film ignores this. The other fault is the naming of the characters . . . the names Sita and Radha seem contrived deliberately to shock and outrage (imagine a film in America depicting a gay relationship between a man named "Jesus" and another named "Paul"!) by using names associated with various Hinddo scriptures. The film is strong enough to stand on its own and needs no such devices in my opinion. At any rate, the faults do not take much away from the power of the movie. It is indeed a very touching and powerful story -- the images and characters will stay with you a long time after you leave the theatre.
0,Would be better if in English but intriguing movie.
0,Loved this series
0,This movie's been showing a lot on the HD channels, and I'm a big Gregory Peck fan, so I figured, why not?  Wow! What a great surprise.  A horror film that's actually SCARY, and not simply gross or disgusting.  Great acting by both Peck and Remmick, great pacing by Donner and Baird (the film editor) and FANTASTIC SCORE!!  Creeping suspense, mixed with satanic sons, demonic dogs and nannies with knives, cultimating in some totally wicked good vs. evil, all against a totally belivable contemporary (for the time) atmosphere.  In my opinion, this film has aged very little, apart from clothes and hairstyles.  What's nice is that the violence is used with such sparing effect, it really hits you when you're shocked.  And if anybody else noticed, there's no profanity at all in this movie, which keeps you from being distracted from the story (my favorite words have only four letters, but sometimes it's nice not to get an earful just so a film can prove itself as 'adult').		Highly recommended!!  Especially for those who generally wouldn't consider themselves 'horror' fans.  For those who like a great story, good suspense, and great acting, this is definitely a classic!!  But don't touch the sequals!!
0,OK
0,It's wonderful
0,Awesome movie, Toothless is the best!
0,great gift!
0,good quality
0,OK
0,I have been a Kirk Cameron fan since my tween years when Mike Seaver was the man of my dreams! We have definitely both grown up a lot since then and I continued to follow his career and was thrilled as a fellow Christian when his life took the path that it did. Instead of focusing on the secular industry where he could make a lot more money, Cameron has dedicated his life and career to spreading the gospel and using his God given talents for Gods glory instead of his own.		Unstoppable is a personal project inspired by the loss of a young life that brought into question the same one that we all have asked: why does God allow bad things to happen to good people? A high school friend recently lost a young child and my husbands cousin lost her husband at such a young age leaving behind four children. Holding my newborn baby and thinking of all the fears that mothers of little ones have, I have asked myself the same question over the past several weeks many times. This movie came at a time when I needed to see it.		It is very raw and Cameron is extremely open and bears his heart and soul. The first fifteen minutes were very emotional and dark and drew me right into the story of his friends child that died. I wanted to hear the answers and know his version of why God allows these things to happen.		He takes us back to the begin inning and the original sin. It is almost done like a documentary and there is a lot of imagery while he tells stories from the Bible. This would be great for new believers or non believers that don't know all of the Bible stories. I will admit, I got a little bored at moments just because they are all stories Ive heard a thousand times before. I can see the need for the history for those that don't know it, but for those that do it was a bit dry, even if it was being told by Kirk Cameron!		He goes through the history of the Bible and tells man of the stories about pain and suffering and Gods hand in it all. Its very moving at times when dealing with the loss of his friend but slow at others with all of the history and imagery and music that relaxed me a little too much!		Unstoppable is moving and has beautiful images that would be great for those that are new to faith or don't believe at all. Cameron obviously knows his Bible and has wisdom to impart. He isn't just another actor. He lives what he preaches and believes it to his core and his faith and heart shine through.
0,Just finished watching "Steel" released by Breaking Glass Pictures.	Spoilers Ahead:	What happens when a successful young man starts to fear his own shadow?	"Steel" ponders that question with television talk show host Daniel Krueger - an entertainment journalist who is on the cusp of the defining moment in his career after landing a coveted interview with an arms dealer.	There's only one problem.  Daniel suffers from severe agoraphobia and his conditioning is worsening - so much so that he can not handle being around people - even his friends.  Keeping his condition to himself, Daniel suffers a break down during a live show and leaves the studio.	Keeping to himself in his apartment in a self-imposed exile, he begins to try to pick up the pieces by reconditioning himself to be around people in a bar.  Here's where it gets a bit creepy - a young man named Alexander begins pursuing him in the bar and manages to seduce Daniel.  Alexander's age is never given but there are hints that he is a minor; and there are hints that Alexander may not be what he appears to be and may be hiding something from Daniel who is on the brink of a complete and total breakdown.	"Steel" keeps you guessing.right up to nearly the end as to who Alexander really is.  It also pays homage to Alfred Hitchcock by being an engaging creepy mystery and psychological drama that unflinchingly examines the inner workings of the human heart.	Yet "Steel" is not a perfect movie.  It does cheat a little when it comes to who Alexander really is.  There is also the problem of Alexander's indeterminate age.  I'll be generous and say he's 18 - but it's hinted in "Steel" that he's younger; yet he does get into a bar without being carded; but is worried about getting in trouble with his mother for not being at home in time for dinner - yet she doesn't seem to care he's bar hopping at night.	Definitely an intriguing movie that is willing to take an unflinching look at mental illness and the on-going recovery process.  Yet as readers of my reviews know, I do deduct points when certain lines are crossed, and "Steel" does cross those lines.	Strongly Recommended.	Four Stars.
0,The movie was action packed. The acting was top notch. I can not wait for the next one to come out .
0,Sweet movie for all ages.
0,My granddaughter loves the Ninja Turtles!
0,Interesting picture.
0,I like it
0,The masterpiece of Michalis Kakoyiannis based on Iakovos Kampanelis  theatrical play "Stella". Melina Merkouri in one of the best roles of her career. It's one of the best movies of Greek cinema! Stella is a  breathtaking movie!
0,Busy movie
0,Great movie
0,I was more than pleasantly surprised when I finally got around to watching this movie. Director Liman and Stars Cruise, Blunt, Paxton and the rest of the cast and crew did a bang-up job on what I had thought was just Groundhog Day with Guns.  However, Groundhog Day while a lovely movie, never tried to explain why the protagonist was looping, whereas in Edge of Tomorrow the reason for the looping is front and center and indeed becomes a critical plot point later in the movie (no spoilers).  With that and the casting (Cruise does some of his best acting in years and Blunt and Paxton both fully realize their respective characters) plus quite a bit of ridiculously over-the-top Human v. Aliens combat scenes is enough for this to get my vote for best Action Film of 2014.  Well worth the purchase or rental.
0,Seeing this on the big screen when released in 1991 had a profound effect on my notions of filmmaking. I was only just out of my teens, but looking back it was probably the event that completed my transition from avid film goer to crazed film buff. This review is brief because it's based on my memories of 25 years ago...		Should you watch it? Apocalypse Now was a perfect storm, the rare occurrence of synergistic acting with exactly the right picks by a director who was hell-bent on making a motion picture that will be remembered a century later: Do you not want to learn all the lurid details of how it was brought to life? If you've followed the career of an actor from Apocalypse Now or simply want more Apocalypse, this should hold your attention. Hearts of Darkness provides a more intense glimpse of the famous scene that precipitated Martin Sheen's heart attack; it's actually more dramatic viewing when you know it wasn't "acting" in the traditional sense (I still remember an overwhelming sense of anxiety while watching it, hungover as I was at the cinema's matine). I daresay the enigma of Marlon "I swallowed a bug" Brando's rock star presence is alone worth the price of admission.
0,A good Hallmark Channel movie. A once or twice a year movie at best. Some I will watch more often. I did like the story line and the characters. It's about a lady whose husband dies leaving her with a much smaller inheritance than she expected. In fact, she loses everything except a run-down Southern home occupied by a foster family. Being the owner of the house, she moves in and as the movie progresses she makes unexpected connections with a troubled teen and the rest of the 'unwanted' kids. As advertised... it is a 'touching drama'.
0,Hogan's Heroe's will continue on DVD with the complete second season, this season should consist of the next 30 episodes of the show.  Unlike season one however the second season will have some awesome bonus features including episode commentaries, bloopers, rare home movies, and the casts appearances on TV shows, in commercials and the original promos.  It seems that Paramount may be changing their ways with their TV shows on DVD sets and start including bonus features like other studios do. Here is a list of the episodes that will be included in this release.		33: Hogan Gives a Birthday Party		34: The Schultz Brigade		35: Diamonds in the Rough		36: Operation Briefcase		37: The Battle of Stalag 13		38: The Rise and Fall of Sergeant Schultz		39: Hogan Springs		40: A Klink, a Bomb and a Short Fuse		41: Tanks for the Memory		42: A Tiger Hunt In Paris (1)		43: A Tiger Hunt In Paris (2)		44: Will the Real Adolf Please Stand Up?		45: Don't Forget to Write		46: Klink's Rocket		47: Information Please		48: Art for Hogan's Sake		49: The General Swap		50: The Great Brinksmeyer Robbery		51: Praise the Fhrer and Pass the Ammunition		52: Hogan and the Lady Doctor		53: The Swing Shift		54: Heil Klink		55: Everyone Has a Brother-in-Law		56: Killer Klink		57: Reverend Kommandant Klink		58: The Most Escape-Proof Camp I've Ever Escaped From		59: The Tower		60: Colonel Klink's Secret Weapon		61: The Top Secret Top Coat		62: The Reluctant Target		Thanks to TVTome.com for the above list.
0,Mom loved it
0,An apex of studio movie-making. 40's soap opera simply doesn't come any slicker than this. The black and white photography is rich, glossy, and superb, the luminescent glow behind Crawford's close-ups almost transforming this middle-aged warhorse into a fallen madonna. The screenplay anticipates Garfield's role in "Body and Soul" as he claws his way up from poverty using a bowstring instead of fists. For a tough guy, we still believe in his poetic soul and no one from that era was better at combining the two. Then too, no film has communicated an on-screen classical score more effectively than this, as Crawford is alternately beguiled, seduced, and overwhelmed by pulsating strains from the great composers. And, of course, there's that all-time smashing finale so lushly romantic, I'm still picking seaweed from my hair. I'm glad the screenplay gives an obscure contract player like Ruth Nelson a chance to show her thespic talents. Her face-off with Crawford over the direction of Garfield's affections is an epic one, though she's probably a shade too aristocratic for the long-suffering motherly role. Moreover, there are the many memorable throw-away lines, one could expect from a stellar cast that includes Hollywood's master cynic, the mordant Oscar Levant. In fact, his self-effacing personality and casual witticisms are so distractively entertaining, they threaten to undo the entire melodrama. For fans of Levant, it's a showcase, and I wouldn't be surprised if many of those sarcasms were his own. (If only the writers could have dispensed with that dreary stereotype of the wholesome-girl-in-waiting, this time the fresh-faced Peggy Knudsen.) With this film, director Negulesco proves he could spread the soap suds as smoothly as a Douglas Sirk or a John M. Stahl. Without a doubt, this is the Hollywood dream-factory hitting on all eight cylinders in ways that just don't happen anymore.
0,I had been waiting for years for this movie to be released on dvd, than they uped it to blue ray, even better. I loved the characters and their inter action with each other. The horse scenes were great as well, as the battle scenes. The Lighthorsemen were very special and after watching this movie you will see why.
0,I first saw this show as a young teenager almost ten years ago. I have owned a DVD copy of this for a while, and for me to repurchase an item - even if it is an upgrade - is pretty rare.		I won't go into much detail about the show, but for a BD purchase of an anime of this caliber, the packaging is skimpy (no inlets or inserts) and the menu is haphazardly put together with no sound or functional design. I'm very disappointed in that because I like to keep movies on the menu for a while before I am ready to watch the show.		Other than that, this is perfect, and a great buy considering the Japanese import BD box set can run ya upwards of a hundred bones. The animation is okay, I won't say it's outstanding, but the overall work is [outstanding]. Depending on your taste for stories, this one will become a love or hate title. The story leaves a little something to be desired, but nothing is perfect. The way the story was told, however, was very unique and touching. The music is incredible, and very distinct. The tune of this anime will haunt you forever, and it adds that much more emotion to the show.		This is a standalone completed series with one OVA. It is somewhat dark, with little to no comical relief. Very gory at times, with a little sadism and malicious intent, not for those under 13 at least. Somewhat sci-fi, somewhat supernatural (not really but this isn't about normal humans so hey). The BD is really just an upscale of the original, but it's blu ray and it's got nicer subs than my DVD version, though still a bit mistranslated like most animes. The artwork is ridiculously colorful now, and some of the designs from the intro and such almost become optical illusions. It just seems to me that someone just boosted saturation and contrast and called it blu ray, but it's still nicer than the SD version.		You might like if you enjoyed: Tasogare Otome x Amnesia, RIN daughters of mnemosyne, C3, Blood+, etc etc. If you enjoy art, and aren't afraid of controversial subjects, then get this anime. It is a staple for this world, and a must for your collection.		THIS IS NOT MULTI-FORMAT. BD DISCS ONLY.
0,The Star Trek Collection is a worthy hobby and certainly the largest of the television series DVD Collections (The Original Series, The Next Generation, Deep Space Nine, Voyager and Enterprise). At around 1100 minutes per box (a few hours less than the TOS seasons) we are still looking at approx 30 boxes with 700 hours of viewing. That is 1 month of non-stop Star Trek. No DVD series comes remotely close to that. Get going collecting right now and build up on each succession over the years. By the end you will have a very serious anthology that defines the word awe. This is the kind of item that requires 1 hour a day of your time for the next few years. It is a cherished memory that served your fathers and will serve your children also. Our very planet, Earth, has advanced because of Gene Roddenberry's admirable concept. Roddenberry nailed the premise of the series when he said that he wanted to create a show with characters that we could look up too. `The Bridge' members are like our family. Watch what they do. Then go and spend your life striving for the same on Earth. What engineer, medic, scientist, teacher, worker can not say that Star Trek has not influenced them? The show is this significant in the development of our species. Even Christians respect and quote its authority and it is not hard to see why. The DVD case is not quite as fancy as the TOS (The Original Series) cases. The TNG case is supposed to resemble a TNG crew briefcase. The case opens to reveal the disc booklet inside a sleeve. Sliding the disc booklet out of the sleeve and flipping it open reveals a spread of 7 discs. There are 4 episodes per disc. However the last disc, disc 7, only has two episodes, for a grand total of 26 episodes (TOS has 8 Discs, 30 episodes). The rest of disc 7 is devoted to Star Trek interviews and trailers with the usual expected extras...and then some more. The episodes are ordered not in the sequence they where filmed, but in the sequence that they aired, however each episode has been numbered according to the order they where filmed in. This means on one disc you have shows 4, 2, 12 and 1, in that order although Season Three was aired fairly much according to the chronological produced order except for episode one and two which are switched around. The sound has also been remastered to 5:1 Dolby Digital! Since the show was shot in full frame, these dimensions are retained.		Star Trek, The Next Generation (TNG), Season Two continued with the amazing impact TNG had when it was first broadcast but made it more Enterprise based with less beaming down than Season One. Season Three corrects this somewhat critical tilt with Season Two by reintroducing us to lots of planet based exploration stories... and good ones at that too. Season Three has a whole new opening sequence to improve on the first computer generated images of our solar system as Captain Picard utters the immortal words... `To baldly'... I mean... `To boldly go where no man'... I mean... `To boldly go where no one has gone before.'  It was the dawn of the 90s and since CGI had undergone some development, the improvements can be seen not only in the new opening sequence, but with better looking planets (complete with moving gaseous atmospheres) and major enhancements in particle effects. Towards the end it undergoes new model development, lighting and subspace effects of a movie budget look. The crew uniform has changed with a new type of collar. Most of the main characters from Season Two are here, Captain Jean-Luc Picard, Commander William T. Riker (now with a bigger belly), Lieutenant Commander Geordi La Forge, Lieutenant Commander Worf (letting his hair grow even more), Commander Deanna Troi (with more makeup, costume changes and even an aerobics outfit [that really isn't as good as it sounds]), Lieutenant Commander Data and Ensign Wesley Crusher (new hairdo). Dr. Beverly Crusher is back (initially with a terrible hairdo that gets better) and Doctor Katherine Pulaski has been dropped from the show never to reappear again. Pulaski's disappearance is not officially explained (in reality Diana Muldaur was told her character was not working and she was offered a role in L.A. Law instead. McFadden was asked to rejoin the series again) the crew do act like she has just left because her time was up with Dr. Crusher making reference to Pulaski's work in Episode four. Commander Lieutenant Tasha Yar makes a surprise guest appearance for one episode! Dwight Schultz (Murdoch from the A-Team) makes his first appearance as Lieutenant `Reg' Barkley, who would have a reoccurring role. Colm Meaney is here again as Miles Edward O'Brien, Navigation, doesn't have much of a role boost since Season Two, while the Whoopi Goldberg's Guinan character of the wise El Aurian, the bartender in 10 Forward, has her background further developed. Season Three of TNG is mostly about nanotechnology, colonization, super aliens, the prime directive, orphans, ancient space booby traps, Romulans, wormholes, peace negotiations, defectors, super humans, terrorism, Q, court inquisitions, parallel universes, AI, Klingon high councils, captivity experiments, time travellers, biological space crafts, morale, the first law of robotics, Vulcans, Sarek, evolutionary speciation, and the Borg. Unlike Season Two there is much more planetary exploration and lots of alien encounters. There are loads of unforgettable episodes in this Season, "Evolution" where nanotechnology takes over the Enterprise, "The Survivors" is a mystery about a single household that is the only structure to survive an alien invasion on a whole planet, "Who Watches The Watchers?" is about the prime directive failing when the Enterprise team are spotted and kidnapped, "Offspring" sees Data creating another sentient android, "Sins of the Father" has Worf return to his Klingon homeworld to defend his family honour, "Hollow Pursuits" has Lt. Barkley fantasizing about crew members in the Holodeck, "Sarek" is about the Vulcan of the same name from Star Trek: The Original Series, who is back for what looks like his final peace negotiation, and of course the pot-boiler end episode of "The Best of Both Worlds, Part I" (widely acclaimed as one of the best Star Trek episodes ever!) marks the grand entrance of Locutus of Borg onto the scene. The bottom line for TNG: Season Three is that it is often cited by fans as the best TNG Season and is probably the first of the Seasons to really be worth the price tag demanded of these very expensive box sets. In Season Three everyone seems to have matured, included the writers who are giving us exactly what we want and the series has a serious enough budget to make every episode look like a movie, especially towards the end. There is lots in this season to enjoy and of course not since J.R. Ewing had been shot did we get the kind of cliff-hanger episode that "The Best of Both Worlds, Part I" would deliver on, meaning every Trekie (and who wasn't at this time) across the planet from LA to Hong Kong had to wait all summer to learn how Picard could be saved. There is no time to loose!!! Onto Season Four.... wooosshhhh.
0,4 star
0,My kid can't get enough of Ralph n vanillapea
0,I am so glad these are all out now that my collection is now complete.  I love to watch them when nothing else good is on.  Love them from beginning to end.
0,The movie had a lot of hype and I think it lived up to the expectations I had due to it. I like it when good and bad are so easily discerned,
0,Aunque nunca vi la novela en TV, compr el dvd sin saber mucho de ella y  me gust mucho. La trama, locaciones, vestuario, iluminacin, dilogos, todo estuvo impecable, se nota que le invirtieron muchas ganas a ste proyecto y el resultado fue muy bueno.		Obviamente, al ser editada para dvd, se notan cortes o algunas sub historias que uno descubre/deduce durante la novela, pero an as no son relevantes para la trama principal y no interfieren para nada en sacarle el mayor gusto al dvd.
0,Well documented, great movie
0,(I live in the United States of America and my Freedom of Speech is being violated here on Amazon.com so I will NOT be Selling and/or Buying anything from Amazon.com. I will say Thank You for all those people who left comments on my review of the documentary called: The Atheism Tapes which was Wrongfully Deleted. I Will NOT be posting anymore Reviews on Amazon.com! I WILL Only be responding to comments and that is all I will be doing here on Amazon.com! Thanks again.)		Justice League: The New Frontier is unique. I really like it for it has a classic look to it. The classic look is a 1940s to 1960s art form to it. I loved it when Martian Manhunter transformed into the classic and famous cartoon character named: Bugs Bunny. I love Bugs Bunny it brought back childhood memories seeing Bugs Bunny drinking soda. Justice League: The New Frontier has action, the guest appearance of Aquaman, Supergirl and others. My boy Superman was not there for the main action but Superman is there and I Love Superman. The Centre is the enemy as a resolute it is worth seeing.
0,The older version of MacGyver is a must have if you enjoy this series.	It was a popular and fun series, and I guess that is why a new version of MacGyver came on TV series in 2016-2017
0,Was able to find this movie for a friend- he  remembered seeing this movie as a teenager and really appreciated seeing  again as an adult. Great quality.
0,This is Great.  A bit surprised.
0,This is one of the few movies I remember from waaaaay back when I was around 15 or so, watching "Black Belt Theater" on Friday nights at 10 o'clock.  The thing that makes this movie so memorable is the fact that it doesn't follow the standard "wimp finds teacher, learns Kung Fu, teacher gets killed by Bad Guy, wimp gets butt kicked by Bad Guy, wimp finds another teacher, learns UNBEATABLE KUNG FU STYLE, and avenges teacher's death" storyline.		Take a very good storyline, and then throw in Alexander Fu Sheng and Ti Lung, and you've got a movie that anyone who ever tried to mimic the kung fu fights (complete with sound effects, and you know who you are...)would have to watch over and over.
0,It got panned by several critics, but I consider this a wonderful movie, accurate to the world conceived in the mind of the "Popeye" creator, right down to the speech idiosyncrasies of Popeye and The Commodore: "fadder to de shark, brudder to de piranhica...!"  Robin Williams, rest his troubled soul, was ideal for the lead role, as was Shelly Long for Olive... and really, every actor/actress for every part in this movie.
0,Christmas time favorite.
0,Living near Nyc I have often come into the city to see shows. I have often been suprised when I see a television actor who gives an outstanding performance. How is this possible? on television they are only so-so.		This is not the case with mission impossible. Then husband and wife team of Bain and Landau have one of the best roles ever written for television. they do not play stupid one dimensional characters as is common on t.v. They are allowed to give tour de force performances and to suprise us every week. Greg Collins as the only African American is the genius of the group and is remarkably cool and confident and often takes technical control on some of the missions. Peter Lupus is strong and confident and never lets you see him sweat. Peter Graves comes off as non-threatening and middle of the road apple-pie. Who would suspect that he was the ploting brain behind these chess -game plots.
0,Favorite show, second favorite season. The special features are pretty awesome. And I enjoy that the every couple of episodes are on a different disk and not on one dual sided disk like season three.
0,loved it
0,A little long, but worth it!
0,Good movie.  A lot of action.
0,Found the moving entertaining and funny. The grand kids loved watching it.  Good story line. One can image the events and situations really occurring.	D
0,the best!
0,Wonderful, my kids keep watching it over and over.
0,Back cover clearly states these cartoons were previously released. While it is understandable that fans are anxious for new to DVD or Blu Ray cartoons to be released I don't understand why the comments state people are upset by this release. Its as though you think by releasing this disc Warner Bros is prevented from releasing new to DVD/Blu ray cartoons. There are many people who can't afford to spend more than $10 for a set of cartoons. Warner Bros should be thanked for making these cartoons available at a low price.		Rumors are that there will be a Vol 3 Looney Tunes blu ray set this year. Chances are most of the tunes will have previously been released on the Golden Collections as was the case with first 2 volumes. Perhaps the blu rays are the sets you should complain about if you are satisfied with the quality of the DVDs and want new to DVD cartoons to be released.
0,Great performance to watch!
0,Saving this one since it is a Limited  Edition.  I bought t whole pack w/the regular Jurassic World in it.
0,Definitely a very good movie, Basic, is a military mystery that brings to the screen the story of a U.S. Ranger training mission gone awry in Panama.  Subsequently, an ex-Ranger is teamed up with the base investigator to try and shed light on the mysterious circumstances that led to the near annihilation of the entire squad.		The film combines drama, mystery, action and adventure making it one of the best of its kind.		John Travolta, Samuel Jackson, Connie Nielsen, Giovanni Ribisi, Brian Van Holt, and the rest of the cast have truly outdone themselves with their performances, which are outstanding to say the least!  All the actors, without exceptions, give it their 100% and it really shows (the chemistry is AMAZING)!		The plot, the setting, the dialogues, the special effects, and the music are all wonderful!		In short, it is a movie definitely worth watching!  Strongly recommended along with Black Hawk Down, A Few Good Men, Rules of Engagement, and Courage Under Fire. 4 1/2 Stars
0,I ADORE all three of The Note movies and am disappointed that there aren't a fourth and a fifth.  Love them.
0,Product is fine.
0,As exciting  as season 1,so much happening so fast , the show delivers a lot and the  acting is great ,it is hard to stop after one episode, you just want to keep on going.
0,extremely well written and acted.  will scare the hell out of you on the	1st watching(rape scene at end). again, excellant acting by everyone.
0,if it were not a true story this would be the most imaginative film you ever saw. It is also immensely funny, more than a little goofy and just plain interesting. The plot is way too wild and woolly to recount. Just watch it, you'll want everyone you know to see it.
0,Nearly the best Doctor.  This is what set the basis for the renewal of the Doctor's story.  Of course, with Rose you cannot go wrong.  Entertainment guaranteed.
0,My mom took me to this movie back in1957, I enjoyed it them and it was fun to watch it again in 2015.
0,Great movie. Am simply upgrading from VHS to DVD
0,You gotta be a Jane Austin fan to appreciate this movie.  It drags on for a while but ends nicely.
0,This was a 2 hour prequel to Season 7 and it was excellent. Once again second rate soldiers drop like flies when they run into a true combat machine, Jack Bauer. This takes place in Africa where Jack is dodging a federal subpoena to answer for his torturing of captured terrorists while at CTU. Jack tries to save a group of children from a dictator's genocide, but an embassy bureaucrat will only evacuate the children if Jack turns himself in and answers the subpoena. Redemption was a great way to set the stage for Season 7!
0,The plot of this movie is weird. The character that's afraid to leave his house seems incredible. To base a whole movie premise on his condition seems creative, but it doesn't make it believable.  Only reason I bought the movie is because Teresa Palmer is in it. And there are nude scenes.
0,Paul Mazursky, R.I.P. He was one of the greatest American directors who satirized and sympathized with America's canvas of social revolution in the 1960s and 70s. Tempest is one of his many films that traces a man in the midst of middle age who seeks a Utopia, ala, Prospero in Shakespeare's "The Tempest," He finds a Greek island and moves there, with his daughter. A  Caliban figure is hired, and an assortment of humanity gather. Finally his wife joins him.		In the course of this Mazursky explores the impossibility of Utopia, that it really means "Nowhere" after all is said and done, and marriage is its opposite..it is somewhere where you don't want to be, especially if it's American engineered, with all the money, bright kids, posh, schools, great Hampton Beach house..this is the end of experience, and Mazursky tells it with a deft hand, never ever condemning, but sympathizing with the plight of civilization as it hobbles toward death.		Buy this. Gene Rowlands is great, John Cassavetes is splendid..all score highly. Raul Julia fantastic!	1982 film, many of the actors are gone now, as is Paul Mazusky..He knew the value of art, that without it this world is unbearable.
0,This should be released again!! Wonderful see-more-than-once movie.
0,Awesome series.
0,I love old horror movies and bought this for the 13th ghost.  But, I love William Castle's movies anyway.
0,This review is for the whole Shana series. This is one of the Best Animes I have ever seen. The story line is so different yet I LOVED IT. The characters are really likeable. Shana just rocks. ^_^	The voice acting by the Japanese and English dub is some of the best. The only bad thing was I didn't want it too end! =)
0,I love campy fun movies.  This movie was fun to watch and the characters were great.  The cast was amazing and every one of them played their parts extremely well.  The language was very ADULT and this movies is not for kids at all.  There were loads of jokes and fun.  Charlize Theron was simply gorgeous and a joy to watch in this movie.  The production values of this movie were absolutely first class in my opinion.  The cinematography, lighting, sound, music and camera angles were surprisingly great.
0,Went into this expecting the absolute bottom of the prime barrel - came out pleasantly surprised. Definitely low budget (although, arguably, possibly - a pretty high budget for a low budget film), but enough twists and humor to keep you engaged all the way to the end.
0,This woman is out of her mind and I loved her in this role. The guy chasing her has his hands full.
0,Great Job
0,A loving film representation of what was, on stage, one of the most memorable theatrical events I have ever seen.  It is a totally unique "musical" where the melodies and rhythms are derived from recorded interviews of the actual residents of London Road.  As good as the film is, the impact of the original National Theatre of Great Britain production stays with me.  The film is wonderfully, lovingly translated from the stage by a first rate cast and production team  ---  a labor of love, I suspect.  An absolutely unique experience.
0,This isn't just a very funny comedy, it is also a very cute love story. Don't be a prude, just watch it and have a great time.		Plus on  the Blu ray , there is an hour and fifteen minute making of and a good hour of deleted behind the scenes stuff. This blu ray is packed with extras.
0,First of all, when one thinks of a big action star, they tend to have names like Bruce Willis, Arnold Schwarzenegger, and the such spring to mind.  Then there's the typically quiet and reserved, yet strong character that Liam Neeson plays in so many films. (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Schindler-s-List-Widescreen-Edition/dp/B00012QM8G/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Schindler's List (Widescreen Edition)</a>)(<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Nell/dp/B00013RC84/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Nell</a>.)		Every once in a while, however, a story and script come along which gives the likes of the powerful gravitas Neeson brings to the screen which allows him to kick some serious BUTT.  "TAKEN" is such a film.		From the get go, we get a few things thrown at us about this great man, loving father.  He's meticulous, he adores his daughter (even though he and his wife split long ago and she now lives with his ex and her new multi-millionaire husband.)  We also learn soon that he has a very unique past wherein he's a retired spy.  And throughout the course of the film, we find out that he's a very WELL-trained former spy.		This movie is easily one of the types that normally last around 2 hours plus. One beautiful thing about this film is the fact that it doesn't go too deep into the characters backstory.  We don't know what the true reason was for the breakdown of the marriage, how did the ex-wife get with the millionaire? What group of spys did Bryan Mills (Neeson's character) work for, etc.		The point is, we as the audience don't HAVE to know all this stuff.  The movie is just there to let us enjoy the white knuckle ride we're about to strap ourselves in for.		Near the beginning of the action, Neeson's daughter, played brilliantly by Maggie Grace (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Lost-The-Complete-Fifth-Season/dp/B0019LY5IM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Lost: The Complete Fifth Season</a>) tricks her father to letting her go overseas.  He, being the concerned and wise father is quite leary about what she's up to and her safety (any parent.)  As it turns out, shortly after her and her friend land in Paris for a visit, they are kidnapped while she's talking to him on the phone. (By the way, this information is in the trailer, so no real spoilers if you're concerned.)		From the moment the daughter (Kim) drops the phone and the kidnappers pick it up, the tension is sky high.  We all know Neeson is a force, a hurricane covering a typhooon with tornados embedded in his rage to find out who has taken his daughter.		Using his skills and knowhow, he travels overseas to find his daughter and the ones who took her (and her friend Amanda.)		Action packed is an understatement for this full throtle movie!  There's so much great about this flick, it may soon be in my top five favorites with the more viewings I give it.		The emotion seen in Neeson's eyes, the subtle nuances and grimaces that he flairs upon his face speak volumes about what is going on inside his head, how the cogs of his brain are working non stop on plans A, B, C, D and beyond for his next steps.  Nothing, and I mean NOTHING will stand in his way to getting his daughter back.		The cast, as I said, is brilliant.  The script may have had a plot hole or two.  But more or less it's the type(s) which make you just shrug it off and say: "Ack! it's just a movie!" (the ACK is very important when making the aforementioned statement.)		To enhance the nailbiting action, the use of violin music (or maybe cello) really gets the heart pumping, the legs jumping and the fists clenching.		Then, on to the editing and sound.  Usually these are two categories which get overlooked by the general public.  However, in "TAKEN," it's quite important and quite frankly very hard to miss.  Those punches, thos chops to the neck, the grueling torture is nothing short of awesome.		Needless to say, I loved this movie.  If you like action without a terrible amount of bloodshed (I watched the unrated version so I'm sure there was more in that version) and if you like a non-stop thrill ride that only lasts roughly 90 minutes, then "TAKEN" is certainly the movie for you.		Check it out indeed!		Watch, and enjoy!		Thanks for reading :o)
0,I didn't know if I could get past the boil faces, scraping teeth with a razor, blood engorged tick being squeezed until it pops, roaches everywhere, oozing after death bodily fluids on a mattress, attempts to bathe a corpse, and my vivid imagination concerning the smell of death. Well, after shutting my eyes a couple of times because of the nastiness (not fear), I made it through this movie. Well done plot and acting was believable. Worth watching if you don't have a weak stomach. Please tell me no one really lives in those conditions. Ugh!
0,great financial thriller.
0,I really enjoyed this one!
0,Good film to expose the psychiatric misdiagnoses and how  this could damage an individual's life forever.  This story has a lucky ending showing the power of love and determination to help a loves one.
0,Classic movie, one of my favorites. Came new in packaging as expected.
0,Love Harry and it as a compelling movie
0,A classic line of Johnny Depp in this true story!! Its amazing how much cocaine and drugs were entering America during the 1970's and 1980's. A fun movie to watch!!!
0,very funny ,  but misunderstood by folks who don't understand white folks problems
0,A+A+A+A+A+A+
0,I spent over $800 on the VHS videos from Columbia House two decades ago. I spent less than $140 for the complete DVD set and discovered the value.	Sadly, while the quality and price is superb, the definitive set (also on Amazon) beats the quality and extras and price ten-fold.		However, the retail price keeps lowering over the months making this worthwhile if you don't want to spend the additional $5 bucks and get superior picture and sound quality and bonus extras.		I also suggest you buy "The Twilight Zone: Unlocking the Door to a Television Classic" because the 800 plus page book is a P-E-R-F-E-C-T companion to the DVD box set. Before or after you watch an episode, you can use the book to uncover the in-jokes, bloopers and trivia that make viewing these episodes fun. Regardless of whether you buy this set or the definitive box sets, watching the shows is one thing, knowing the behind-the-scenes stuff is even more fun. Both are available on Amazon.
0,its good.
0,Sure it's basically a modern day low budget B movie, but the actors are good, reasonably believable, and the pacing keeps you interested. The setting is great, too. A good example of a formula thriller done right.
0,Death on the Nile is an entertaining murder mystery. The cast is great starting with Peter Ustinov, as Poirot, who, with Jane Birkin, Lois Chiles and the distinctive Bette Davis, lend their many acting talents to keep you guessing about who did it. Our family, all ages, has enjoyed watching it time and again. Our son thinks that Peter Ustinov is the ideal Poirot, while I think David Suchet is more true to Agatha Christie's Poirot. We do agree, however, that both men are superb in their portrayals. Like&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Evil-Under-the-Sun/dp/B000059LGF/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">'Evil Under the Sun'</a>&nbsp;this movie is a hit with us. ~ Mrs. B.
0,My favorite out of this franchise.  A backstory,  bloody and Snow.  I love this one and #1, #2
0,LOCKOUT is one of those rare films that comes along every so often that, despite your brain telling you how ridiculous the film is, you can't help but enjoy the hell out of it. From the mind of former master filmmaker-turned B-actioner mastermind Luc Besson and first-time feature partner directors Stephen St. Leger and James Mather, they do a commendable job with orchestrating the chaos that is this film, which is a mish-mash of different genres, many of which don't cohere but do end up providing some terrific fun. Admittedly, I went into LOCKOUT for the first time with a good deal of apprehension, but the first two minutes of the film and the rather comically brutal interrogation of Snow (Guy Pearce) really helped to seal the deal that I wanted to keep watching regardless of how obviously silly it seemed. In the opening seconds of the film, you have Snow mouthing off to an off-screen interrogator with a cigarette in his mouth; a fist comes from off-screen and punches him in the face and Snow pops back up in his chair with the cigarette now hilariously broken but still in his mouth. This moment is essentially the mood of the film as well as the summation of Snow's character in a nutshell; it's funny and ridiculous and self-aware as well as being rude, sarcastic and tough.		Basically, the film is a blend of DIE HARD in Space with a heaping helping of ESCAPE FROM NEW YORK and a dash of AIR FORCE ONE and a sprinkle of CON AIR as we move into the year 2079 where the President's daughter Emilie (Luc Besson's newest chanteuse Maggie Grace) has been taken hostage aboard MS-One, a orbital Super-Max prison where the worst of the worst go, and wrongly-convicted ex-government operative Snow is the one man who can save her. There are several wrinkles in the plan; first among them is that the take-over is being controlled by brothers Alex (Vincent Regan) and Hydell (Joseph Gilgun), one of whom is hopelessly and totally insane. Another is that Snow only agrees to the mission since the person who can help clear his name is on MS-One, so the President's daughter is not his first priority. Another is that Snow's bureacratic adversary Langral (Peter Stormare) is in charge. And last but not least is that since the escape started, MS-One is falling out of orbit and could have the potential to kill thousands if not completely destroyed. So we have the ticking clock combined with the sheltered damsel-in-distress mixed with the lunatics-taking-over-the-asylum blended with the bureaucratic bozos thrown up into a space station. If there are any successful action movie cliches I might have missed in there, don't worry; they pop up ALL OVER THE PLACE.		LOCKOUT starts out with an increasingly-deteriorating action sequence that begins with a simple and cool fight in a hotel room, extends to a pretty nice rooftop sequence but then quickly falls apart with a motorcycle/car/helicopter/foot chase, most of which is against extremely rushed and terribly-unpolished CG which is the centerpiece of this initial chase. It makes you wonder if the visual effects crew is up to the task of creating a visually striking and impressive space station and all that something like that would entail, and it's not a good tone to kick off the action set pieces. But despite myself, I found myself enjoying the cheesy aspects of the bad effects. Again, it sets two tones for the film; one being the emphasis on FAST and the other is that "I hope you're not expecting AVATAR". LOCKOUT is not intended to be a big, impressive must-see sci-fi action extravaganza; it's a film based on "An Idea" by Besson, who's been behind some of the most implausibly entertaining action films of the last several years, such as KISS OF THE DRAGON, THE TRANSPORTER films, the DISTRICT B13 films and probably the most successful being TAKEN. These films aren't intended, like his 1990's directorial work on LA FEMME NIKITA or LEON THE PROFESSIONAL, to be genre-bending artistic and intelligent action films. This is pure adrenaline and mass entertainment. There's nowhere in the film where you think to yourself, "Wow, this is a very thoughful action film". And like Besson's THE FIFTH ELEMENT, it was probably another idea he had when he was 16.		I am not a proponent of the "Turn Off Your Brain" excuse when it comes to films that are very simplistic in their character and storytelling, and while some people accuse this film of playing at that, I don't agree. This film does have certain levels of sophistication in some of the sequences concocted by St. Leger and Mather (especially a fun little recurring gag with a "vocal trigger" grenade), but also particularly when it comes to the interplay between Pearce as the badass of the film (but who in the film bears more resemblance to BIG TROUBLE IN LITTLE CHINA's Jack Burton than DIE HARD's John McClane) and Grace as the distressed damsel of the film. The scenes they have together work quite well and you can certainly feel a chemistry despite Snow's attitude. The film also is smart enough to wear its intentions on its sleeve. It has no pretense about it, and that in and of itself is a step in the right direction. Rather than try to overcomplicate a simplistic film, it allows us to bathe in some pretty impressive set pieces, some terrific moments of humor, and pretty much continue to build momentum.		This is hardly Pearce's TAKEN, but I would like to see him in more roles like this because his charisma, talent and his chiseled good looks make for a good action hero. If you've seen Maggie Grace in her time on LOST, this isn't really anything new for you to see. She's very lovely and has some playfulness to her character and good chemistry with Pearce. Joseph Gilgun is the real standout here as the gleefully psychopathic Hydell, who is kind of like The Joker on meth here and Vincent Regan as the older brother is a nice, almost placid counter-balance to Hydell. Stormare doesn't have much to do here other than grimace, but that's his existence in this film.		When you break the film down, once LOCKOUT gets going, it's hardly the level of the now-classic films that it looks to emulate most specifically, like DIE HARD or ESCAPE FROM NEW YORK, but if you think this is going to be something other than the simple, fun and dirty little actioner it is, you're going to be terribly disappointed.
0,Probably the weakest season, but still part of one of the best shows around. Not high art, but fast-paced and well acted.
0,Love it the cast are amazing!!
0,The final episode of the Harry Potter series is quite dramatic, especially when Harry appears to be dead and it seems that Valdemort is the winner.  However, we knew J. Rawlings wouldn't let it all end that way!  Good books, pretty good movies.
0,yay
0,Outstanding! If only we had a news cast today that is not afraid to report the facts as they are.
0,Its not a romantic comedy.  Its a dark comedy.  As long as you know that it won't be a disappointment.
0,Thank you for the quick delivery.  I liked the movie, but then I enjoy scifi - I'm just wondering what happens to our planet after she dies?
0,Learned so much about the fabulous Frankie Vali and his Four Seasons from this movie that I simply didn't know.  This is a super fun musical with a great story line.  I love period movies.  Period.
0,One of the best DVD's I've seen, short of Blu-Ray quality. This is an almost forgotten classic. Solid acting and fantastic direction from John Ford. Looked great on my high definition T.V.
0,I performed in this play in high school and I was afraid that Hollywood would ruin this quaint tale, but I was totally wrong.  I loved this movie.  Ben Stiller was great in it, the music was great, the scenes were awesome.  There were some slow times, but they were filled with music, which worked for me, but I think would probably bore some people.  They weren't long, though.  I think most people would not agree with a five star rating.  I love travel movies especially when they involve a bit of adventure and self discovery and that's what this movie delivers in a big way.  The fantasy scenes are well done and a lot of fun.  It makes a great date night video.
0,For this Florida boy who first saw this film in a drive-in movie in Pacaghoulie, Miss. while in the Navy, it ranks as one of my favorites, although I can't honestly describe why. It's all a matter of time and place and the secret strings that are pulled within one's own spirit.	I've been away from the surf for a long time now due to family responsibilities but when I finally open my beach chair at the water's edge in Flagler beach, Crescent beach, Vilano beach and Hollywood beach, I know I will drift back to this movie with nostalgia as I feel the heat of the son and the salt spray!	The condo's crowd the beaches now and the beachside bars we used to carouse in are all boutiques, but a man with a beach chair can grab a piece of eternity for a day with a view to rival the six figure cliff dwellers behind him. I love Florida!!!!!
0,Taxi Driver	Plot: Viet Nam vet Travis Bickle drives a cab in NYC and is slowly driven mad by	urban decay.	Review: Believe it or not this is the first time I am seeing this movie. I heard the rumors	about how good it is so I  got the DVD to find out. The movie starts out slow but slowly	gains steam. As we get to know the main character it builds up to a violent climax	well worth the wait. So you will either like it or hate it because of the violent nature	but you will not soon forget it. 4 stars for the movie 4 and1/2 stars for the DVD content.
0,This mini-series is excellent!  I read the book after i watched the show, and it was amazing how Stephen E. Ambrose's words got translated into a picture so well.  I don't know what else to say other than when this comes out, get it, or rent it, you won't be dissapointed at all.  There were 246 reviews on here, 241 of them gave perfect scores, that says alot right there.
0,Good blu ray of classic movie.
0,This fictionalized account of privacy in everyday life and how technology is changing things is right on the mark and very scary.  The story itself and the acting is top notch and the suspense will draw you right in.  If you are a thinking person who enjoys a good suspense movie that stays with you long after it is over then this DVD is for you.  You will want to watch it more than once.
0,Great acting. The movies are entertaining but we need to remind ourselves that that's what it is, entertainment not documentary.
0,Very good
0,Funny and Smart.  Larry David and all the other cast are fantastic.
0,I saw this film at a Toronto Int'l Film Festival industry screening and thought it was one of best documentaries I have EVER seen! I've read a couple of reviews that have called it the definitive film on the subject of abortion - I completely agree. I've never seen anything so complex, complete and emotionally wrenching as this epic work. It stayed with me long after the screening. In fact, it's been a couple of years since I've seen LAKE OF FIRE and it continues to haunt my thoughts. I weeped at the end. My only criticisms are it's length (far too long) and it's use of music, which often bordered on excessive and manipulative. But, those are relatively small concerns when weighed against the film's many positives.		I LOVE documentaries and have seen nearly every major work produced in the past 20 to 30 years (as well as not so major films). "Lake of Fire" may well be my favorite - I'm still deciding if any of the other films I've loved delivered the same unrelenting, yet profoundly emotional punch to the gut that this one did.  This is the best film no one has ever seen!  What a pity!!!!
0,UNPAID UNBIASED REVIEW, unlike other reviewers who got the item for free or at a discount and whose review might be biased, I received nothing for my truthful review which is as follows ..excellent my whole family loves it and the price was right. If you liked my unbiased review please mark it as helpful, thank you
0,This DVD contains 8 episodes from the Dinosaur Train cartoon. Amazon doesn't always do a good job on their DVD episode listings so here are the episodes that are included on this DVD:		1. The Egg Stealer	2. Hatching Party	3. Tank's Baby Brother	4. Diamond Anniversary	5. Nursery Car	6. All Kinds of Families	7. A Sea Turtle Tale	8. The Good Mom
0,Look, This is one of the BEST and most fabulous and excelent Three Films I have seen in my whole life! LOTR has dodged the "Sequel plague" ( sequels and sequels after that from the original are crap....). The trilogy is about frodo has the ring and must destroy the ring in Sammath Nuar in Mount Doom. While they journey to Mordor, The fellowship break up after they follow Frodo to his journey, and they defend themselves from the evil forces of Saruman the white and Sauron. These films are perfect and there is hardly anything wrong, ( ther is bound to be many bad things but all of the bad things are like ratio 1:999 from the good parts)	The acting and the casting are superb and you can feel their emotion which makes us connect with the film. The special effects are realistic, its like your there. The battle for Helms deep and the battle of the pelennor fields are great! non stop- action, no boring parts, pure exitement. It is sad that the Films have ended and the theare experience is gone. however, the films are here to stay, in your hands and you can go back to the fabulous Middle earth whenever you like. I have watched the films ( all three: 7-10 times and still do not get sick of it. maybe its because I am obsessed fan but I became obsessed when I looked at this film and I saw the exelence of the three films.	This is definently the best film I have ever seen, all the oscars they have won, they purely deserve. The score music by Howard shore is Phenominal and I am a fan of the music and the music makes you connect with the film, setting the backgreound emotion.	Lord of the rings is not just fioghting, but emotional film. and the battles are also emotional, they are fighting for freedom, for peace. and we are facing those type of things everyday in our lives.	These films you should get!!!!! there will not be an extended edition box set so get that if you want. JUST GET THE WHOLE TRILOGY!!!!!!!!!!!!! It will be worth your money! Three great films to add to your Library. When you get it, treasure it, just as the treasure of the lord of the rings have opened up infornt of your eyes when you first watched the fellowship of the ring, the two towers and the return of the king.	THIS MOVIE SHOULD NOT BE AVOIDED!!!!!! BUT CHERISHED!	Thanks peter jackson for the incredible journey you have taken us to middle earth... ( and also to Jrr tolkein :) )
0,One of the best movies ever. Far better than the remake with Nathan Lane. Crisp, clear, quick, and Gene Wilder under director control in a fabulous way. Mel Brookes script is fabulous as is Roger the director and Dick Shawn as Hitler.
0,I love, love, love Adele.  Of course this is good!
0,This season is great, my sister and I love this season as well: J.T. and Spinner's prank war, Craig's infidelity, Manny's pregnancy, Marco's gay-bashing experience, Ellie's cutting, Snake's sickness and so much more that you'll enjoy watching. It will not disappoint you at all!
0,I'm thought this was the best picture Farrah did.
0,Many have felt that the ability for the pods to take over the whole town in the first movie was a good stretch.  To take over LA in the second movie was just impossible.  But in this third version of the story, the setting is just right.	An EPA agent and his family are visiting an army base where there might be toxic waste leaking into the environment.  Little do they know that chemicals are not the real threat.  Strange pods have been found in the marsh.	As you are probably aware, the pods grow into duplicates of people and then replace them.  On an army base, once an officer has been taken, it is easy to trap the lower ranks.  It also means that the pod people have access to weapons supplies.	But the locale is not the only improvement in this version.  We get plenty of key scenes where you never quite know who is still themselves and who can not be trusted.  The conversion process has also been improved to explain how the pods can copy people and what happens to the bodies afterwards.	There is quite a bit of nudity in this version, so it is not as accessible as the earlier versions, but is definitely worth it.
0,Lt. John Dunbar is sent to an abandon fort on the frontier. While at this outpost he begins a journey of his spirit. He becomes friends with the local Indians and eventually becomes one of them. He meets and marries a white woman called "Stand with fist" whose family was killed by another tribe. She wonders into their tribe and is adopted by the Village chief. Stand with fist becomes a translator between Dunbar and the Native Indians (eventhough she has not spoken these words (English) since she was two).	John Dunbar begins a transformation were he begins to see these native indians not as savages but as fellow human beings. One day the native people see him Dancing with wolves around a campfire. They then give him his tribal name "Dances with wolves". Overtime Lt. Dunbar becomes completely assimilated into their culture.	Granham Green gives an outstanding performance as the chief. Graham Greenbecomes the first Native American to be nominated for an Academy Award (Best Supporting Actor). Granham also gives a fine performance as Ishi in the movie "Last of his tribe".	One reviewer wrote that this movie tends to romanticize the Indians by portaying them as saintly people. I have had courses in American Indian Studies and I have to confess that it is true. Native Americans have been romanticized in our popular culture. Dances with wolves portray the Indians as good guys and white people as bad guys. This portrayal tends to be one sided. Not all white people were bad. Many wanted to help the Indians. But, because of their short sightedness and lack of understanding of Native American culture, many of their programs ended up hurting the native people. While many movies portray Native Americans are portrayed as Savages, Many Native Americans are also falsley portrayed as great evironmentalists. In fact Native Americans were just as exploitive of their resources as white people. They just didn't create an impact because their numbers were small and their population size was controlled by the carrying capacity of the environment. Many Native American tribes were aggressive and did kill white people with out provocation. Dances with wolves does tend to be one sided and is just as false as any other western that portray Indians as blood thirsty savages.	The story telling was very good and the cinematography was fantasic. The movie really showed the beauty of the western frontier. One needs to look at this movie not as a portrayal of white people or of Indians but, as the Journey of one man's soul.
0,great stuff....
0,For any fan of superman this is an excellent deal...and if you are just a superhero movie fan...then three outta four ain't bad...especially for the price.  The quest for peace being the weakest link in this four film set makes the purchase a no brainer.  You don't get the ultra spiffy re-edited Donner cut of superman 2....but Zod still rules..and the original is still a great version of the film.
0,Awesome!!!!
0,Gritty.  Tragic.  Well worth watching once.
0,I love the way they stuck together as single parents.  They were there for each other....race didn't matter Awesome!!!
0,First off I have read the comics and have seen the movie about 5 times now. I was rooting for team Cap in the movie the whole time just like  when I was reading the comics. However the Russo brothers did a great job in making Starks cause and reasoning throughout the movie sympathetic. This is good because in the comics he was a complete douche bag. I had a lot of sympathy for Stark throughout the movie even though I was rooting for team Cap. I could especially sympathize with Stark when he tells Cap he had a rough childhood and that he really disliked his father but absolutely loved his mother.	This was a spectacular movie and arguably one of the best Marvel movies to ever be made! Cap vs Iron Man! What more could you want?
0,This is a good documentary.  It is awful what people are capable of doing to one anaother.  Jr school kids should see this movie.
0,"Broken" is not an easily categorized movie. It begins with a scene of intense violence as we are introduced to the three suburban families whose lives will be altered (for worse and better) as the result of what follows. While the issues it addresses are adult ones, it does not do so in a sensational way.		What follows the assault that opens the movie are interwoven tales of love (found and lost, romantic and familial), suspicion, doubt, teenage bullying, illness, health, trust, faith, loss and hope (really). These are wrapped around events in the sphere of pre-teen "Skunk". Skunk meticulously tracks her blood test readings as she manages her Type I diabetes and prepares to move into her first year of middle school.		Among those in her orbit are a young adult neighbor (Rick) with indeterminate psychological issues, the Cunningham family (whose three daughters taught Rick mercilessly) and a first-time boyfriend. Skunk's family is rounded out by single father Archie (whose wife has left), her older brother and a live-in nanny, Kazia (whose fiance is about to begin a teaching stint at Skunk's school).		This is a rich plot for mature audiences. Two brief scenes are overtly sexual, and there are multiple instances of actual and implied violence. None are sensational or gratuitous, and all serve to effectively advance the plot.		To reveal many plot details would be to invite spoilers. Just watch this movie in its entirety, because many of its characters act in surprising ways (with a range of good and bad results). And just when director Rufus Norris has you convinced that heartache and bleakness are the only possible outcomes of these events, he pulls us back from the ledge.		A nice break from films centered around formulas and selling toys.		Note: This is part of the Film Movement subscription series; Film Movement provided this DVD for review purposes.
0,Fritz Lang classic, deserves better release, but this one is fine, great film, will do until they get their act together in releasing classics better, Fonda and Sidney are perfect
0,Wonderful remastering of all our family favorites of the holidays!  The bonus features were great too.  Really enjoyed The Cricket on the Hearth.
0,Great movie for the whole family. After watching this movie, all i hear is "a spoon full of sugar helps the medicine go down"	The kids love to sing the songs from the movie. The bonus features have a sing along section on the Blu-Ray.
0,I have watched Season 2 of C&L many times. There is no doubt that the series is one of the very best in television. 26 years later, fans still rave about it and newcomers who see it are enthralled. This is one show that is still serious, relevant, funny, and controversial.		Season 2 has only 7 episodes of quality television programming but still addresses such topics as pornography, illegal adoptions, pregnancy, a police labor strike, and one of the lead characters (Cagney) is shot in the line of duty. Each episode provokes the viewer to actually think about the issues involved.  And the tension that often occurs between the characters generates emotion ...and humor.		During the 6 years that this show ran, the two leads, Tyne Daly(4) and Sharon Gless(2) won the Emmy for best dramatic actress each year. It would be FANTASTIC to buy the studio release of this series. A whole new generation of fans are waiting for this release. THE BEST Series EVER!
0,An excellent film and an essential, little known, addition to the collection of any Isabelle Adjani aficionado. A Region 1 DVD that played well on my multi-region DVD player. Transfer from VHS to DVD is not brilliant and gives the film a peculiarly 1970's grainy, soft-focus, appearance. Something not mentioned in the Amazon products notes is that this Spanish-dubbed film carries English sub-titles for non-Spanish speakers. I greatly enjoyed the plot and the twists of the story. The film is dominated by Isabelle Adjani's mesmerising presence whenever she is on camera. One feels sorry for her co-star Hanna Schyculla, a highly talented actress in other productions, but in this totally overshadowed by the iconic Adjani.
0,One of my favorite Brit comedies of all time!
0,Extremely well done. Great acting all around with terrific depiction of coldness of East Germany and its people at that time. Mark Rylance did a wonderful job as the Russian spy and he delivered some great lines.
0,this is great it has gore,	creature violence,guns.and	the most important thing	a good ending so no more	bad reviews ok.
0,I guess... in spite of being a hard rockin, fun lovin getting on in years dude...I must be old school in my soul... I loved this work of art!!!!!
0,It's Dragon Ball Z, only with less screaming and more punching
0,Great pricing. Awesome product quality. Fast shipping. Will do business again.
0,The themes in "The Citadel" remain timeless because so many atrocities in medicine that existed in the Thirties ring true today. Andrew Manson (Robert Donat) is an idealistic doctor whose first assignment is in a Welsh mining town where typhoid runs rampant primarily due to the indifference of the local government to living conditions.  Subsequently, he takes a position in another mining town where his practice is literally destroyed by prejudice and superstition.  Disillusioned, he takes up practice in London where his only concern is overcharging his patients for minor procedures like ear piercings.  Eventually he hooks up with a cadre of physicians whose only pleasure is fleecing the upper crust for real or imagined ailments.  Manson could have been completely corrupted by the darker impulses of his profession if not for a tragedy that hits a little too close to home.  Donat is superb in assaying the odyssey that Manson takes from wide-eyed idealist to cynical greedhound back to a man who clings to the principles of his profession.  Ralph Richardson is equally good as the voice of reason and integrity for the medical profession.  Rex Harrison is deliciously smarmy as a doctor more concerned with bilking his patients and hitting the links than actually treating the sick.  Rosalind Russell as Manson's wife embodies the confusion of a woman who married a man out of admiration only to be seduced by the material gains his trade brings.  The Thirties produced many great films and "The Citadel" sits proudly as one of them.
0,IT'S A NICK CAGE CLASSIC!!!  HOLLY HUNTER AIN'T BAD EITHER.  LOT'S AND LOTS OF LAUGHS
0,Funny, but TRUE!  Virtually everything in this movie has been experienced by anyone with children and grandchildren.  Highly recommended and very entertaining for those with experience!
0,I just don't get the hater reviews for this film. The Cinematography is off the chain. Even little things like the camera looking from the ground as Constantine drops a cigarette out a cab window, then flipping 180 degrees to a God's Eye view as he steps out of the cab ... I could count off such neat cinema shots in this film all day. And the special effects are quality ... I think we are too used to modern-day CGI to appreciate just how good.		Keanu Reeves gives the character the right flavor of detached despondency, while at the time revealing his desire to escape hell in outbursts of rage and anguish. I know some don't like Reeves because they feel he is flat. I think he is a fine actor that brings a style to film that is a pleasant variety. I don't want the same kind of actor in every film I see.		I though the story was easy to follow with good plot twists. People who felt it was muddled ... well, I think their just dim-witted and want everything fed to them. ;-) Those who say it is straightforward, I think they just don't know how to get absorbed into a story.		If you like Sci-Fi/Fantasy, or comic story folklore, I think you should give Constantine a try. ... and just sit back and enjoy it.
0,I read the book and was shocked to know that theres a movie!! Yay! It was an excellent quality movie. The acting was prime and everything else. Not corny at all. I wish there was a part 2 because it seemed to have a sequel. The books surely do.
0,I really liked this film. Good story line revolves around a newspaper editor and his staff!  This guy Okomoto has this semi- hot wife. She's all submissive and polite typical orential role for a chaste wife!	Anyway, they are having problems in the bedroom! The newspaper adds a female to the staff! She shows up and you know right away what's going to happen! She's a dime man , plain and simple.	So homeboy Okomoto is all over this new girl. Personally I don't blame him! Anyway, not to give anymore away! It all gets twisted this way and that way!	Speaking of twist, for all you bondage affectionados out there! The bondage scenes are complete with soundtrack, whimpers, and you can hear the ropes twisting and straining clear as can be! Buy it,  rent it, check it out!
0,We are big fans of veggie tales and this movie is really good.  It teaches a great lesson about forgiveness and the kids love the music!
0,Great story from struggle to struggle but with a sheer determination to succeed in life by hard work and respect
0,My daughter LOVES LOVES LOVES this show, so glad that it's now on Amazon because they stopped casting it on Netflix...Would have been so bad if I didn't find it on Amazon. My girl is hooked!!!
0,Night Gallery was a classic tv series much like twilight zone but	it's obvious the last season was on it's last legs. But it's still	great and better than anything on tv today! I just compare it to	the first two seasons especially season one with the great pilot	episode still my favorite! The stories are good great acting and	directed. Ross Martin and Burl Ives has the best episode. I like	them all just not as much. I still recommend as must have!
0,Granted, there seem to be some episodes missing, why, I don't know, but in response to an earlier post, there are 13 episodes, not ten, the shows is still fresh, not stale, in fact I like it better then first couple of seasons, so pick it up for a laugh, ponder the missing episodes.
0,Great special effects, normal not great acting you expect from jp movies, the dinosaurs are the real show though of course and they didn't dissapoint. I had to take 1 star off though for the woman spending the entire movie, including while running from a t-rex, in high heels and never once removing them but still running like a track star! That just killed me every scene she was in! Lol
0,see. you won't be disappointed.
0,great
0,I enjoyed the ending of the series. I wish it had gone on longer. It is unfortunate that they haven't released it yet in the US.  The only way I found to see it was to buy the DVD from the UK then watch it on a region free DVD Player.
0,One of my favorite stories
0,Arnold Miller capitalized on the trend in mondo filmaking with his 1965 documentary London In The Raw. With taglines screaming "The World's  Greatest City Laid Bare" he helped to usher in an English version of the popular Italian genre.		Looking at the film some 48 years later what we get is a tame, very British look at London nightlife in the mid-1960's. There are a few segmenys meant to shock and some nudity (a gym scene, a hair transplant for shock value) but most of the film's short run time is devoted to a sort of London club tour. The places we visit give us a brief view into what life was like back then The film is a pleasant historical document and the BFI should be thanked for bringing such a rare film to the general public.		As part of its Flipside Collection the BFI has presented a great package for those looking for some of England's more offbeat films. The set is one of its dual packages offering the film in both a Blu Ray and standard definition DVD. The print is almost perfect and quite possibly better than most would have seen it on release. The color is vibrant and the sound is clear. The true value of this release also lies in the assembled bonus features. There are three "London Sketches" all by filmmakers Peter Davis and Staffan Lamm: Pub(1962), Chelsea Bridge Boys(1966) and Strip(1966) which provide a grittier feeling look at the principal material. There is a shorter alternate cut of the film presumably created for international distribution with different and somewhat more explicit footage and a great booklet featuring an essay and biographies of the filmakers.		This is once again a great package and a great historical document that is well worth the price of admission even if the world's greatest city is not exactly laid bare.
0,Ok
0,A good bit of this film is a superhero-origins story, in which we follow Steve Rogers (Chris Evans), a plain-featured young man of about 20 years old who is a classic "90-pound weakling," as he tries five times to enlist in the Army during the early part of World War II. He is consistently rated as "4F" because of his size and various health issues, including asthma. Inside that small, frail body, however, resides outsized courage, honor, loyalty and persistence. During Steve's fifth trip to the Army recruiters, those virtues in Steve draw the attention of Dr. Abraham Erskine (Stanley Tucci), a German scientist who escaped the Nazis and is working on a top-secret program to develop super soldiers. Colonel Chester Phillips (Tommy Lee Jones), who is in charge of the program, wants to use a soldier who is bigger, stronger and has more training for the first human experiment with the Dr. Erskine's super-soldier formula, but the doctor strongly disagrees. He says the other soldier is a bully, but Steve is a good man. It is crucial that anyone receiving the formula be of good character, because the formula enhances the existing personality traits of whoever receives it. Steve would become even more of a good person, but a bully could become a villain.		The experiment is a success, but immediately after Steve is transformed into a handsome, ripped, perfect specimen of manhood, a Nazi spy assassinates Dr. Erskine and steals the formula. Though Steve manages to stop the assassin from escaping, in his first act of heroism as a newly minted superhero, the flask breaks in the process. Without a sample of the formula, it cannot be replicated because the doctor never wrote down the whole formula. Steve is now one of a kind. Unfortunately, the military can't think of anything to do with him other than turn him into a US-flag-wrapped peddler of war bonds appearing in USO shows with chorus girls, until Steve is sent abroad. He finds himself entertaining the recently decimated troops of Col. Phillips and is horrified to discover that his best friend James Buchanan "Bucky" Barnes (Sebastian Stan) has been captured with 400 other Allied soldiers and is being held prisoner in a massively defended fortress deep in enemy lines. Col. Phillips insists he would lose far more men than he could save going after his captured men, and refuses to do anything. But the colonel's assistant, a female military officer, Peggy Carter (Hayley Atwell), encourages Steve to fulfill his destiny as the super-soldier Dr. Erskine created him to be by staging a one-man rescue raid.		On every level this film is outstanding. It is directed by the talented Joe Johnston (Jurassic Park III,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Jumanji/dp/B000031EGV/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Jumanji</a>&nbsp;). The screenplay by Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely (the writing team best known for the three&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Chronicles-of-Narnia/dp/B000E8M0VA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Chronicles of Narnia</a>&nbsp;films) is an excellent adaptation, staying true in every important way to the world of a comic-book icon with a 70-year history of stories in Marvel Comics since the Captain's first appearance in 1941.		All of the actors are terrific, but the star, Chris Evans (who played the comic-book superhero, Johnny Storm, the Human Torch, in the two&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Fantastic-Four/dp/B00005JNTU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Fantastic Four</a>&nbsp;films), is superb. Evans gives a depth and breadth to his performance that is remarkable for any genre, but especially for a superhero film. In his capable hands, Steve is endearingly humble, yet enduringly determined to have a chance to contribute to the worldwide struggle against the Nazis in the beginning, origins part of the film. And after the transformation, he compellingly presents Steve as a fascinating contradiction of a relentless, manly warrior who is still emotionally innocent and nave.		Steve's relationship with Peggy, as his romantic interest in the film, has significant barriers to their connection that makes it both amusing and exciting to watch. She is his superior officer and, for a young man who has barely even had a conversation with a woman before her, it takes more bravery than going to war for him to aspire to a relationship with a woman like Peggy. She is not only gorgeous, but a formidable warrior in her own right. What I found as intriguing as the romantic potential between these two, however, is the fact that they bring out the best in each other. Peggy gives Steve the inspiration to seize his destiny as a super-warrior when the colonel and other leaders have ordered him to sit out the war, and Steve's innate sensitivity and goodness soften the shell of cynicism Peggy has developed around her heart in the harsh, man's world of the Army.		The incredibly versatile Stanley Tucci (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Devil-Wears-Prada/dp/B000J103PC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Devil Wears Prada</a>, The Lovely Bones) is terrific as Dr. Erskine. Hugo Weaving (who played V in&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/V-for-Vendetta/dp/B000FS9FCG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">V for Vendetta</a>&nbsp;and Agent Smith in&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Matrix/dp/B000P0J0AQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Matrix</a>&nbsp;movies) is his usual brilliant self as the villain Red Skull. Anytime he appears in anything it is a gift, but he is particularly skilled as a comic-book super villain. As for Tommy Lee Jones, he was simply made for the part of Colonel Chester Phillips. Sebastian Stan (Carter Baizen on&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Gossip-Girl/dp/B000W6ZUUC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Gossip Girl</a>) is a convincing choice as Bucky. He and Chris Evans have excellent buddy chemistry as best friends since childhood. All of the other supporting actors are great, too, including Neal McDonough (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Traitor/dp/B0000ACOXL/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Traitor</a>) as Timothy 'Dum Dum' Dugan, Derek Luke (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Antwone-Fisher/dp/B00005JLRZ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Antwone Fisher</a>) as Gabe Jones, Kenneth Choi (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Street-Kings/dp/B001BP4K22/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Street Kings</a>) as Jim Morita, and JJ Feild (Northanger Abbey) as James Montgomery Falsworth.		Finally, the special effects in the action scenes, aided by computer-generated imagery (CGI), are absolutely breathtaking, making this movie a must-see on the big screen. There is also one other CGI effect that I found awe-inspiring. The real, buffed Chris Evans is trimmed down via CGI to the pre-formula Steve.  "It's pretty amazing," Evans told Reuters. "They took shape out of my jaw line, they shrunk my skeleton, and they made my shoulders less broad."  They certainly did. The skinny Steve has the body of a prepubescent boy. As for the actual physique of Chris Evans--he went through a specialized training program to put on 15 pounds of muscle on a physique that was already quite ripped.		Among the multiple feature films already done on the Captain, this should delight fans as a standout contribution.
0,Probably the greatest overall history of the Apollo missions, really gave a ton of insight into the minds of the astronauts that went to the moon. Also found that it made me think about the significance of normal everyday problems when you think that had I been to the moon, every single thing person place I have ever read about, talked to, and known I could cover up with my thumb. Humbling. Beautifully shot and scored. Neil Armstrong was not interviewed for this movie which actually improved it I thought.
0,An epic story that has yet to be topped by any of the other Star Trek films. A must see.
0,Some people who hate on this film obviously couldn't suspend their disbelief long enough to enjoy it.  It's not the greatest DC hero, but the outer space sequences were really cool, especially in 3D, and Ryan Reynolds' suit effects were cool to see glimmer as he stood with the Core.  The final battle may have been weak, but I'm sure they were hoping to set up sequels with larger battles ala Star Wars or other space opera.  Hopefully they won't give up on this franchise, it would be a great way to see other cosmic DC heroes show up in later sequels.
0,Not often have we seen a news story developed into a good movie....and we figured this one would highlight the Navy Seals for what they did...the story line was 2/3  about Captain Phillips, his crew and interaction with pirates.....1/3 about Seals. Great development of storyline and great acting....after viewing you can see why it received Academy award nominations.
0,Albeit it's B rated at best, it's a cute movie; great for wholesome family entertainment.  Very heartwarming, and free of any kind of smut.
0,CLASSIC TELEVISION: BLOOPER BONANZA 1960s includes bloopers from the 1960s TV series "Star Trek," "McHale's Navy," and "Laugh-In," each running about 15 to 20 minutes. About 15 years ago I bought at a science fiction convention a videotape of "Star Trek" extras, including hilarious bloopers from the original series. This is very similar to the bloopers on my videotape, including the length of about 15 minutes, but there are some differences here. Editing is a little different, and oddly this one is censored, whereas my videotape version was not. When someone says a curse word it's bleeped out, which is frustrating since you often can't tell what the person said. Since these bloopers have usually been shown at conventions and available for private purchase and NOT shown on TV, why were they censored here? Much of what's funny about bloopers is that people said and did things that could not be shown on TV, so in my opinion it's too bad that the uncensored version was not put on this DVD. I would have dropped my rating to 3 stars because of this, but decided not to because as far as I know this is the only place that these are legally available. Also, the picture and sound quality are still terrible here as they were on my videotape, although from what I've heard about their origin I'd say that there's probably not much choice there. I should note that some of the "Star Trek" bloopers are only fully understandable if you know a lot about the background of the show, but they're still funny even if you don't know those things. Perhaps optional subtitles should have been added to explain some of this.		The "McHale's Navy" and "Laugh-In" bloopers are also very enjoyable although sometimes raucous, and with a little better picture quality than the "Star Trek" bloopers. I don't mean to minimize them, it's just that I know a lot more about the "Star Trek" ones. And I should note that despite the title of this DVD, there are NO bloopers from "Bonanza" here. Well, someone MIGHT think there were!
0,fun fun.
0,Anyone who loves The Waltons has to purchase this last season starring Richard Thomas. The kids are growing up and the problems they face are bigger. John Boy is the author, owner, and publisher of his own newspaper, and Mary Ellen gets married. Definitely a must-have for any fan!
0,"Where Danger Lives" and "Tension" were both released in 1950 with archetypal femme fatale scenarios. "Where Danger Lives" was made at RKO during Howard Hughes' tenure. It is a more expensive film, with A-list star Robert Mitchum and an upscale femme fatale, while "Tension" was made at MGM with very middle class characters and a middle budget.. "Where Danger Lives" also qualifies as a "fugitive couple" film and "Tension" has a "wrongly accused" subplot, so there are a lot of noir staples packed into these two movies. They are not the most outstanding film noir I've seen but both are strong, enjoyable films, and Faith Domergue's performance in "Where Danger Lives" is a highlight.		The danger in "Where Danger Lives" begins with a gesture of kindness. Dr. Jeff Cameron (Robert Mitchum) happens to be on duty at a hospital when a woman who has attempted suicide is brought in. The handsome doctor saves her life and she invites him to her home on the pretense that she owes him an explanation for giving a false name. Her real name is Margo Lannington (Faith Domergue). She's rich and glamorous and dolefully lonely. Jeff falls head over heels for her, in spite of having a rather more down-to-earth girlfriend at the hospital. But Margo says her father (Claude Rains) disapproves of the relationship, so Jeff pays him a visit to clearly state his intentions. And the couple end up on the run from the law.		Even before Margo's situation becomes clear, "Where Danger Lives" invites comparison with another RKO film in which Robert Mitchum played a man hoodwinked by a mentally unstable woman: "Angel Face", made 3 years later. Both Margo and Jeff are stronger, smarter characters than those in "Angel Face", and that makes this a better film. Margo is unstable and motivated by perverse emotional needs, not ambition, in contrast to a typical femme fatale. But she is also conniving and possessed of an instinct for seduction. The way the film explains Jeff's gullibility is a little amusing: He has a concussion and can't think straight. The fugitive couple's misadventures in small towns could also be comical, but their desperation and outsider status make Jeff's anxiety quite palpable, to unnerving effect.		Lieutenant Bonnabel (Barry Sullivan) of the Los Angeles police department introduces "Tension" with a menacing explanation of how he solves crimes: He stretches suspects to their breaking point. Tension. Bonnabel narrates the story of how a mild-mannered pharmacist named Warren Quimby (Richard Basehart) was driven to contemplate murder by his flirtatious wife Claire (Audrey Totter). Warren works the night shift, manages the drug store, scrimps and saves, all to make Claire happy. But a dissatisfied Claire leaves him for more monied and fun-loving Barney Deager (Lloyd Gough). Warren's anger leads him to conceive the perfect murder. He plans to create an alternate identity and simply murder Barney as someone else, someone who doesn't exist.		Claire is a curvaceous but uncomplicated femme fatale, a middle class woman unsatisfied with her lot and dismissive of her husband's hard work. She wouldn't be very interesting if Audrey Totter didn't play her with snide gusto. Thanks to Totter, we can delight in her callousness. Beside all the Los Angeles locations, the striking aspect of "Tension" is Lt. Bonnabel's methodology. He sizes Claire up right away and turns the tables on her by seducing her. He becomes an homme fatal. I guess it never occurred to Claire that a man could play her the same way she plays men. It's a lot of fun to watch.		The DVD (Warner 2007): Both films have a theatrical trailer, a featurette, and an audio commentary. There are no scene selection menus, which makes it difficult to study the films from this disc. "Where Danger Lives: White Rose for Julie" (6 min) interviews film noir historians and critics about John Farrow's direction, Howard Hughes' role, cinematography, and characters. "Tension: Who's Guilty Now?" (6 min) interviews film noir historians and critics about John Berry's direction, the cast, and the femme fatale archetype. The audio commentary for "Where Danger Lives" is by Alain Silver and James Ursini. As always, they talk a lot about the cast, including bit players, structure, style, characters, themes. The commentary for "Tension" by Alain Silver and Elizabeth Ward, with some prerecorded commentary by Audrey Totter, discusses the cast, locations, themes, behavior, and scene analysis. Subtitles are available for both films in English SDH and French.
0,The movies I ordered came in brand new condition, and I enjoyed watching every minute of the hilarious 80's classics. I actually went on a pre-order list for the movies at BB.com. Needless to say I never received my movies after they were released for sale, due to a supply shortage. I came to amazon, and ordered the same product. I received my movies within a week. I was floored by the response time alone..... Service at amazon was stellar.
0,The Bob Hope Specials: Thanks for the Memories" is a collection of comedy-variety specials the entertainer did for NBC-TV. Beginning in 1950 and spanning five decades, the specials spanned ten presidential administrations from Harry Truman to Bill Clinton. His star-filled USO Christmas shows were performed to servicemen around the world.		Hope had an extensive career on radio, in movies, and on television. Noted for his comedy timing and specializing in one-liners and fast-paced delivery of jokes, he would often direct the gags at himself, first building himself up and then tearing himself down. He is one of the first comedians to use cue cards.		This 6-DVD set contains 13 specials from Hopes career featuring dozens of celebrity guests. Highlights include Hopes first comedy special in living color with guests Jack Benny, Bing Crosby and Janet Leigh; The Bob Hope Chevy Show, with the complete cast of I Love Lucy plus James Cagney; and a spoof of Star Wars and other sketches with Tony Bennett, Perry Como, James Garner, Mark Hamill, Dean Martin, Olivia Newton-John, Barbra Streisand, Tuesday Weld and The Muppets.		 In addition, theres a murder mystery parody with Charo, Milton Berle, Don Rickles, George Gobel, Alan King, Don Knotts, Groucho Marx and Vincent Price; Hopes 1967 USO tour to 22 bases around Vietnam, Thailand, and the South Pacific with gust star Raquel Welch; and a look at Hopes personal relationships with American presidents including Franklin Delano Roosevelt, Bill Clinton, John F. Kennedy, and Harry S. Truman.		Also included is a collection of bloopers from 30 years of Hopes shows with George Burns, Sammy Davis, Jr., Angie Dickinson, Phyllis Diller, Burt Reynolds, Don Rickles, Brooke Shields, Elizabeth Taylor, Mr. T, John Wayne, and many others.
0,Classic comedy tapes
0,Great movie!  Great Price.  Fast shipping.
0,When a "Ammie" friend of mine raved about this movie I knew it would have to be great! I have always been a big fan of the book 'Where The Wild Things Are' and I was curious to see how the movie would play out. Considering the book only has a little over 300 words, I was very impressed with the way the film's embellishments enhanced the true meaning of the book. It not only captures the essence of the book, it surpasses it in every way.		I would like to point out that this film will NOT appeal to everyone. It's kind of an art film, which isn't a bad thing, but it will not please the majority. I must confess that on my first trip through this bizarre world I was a little perplexed. I did "get it", but sometimes I'm a little leery of my own interpretations. Having always been a child or felt like one even now in my 50's, I loved the way the makers of this film were able to capture how a child feels and more importantly were able to make us feel how a child feels throughout this film.		There is an uneasiness watching it as you never really know if things are going to go terribly wrong. The character's on this island of monsters are really different facets of Max's personality allowed to completely run amok. Carol filled with rage, Alexander who feels ignored, the mysterious and brooding Bull, Ira and Julia, one who needs praise and the other is insecure, Douglas the soothing inner voice and K.C. the mother figure to Max.		Besides being a very deep and well written film, it also looks fantastic with it's bizarre world that these incredible creatures inhabit. I personally can't see how a kid could really enjoy this film, but after talking about this film with my buddy Andrew, he told me his very young daughter loved this film too! I guess kids are more in tune than we give them credit for? I know when I watch this film from time to time, I will always think of Andrew and his little "muffin" running wild on all fours on this island, better known as their living room when the wild things are fast asleep.......		This one's for you Andrew!.....and a rather long review for me! :-D		As for the DVD the film looks great, but the extras on the single disc are very thin, a bummer and a pretty sad release for such a great film.
0,i enjoy old time hollywood actors like wayne, douglas, meredith and fonda. one of few movies with jill haworth. good shootum up and lots of fringe hollywood stars (even archie bunker). some say this film is over-long. in the context of war, this film is very short. douglas is a love him/hate him charater in this film and does a fine job of it. see his sinister looking face when he stares at haworth just before he is about to ... (can't give away film), yet, douglas can't for the life of him key a microphone when using a two way radio. that's a huge flaw in a film depicting combat reality. if u love war movies, this will do fine but it is not a "private ryan". you will find the special effects wanting. for its time, it does hold up. over- all, this is typical hollywood glossy.
0,This is a story partly about how the Catholic Church has been maligned and mistreated vis--vis its so-called collusion with Nazi Germany. When viewed in light of the political "numbers game", actually they (including Pius the Pope) may have been weighing the greater good vs the greater bad in decisions/non-decisions they made. Who are we (USA) over 2000 miles away to really understand a Vatican and Europe surrounded and intimidated by Nazi soldiers every day?		Specifically, this is a movie about the real imprisonment of scores of Catholic priests in the infamous Dachau Concentration Camp. It centers on political intrigue. But, more so though, it is about faith and courage in the face of certain death.		A very powerful movie. I am amazed that it was actually made by Germans, indicating a sincere sorrow for their country's past sins and a willingness now to confront these head on.		It's one of the very best movies of the Nazi era genre I have ever seen. It's a fast moving thriller of a film. It is in German, with very good English subtitles. Bravo Zulu to all actors. Excellence.		A hidden gem of a film! Thank you German friends! I wish we in America made such films with such depth.
0,3.8 stars		At first this seems like just another hokey old flick, but within 15 minutes things pick up nicely and it becomes a rather funny statement on greed and fatcattishness. The leads are good, Sturges' pen and camera are both sharp as usual, and there are a few nice little speeches that could easily come from It's A Wonderful Life or other classics.		What's most appealing here is the respect and love for the "common man", and the rather bold little rants against selfishness and mindless capitalism. The boss' speech at the end about believing in greatness only because others believed it first hits the nail on the head quite uncomfortably, and shows that the more things change...		While no masterpiece, Christmas In July is well worth watching as a pleasantly amusing film with real heart.	And at only 67 minutes, it's a nice little amusement that doesn't force you to sit through many slow moments at all.	Wouldn't mind seeing some new movies this short; double bills again, anyone?		Btw, we got this from nitflex, and it was part of a multi-disc Sturges retrospective also listed here. But seeing as we only saw this film, it didn't make sense to review the whole series. So let it be known that this particular dvd of that series is welll-transferred and looks very good indeed. The sound is clean and very quiet but never muffled, the blacks have a fair bit of depth (kind of vital for b&w films!), and all in all it's one of the better transfers from this era you'll find out there right now.
0,I enjoyed the series and hope for more.
0,This is a wonderful film. Beautiful, slow moving, entrancing. I am quite shocked by the few reviewers who were turned off it due to the F-bombs! But then again maybe that is a US thing. I am European and if people thought this film had bad language they don't want to rent European movies lol. Anyway the language was just an accurate reflection of the culture being portrayed.		Same with the scene on the decking - nothing wrong with it - it was a really tender scene yet some were offended.		If you are VERY easily offended then maybe this will not be for you - but if not this is a gorgeous film, with great acting and wonderful scenery and for me it is the best Alex O'Loughlin has been.
0,Written by Nicolas Van Pallandt and Directed by Ian Sharp, the UK (United Kingdom) Film Council and New Zealand Commission present: TRACKER, starring Temuera Morrison and Ray Winstone. This 102-minute, motion picture presentation comes to it's viewing audience in color, on a single-disc, DVD in 16 X 9 widescreen format in 5.1 English Dolby Digital Audio with optional English and Spanish, subtitles. And, this engrossing movie has the distinct honor of being, the: 'Official Selection of the Toronto International Film Festival', as well as, the 'Official Selection of the Valencia International Film Festival.' It's rare that a new film feature is the recipient of both prestigious 'Official Selection' Awards. And, as a bonus, the Special Features include interviews with the Cast & Crew, in addition to a Trailer Gallery. The story theme and content open with a brooding and mysterious yet intriguing Bounty Hunter (TRACKER), having undergone the horrific loss of his beloved wife and children, is trying to put his past behind him by relocating to the country in which he once served within it's military. Remembered and encountered by one of the remaining Military Officers, he is petitioned to join a hunting party in search of a supposed murderer. A Native, who was innocent of the crime. The TRACKER reluctantly agree's and soon finds himself at odd's with the hunting party, as too which direction the suspect went and how to go about tracking him. But, the innocent Native Countryman although wounded in a fight that branded him a killer, had a few surprises of his own..., for his TRACKER's. Knowing the lay out of the land, he successfully eluded them while heading towards his destination. The sacred site of his forefathers. Meanwhile, frustrated in their search for him, the tracking party decides to split up and the TRACKER, sets out on his own. And so..., the chase begins. And what it boils down too, is the real life game of 'hide and seek' between two men: The accused killer and the TRACKER. And once the two of them have their violent encounter..., the one-time game of 'cat and mouse' begins to fade, as they begin to disclose things about themselves that left them vulnerable. Particularly, to each other. The once hunted was deemed innocent and the TRACKER, was inadvertently forced to confront his past and do some deep, soul searching. As the rest of the hunting party caught up with the two of them, the TRACKER realizing that the Native was innocent had to make a life altering decision. That being: To sell out an innocent Native Man on two fronts. One, for the collection of the bounty money and secondly, give in to the prevalent racial and social prejudice. As opposed too, letting him go free. And, in so doing, hurt himself for life while simultaneously becoming aware of a life-altering secret. From of all people, the Military Officer under which he once served. This compelling motion picture deals with not only the will and measures that one will take to survive, but psychological warfare in the forms of fact verses fiction, guilt verses innocence, life verses death and the extent to which human beings are willing to confront their past, so that they can move on and into their future. Not only for the sake of justice for themselves and others, but more so for healing and closure. So, what happened to the Native? And, what did the TRACKER end up doing to himself..., that changed his entire life? Watch and see, as this intense, action and adventure drama, unfolds. Captivating entertainment and a brilliant movie that is not to be missed! A definite keeper for your DVD collection. Nina Kish
0,I watched this yesterday and would love to discuss this movie with someone, but it contains too many spoilers without to do that. So...I will wonder a little about some things in Zev's early life. His journey to find men on his list from the Holocaust, while having dementia, had me feeling slightly anxious throughout and the third of the four encounters had me almost as riveted to the spot as the last. I felt like I was there beside him which attests to Christopher Plummer's wonderful acting.	I had no expectations, I knew it got good reviews but was thought of as "implausible' by many but still a very acted movie. I was captivated by it from the first 5 minutes and any implausibility didn't impact the movie for me at all.		I also liked the "extras" on the dvd version from the director/writer.
0,Excellent product, quick delivery!
0,As promised.
0,I had not seen UHF in quite a long time.  Remembering that this movie made me laugh hysterically when i was younger, I jumped at the chance to pick up this DVD when i saw it.  Though I had a few doubts that this movie would have lost its magic for me, I felt confident non the less and fearlessly made the purchase. I like a lot of Weird Al's stuff, I think he is much more talented than people give him credit for, and even though this movie got trashed at the box office, it became somewhat of a cult classic, and rightfully so. UHF is a unique combination of spoofs and a zany plot that I really enjoyed.	The cast and characters were quite unique to say the least.  Weird Al held his own, but Michael Richards steals the show. You know him as the wonderful Kraimer from Seinfeld and he really is amazing in his role playing Stanley Spadowski.  The supporting cast keeps the movie light and entertaining and the antics, spoofs and one-liners keep you at least mildly amuzed for most of the picture.  There are a few scenes that were overly corny or dragged out too long, but all is forgiven in my mind once the Rambo scene breaks out.	Overall, UHF is good stuff.  It's a better movie for older people that can appreciate the spoofs on the 80's and its definately not a movie that everyone will enjoy. But if your looking for one of those wacky movies that doesnt always make sence, but is sure to make you laugh, check this one out because "We Got it all...on UHF!".
0,This film does a good job of depicting the story of The Jackson family's life. I could watch it over and over and not tire of it. I think you would like this movie even if you are not a Michael Jackson or The Jacksons fan. It is a love story and the story of a family rising from rags to riches and all the hardships of both worlds. It makes you hurt for the family members while at the same time cheering them on. All in all it is a very good story. I hope this review helps.
0,Great suspense/thriller. I would recommend people to watch it. It is a bit intense and is definitely an adult movie. Definitely a classic that is a must see.
0,I loved the series growing up. It is great to be able to see all the episodes at once.		Some of the stars you will see as guest stars are very good also.		A great movie for Seniors who were Combat fans as I was.
0,A bit to long for our grandson, but info was accurate
0,wonderful!!
0,Good movie series
0,This unrated version of the movie contains excellent bonus material on DVD including an extensive director's commentary, deleted scenes, and a menu choice to view the nude scenes of the movie only.  The movie is justly famous for the precision and clarity with which female breasts are photographed.  According to the director's commentary, this unrated edition differs from the theatrical release in at least the graduation party hot-tub scene, where evidently in the theater the actress was not topless when Cooper jumps in the tub.		True to its genre as an example of kind of Jugendfahrenheitverbildungsroman, the film offers excellent glimples into middle americans attitudes towards europeans: England is exemplified by soccer hooligans and Paris is typified by a robot street performer.  Only the introduction of a gay Italian seems to cut against accepted archtypes.
0,Robert Ballard's search for the Japanese sub fired upon by the Ward an hour before the attack on Pearl Harbor and the promise of the first look inside the sunken USS Arizona may be the featured selling points for this wonderful National Geographic special, but it is the personal stories of Pearl Harbor survivors that makes this a moving, incredibly rewarding video experience.  This special, hosted by Tom Brokaw, was filmed to coincide with the 60th anniversary of the reprehensible sneak attack, and it is definitely one of the most impressive Pearl Harbor documentaries I have seen.		The video deals almost as much with the present as it does the past, switching back and forth between then and now in a pattern which basically takes you through the overall sequence of events on the day that will forever live in infamy.  Personally, I could have done with much less footage of Ballard's search for the Japanese midget sub; it's certainly interesting, but the search fails to provide us with any important new information.  The footage taken by robotic vehicles from inside the Arizona was also interesting; this was, after all, the first time the interior of the ill-fated battleship has been seen since the morning of December 7, 1941.		I won't quibble very much about the description and footage of the attack.  Obviously, this one video could not go into all of the tragic events of that day, but it does offer a good overview of the situation, does great honor to those who died that Sunday morning as well as those who survived, and gives mention to several facts that aren't mentioned all that often - e.g., the fact that a sub was spotted approaching Pearl Harbor four hours before the attack (and three hours before a second sub was sighted and fired upon by the Ward).  It also describes the senseless positioning of naval forces on that morning, making US ships and planes sitting ducks to the overpowering air attack.  It does not go so far as to cast blame or ask who knew what in advance, but it does drive home the point that Japanese forces gave themselves away three times in the hours preceding the attack, but no action of any kind was taken by anyone on Oahu.  It should not be a secret by now, of course, that the depth of the disaster that day had as much to do with American military incompetence as it did the actual Japanese attack.		The heart of Pearl Harbor, though, is the stories of the victims and the survivors, and this documentary does a great service to all those young men and women.  Personal stories of bravery, such as that of Dorie Miller, are told, but these are far surpassed in emotional terms by a number of personal stories of victims - these are stories some men carried with them for decades, and few can relate them now without shedding tears of horror and heartbreak.  One survivor had come to Pearl Harbor for the first time in six decades, finally opening up and telling his story because he knew he had only a few months to live.  All of those men who suffered and died must never be forgotten, and they must never be relegated to mere numbers.  Hearing the personal stories of survivors, no matter how horrible the things they describe witnessing, brings the importance of every individual soul lost that fateful day into the proper perspective.  I daresay there are very few men and women who can watch this National Geographic special without becoming emotional themselves - it is a powerful presentation that I think every American should see.
0,Freddie Kruger doesn't scare me.  Neither does Jason Voorhees or any of the other boogiemen that populate the Cineplex.  Sure they can make me jump once or twice, but they do not haunt my dreams long after the movie has ended.  What scares me is something that could actually happen.  Thankfully I do not ski because Frozen would have kept me off any chairlift for the foreseeable future.		The plot is simple, three friends sneak their way on a chairlift one more time to get another run in before the mountain shuts down only for them to get stuck halfway up the mountain when no one realizes they are still on it.  Making matters worse it is Sunday and the slopes do not reopen until Friday.  Then the movie asks, "What would you do?"		The movie has some slow spot and surprisingly most of them do not come on the chairlift that makes up eighty percent of the movie.  What Frozen does a good job with if feeling the same fear that those three on the lift are feeling especially as they mull over their decisions, each more dangerous that the previous one.  Much of this comes from some excellent casting, most notably Emma Bell who was a great find.  If you are a fan of the horror / suspense genre, Frozen is a must see, unless of course you plan on going skiing ever again.		The DVD also comes with a few interesting behind the scenes featurettes that shows that yes, this movie was film on location at a real ski resort during winter, and that the actors were really up there without an aid of green screen.  One of the featurettes even gives you a weather report for each day of filming just to show how cold it got.
0,The plot was buyable, but the good guys shooting reminded me of the A-Team.  The overall movie had great effects.  The acting was very good.
0,Even though I don't have children I really enjoyed the humor and the trials of single women raising children alone!
0,A Cult Classic!!!
0,First, some movie trivia.  Fans of WINGS OF DESIRE, the 1987 Wim Wenders film, should take note of the tailor that Clark Gable summons later in the film to make "twenty" suits for Spencer Tracy.  The actor is Curt Bois, and he later played the part of "Homer" in WINGS OF DESIRE, the very old man first found in the library in Berlin, who aspires to be a witness to all he has seen in his life (ironically, one of the things he remembers are the atrocities of WW II, during which time Bois was living in Hollywood).	On one level this movie is about wild catters hunting for oil, but in reality it is about love and friendship. The oil industry actually serves as a backdrop, and after the first few scenes, it serves merely as a backdrop to the ups and downs of the main two characters. To be honest, it might be hard to watch if the three leads weren't played by such superb actors, and if excellent character actors weren't filling key minor roles. Luckily, Clark Gable, Claudette Colbert, and especially Spencer Tracy make this film truly worth watching.	I have trouble with Clark Gable in most of his films. He always has a super macho attitude towards women, carries a chip the size of North Dakota on his shoulder, and is more beset by false pride than any actor in the history of film. He also comes across as frequently pretty stupid, a fact emphasized in George Clooney's imitation of him in O BROTHER, WHERE ART THOU? Still, he did possess an undeniable screen presence. He and Claudette Colbert do not here have the kind of chemistry that they had in IT HAPPENED ONE NIGHT, but they nevertheless match up well onscreen. Clark Gable and Spencer Tracy made several movies together, with Gable always managing a slightly more important role, but in every film they acted in, Tracy managed to walk away with the best acting honors. Tracy had to have had the most penetrating eyes in the history of cinema. The cast is rounded out by Frank Morgan and the inimitably voiced Chill Wills. Hedy Lamarr plays a supporting role. She simply had to be one of the most beautiful women in the history of film. Unfortunately, her voice and acting ability fell far short of her extraordinary beauty. Publicists in the old studio system always tried to tag actors and actresses with nicknames, and Lamarr's was "The Most Beautiful Woman in Films," and I can't disagree with that one.	The plot is essentially guy meets guy, guys become friends, guy accidently steals the girl of the other guy but they all remain friends, guy loses guy and nearly loses gal, guys both have their ups and downs and ups and downs and ups and downs, guy gets guy, guy loses guy, guy and guy and gal all get each other again and live happily ever after. The ups and downs are a bit extreme, and I found them somewhat silly, especially given the fact that the entire action of the film supposedly takes place in less than eight years.	So, by no means a perfect film and one that is very easy to criticize. But nevertheless, this is also a film that is very easy to enjoy, thanks to typical performances by an extremely strong cast.
0,I love seeing the book coming to life. However, some of these characters are sadly miscast. I can't quite wrap my head around Martin Freeman as Bilbo. I have seen him in too many other shows recently. And Cumberbatch? Those two need to go back to Sherlock and Watson. I'm just thankful for Gandolf and the Ring, always the Ring.
0,wow, i would have given this movie 10 stars if system allowed me to do so.  Ultimate war related sad story that I am afraid many veterans have experienced the similar issues.
0,Interesting
0,I LIKE GOOD MOVIE HE IS TOUGH BETTER THAN YOU HA HA
0,I have watched this movie alot on televison. It is a great movie with knights and demons. It is full of adventure. I am a	big fan of Jason Stantham. And recommoned it to any one that enjoys watching him.
0,My kids all play the Dragonball Z Game, and watch the cartoons on TV, and when I saw that they had made a live-action movie I had to get it for my kids.
0,If you enjoy Jet Li movies like i do then this is, if not the best, one of his best movies hes ever done. WORTH BUYING!
0,Way ahead of his time....  It can be rough to hear at bits, but I love this man and his ability to put on a Broadway production of a "one-man" social commentary while speaking in a bar...  Love this man.
0,Very enjoyable movie. My nephews were long board and short board wave chasers in Hawaii. Very accurate.
0,A classic and so very well done. Horror fans will consider this first rate!!! This film really explores the development of the " Frankenstein"	Story
0,great move to own
0,Good watching
0,The Alamo was originally an adobe mission compound on the outskirts of San Antonio. The film starts at the end of the battle. News of its fall reaches the Texans. Then the story begins one year earlier. Sam Houston wants to go to Texas. David Crockett, former Congressman, is a legend in his own time. [The show "Lion of the West" is a pun on Crockett's story-telling.] The Texicans (like other Mexican states) oppose the military rule of Santa Anna (who worked for the big bankers and landowners). There are personality conflicts between the Texians, and the conflicting policies for the defense of the state. [You need to know the history to understand some of the scenes.] The Alamo is the sole defense against the Mexican Army. Santa Anna made a winter march for a surprise attack. Captured rebels (or freedom fighters) are executed by Santa Anna.		The militia voted for their leader (democracy). Travis commands the regulars, Bowie the volunteers. There were no sentinels watching for the expected return of Santa Anna's forces, which greatly outnumbered the Texians. The defenders prepare for the worst. The Mexican artillery fires at night to deprive the defenders of sleep. Colonel Travis bravely recycles a cannon ball. Sam Houston wants a unified command. Houston doesn't have enough soldiers to relieve the siege of the Alamo. Santa Anna allows some to leave the Alamo. There is a red sky at evening. Some write letters to home. Santa Anna will take no prisoners.		Santa Anna ordered a simultaneous attack on all sides to overwhelm the defenders with numerically superior forces. [The Texans had better quality gunpowder.] After a while the battle is over. David Crockett resists to the bitter end. The Texians retreat east. Santa Anna splits his forces to pursue the refugees. General Houston knows the Mexican forces will become weaker, and the opportunity to attack will come. The battle of San Jacinto was over in 18 minutes. Santa Anna signed a treaty recognizing the independence of the Republic of Texas. Nine years later Texas became the 28th state. The war with Mexico followed and led to the expansion of America.		This film was said to be more historically correct than John Wayne's 1960 film, but it is less dramatic. This version correctly ends with the victory at San Jacinto, but skips over the massacre at Goliad. As entertainment, the 1960 film is better. You should read a book to best understand any historical film. Neither film did well at the box office, few historical dramas do well. It's difficult to pack weeks of history into a few hours without skimming over facts. This film shows the character of Santa Anna better than the 1960 film.  A decade later Texas joined the United States. Then Mexico declared war on America, and lost California and the other territories.
0,I just love watching soulfood, from the first to the season finale.  There's just one thing, what happen to season 4?  Too bad, they don't have anymore seasons.  I'm just sad to see that it's not a running show anymore.  I recommend anyone to purchase and watch soulfood.  It's a Masterpiece.
0,Better than I remember it !
0,I really liked this box set.  Not only are the films thrilling and fun to watch, but the Extras make it a must to have in ones collection.  Particularly, if you are a fan of old time Detective Thrillers.  Also, if you are a fan of the great Peter Lorre.  He adds the extra exotic spice to these movies.
0,Funny movie, but I was hoping for more scenes when he's actually in the office. How many of us can relate to the main character and feel that way about our jobs? Good for a quick, thoughtless laugh.
0,In the final cut of this movie the editor corrected some mistake from the previous cut.
0,One of my favorite animated movies for a great price and good quality!
0,Lovely movie.  It's a bit predictable, but it's a sweet movie with great acting by talented actors.  I ran into it while channel surfing one Saturday afternoon & decided to rent it so I could see the complete movie with no commercial interruptions.  I'm glad I did.  I very much enjoyed it.
0,I recommend this video.  Horror films can be quick and dirty these days, relying on special effects and mood music alone, while a monotone boring script with dull cliche acting clings on for dear life. There are not many films in the past few years in this genre that I can truly recommend, but I do suggest this one.  The unfolding events held my interest though the entire film, and I found that I actually cared what happened to the characters in this movie.  The script was above average, the acting was well done, and the special effects did not rule the movie but rather enhanced it.		The plot is interesting.  A man has memory flashbacks of events that don't seem to match with his current life.  He feels out of place.  He knows something is wrong but can't figure out what it is.  This movie is primarily about a man in a desperate situation trying to remember his past, trying to recover lost memories, and trying to avoid being murdered by a supernatural stalker who wants him dead.  But Ian Stone can't die.  The stalker murders him, and Ian rewakes in a new life, new events surround him, and again he tries to remember who he is.  This repeats several times, until slowly he begins to remember, with the aid of a stranger who keeps appearing to him..., who he is, and what happened to cause all of this.		The video worked well, no problems at all with the disks, audio and video were perfect.		- Mike S.
0,Nearly all the films made from Tennessee Williams' plays reveal their stage origins, but none more so than "Summer and Smoke". I must admit that its theatricality put me off at first, but there are many things about the film I do like.		I was interested in seeing the film after I read reviews of "Splendor in the Grass", which claimed that the basic idea for that movie was borrowed by William Inge from Tennessee Williams' "Summer and Smoke". I love "Splendor," and wanted to see if the 'Bard of the Midwest' could possibly have copied from Tennessee's homework.		"Summer and Smoke" is set in an early 1900's small town in Mississippi. A young woman, Alma Winemiller (Geraldine Page), the daughter of a minister, is in love with the boy next door, John Buchanan (Laurence Harvey), the son of the local doctor. However, she is repressed emotionally, believing that personal dignity is paramount, while he is adventurous and wild. She stays at home nursing her mentally ill mother while he goes out into the world living life to the full.		John returns and has affairs with other women, which hurt Alma deeply. Although each comes around to the other's way of thinking, by the end they are just as apart as in the beginning.		Yes, Inge probably saw "Summer and Smoke" when it opened on Broadway in the late 40's, and there may have been an influence, but I think most people would probably need it pointed out. As far as the two movies are concerned, "Splendor" is the more accessible work while "Smoke" does struggle to overcome its stage roots.		But with that said, "Summer and Smoke" picks up the pace along the way, and the two leads are good together. Geraldine Page, an unusual beauty, repeats her role from the stage. She has some tough speeches to deliver, but the vulnerability of her character gains sympathy before the end.		Then there is Laurence Harvey. I've always found him a striking screen presence, and was therefore surprised to find websites where his peers from British cinema and theatre have been quoted as saying he was a bad actor. They seemed to get his roles on-screen mixed up with his life off-screen - a colourful one to be sure. However, there could also have been sour grapes involved; he was such a good-looking dude with a great voice to match, and the camera loved him. In fact, he gives the most natural performance in the film.		Many years before I saw "Summer and Smoke", I knew Elmer Bernstein's score. It is a beautiful and nostalgic work with a heart-wrenching main theme. The music gives a haunting sense of loss to the film, offsetting the staginess of backlot sets and overlit photography. It shows the power of music to enhance a film.		I am glad I saw the film now. It moves at its own pace, and presents some challenging ideas. Maybe it's not the best translation of Tennessee Williams to the screen, but it has its moments nonetheless.
0,Slow story but very good CG effects.
0,I think this movie is supposed to be kind of goofy. I really enjoyed it. I laughed out loud several times. Tom Hardy - always wonderful. Chris Pine was very funny. The both of them outshined Reese Witherspoon by far. Chelsea Handler - hilarious. This movie was really entertaining and I am not a big romantic comedy fan.
0,very good, good movie . really love this film
0,Awesome
0,So very good!  By the end of every show, I am exhausted!  Very stress filled!
0,Very cool movie
0,What a fun mix!  Got as a surprise for my wife.  She loves "For Richer or Poorer".  I think "Pure Luck" is one of the best  movies ever.  Funny, you never hear about it, but is definitely worth watching.  "King Ralph" is just fun.  And "Ghost Dad" was kinda' the era of squeezing liberal politics into every movie....but the movie's okay.  Won't watch it again.  Anyway, the four are sure worth the price; three outta' four, not bad!  Dave in Colorado
0,"From Beijing with Love" is an early Stephen Chow movie that is rough around the edges, chock full of problems, but full of the manic comedic joie de vivre that infuses Chow's later "Kung Fu Hustle," "Shaolin Soccer," and others.  This film appears to have been made on a shoestring, with subtitles that may be from a fourth grade class in Shandong.  But despite the lack of budget and polish, there are some very funny laugh-out-loud bits in here.  This movie is not Chow's best, but it shows you how he got to his best, and it's worth at least a rent.
0,Superb film, interesting story. Rhys Ifans does a great job. Good period piece as well.
0,I had never seen a psychological suspense movie of this sort before, and I loved every minute of it!  This is one you will not soon forget, you may even find it hard to sleep after watching this one!!
0,Thanks
0,Once more Tom Selleck lights up the screen as Jesse Stone.  His acting is fantastic and the plots are always interesting.
0,I got this for my mom. Yes my mom she got so addicted after I was watching it so I decided to buy it for her and it got here just in time to surprise her (:
0,Amazing,  love Jack O'Neil he rocks!
0,fun little movie
0,Good Stuff
0,This is a daring and hilarious movie that is not for people with delicate dispositions. It is as offensive as possible, taking no prisoners. Because it came out in 1999, there is a blissful ignorance of the coming mess in Iraq following 9/11/01. Saddam and Satan no longer seem so terrifying. But forget that... The movie is nothing short of audacious. When I first saw it, my mouth was open in shock when I wasn't roaring with laughter. The minute it came out on dvd, I bought it. And it's a great musical to boot! I've urged every person I know to buy it, and will continue to do so.
0,LUV THESE
0,Great story and good acting. It had very dark moments and really underscored the problems in the music industry and specifically with addiction. Overal, intriguing and interesting.
0,The word creative is often overused, and I'm also guilty, but in this case I thought the storyline was unique enough to warrant such an accolade. Reminded me a bit of the highly regarded, and ahead of it's time, old "The Prisoner" UK TV series except that the prisoners in Gantz are dead - sort of. In both films our characters must figure out why they are in an, in-between world, and being forced by an unknown faceless source to complete tasks in order to escape. Both films are very Kafkaesque. Good subtitling, acting and great CGI. Look forward to sequel (s).
0,Best story line, acting, cinematography (AMazing)... this show really spoils you for it all...  Exceptional program in every way.  Hightest rating possible...
0,The first time I watched this movie I didn't know how I felt about it.  So the next day I watched it again, and walked away really loving it.  The special effects are cool, and it is not like any other superhero movie out there.  I think this is why I needed to watch it a second time.  The movie is extremely graphic both in violence and sexual content.  The movie is done in dark overtones, which tells you up front what kind of movie it will be.  Though I must say for the most part I think it worked for the movie, because as I said it is not like any other superhero movie out there.  The characters are flawed, and besides Dr. Manhattan they do not have any superpowers.  These are normal men and women dressing up in costumes and saving the day.	For me the best acting of this movie came from Carla Gugino, and Jeffrey Dean Morgan; these two were incredible in their roles.  I have been of fan of both actors for along time.  They seem to have the ability to play almost anything and they really brought these characters to life.  Jackie Earle Haley was another stand out actor for me.  Every scene he was in was amazing.  Patrick Wilson and Malin Akerman were also very good in their roles.  The chemistry between them really helped their characters.  Because of this movie I will never look at another superhero movie the same way again.	The only thing I can say bad about this movie is one thing.  Dr. Manhattan really should have worn pants or something at all times.  But like I said this movie is not for the weak of heart or those who blush easily.
0,Fantastic series. I like it better than "Band of Brothers", which I also really like. Does a great job of showing how difficult the Pacific Theater was!
0,One of the best shows I've ever watched on TV.  Never disappoints.  Always good plot turns & twists.  Great characters of depth & substance.  Highly recommend!
0,I like the Detective Dee films. They are a mixture of Martial Arts and Who Done It movies. The only negative I have and it's not about the movie but with the english sub-titles. The words blended into the scene of the film and to me was hard to read at times. But other than that it was a very enjoyable movie and well worth watching.
0,I like show that keep you guest
0,It would be a 5 but it ended too soon!!!
0,Love it
0,Buy it
0,This movie is wayyyyyyy tooooooo adorable.  A must see and own.
0,A movie about a kid who decides to make a school project about his impending suicide and involves other kids in it with devastating results. Ironically, he finds the value of life and becomes more fulfilled. A great coming of age film.	This film is creative and unique and is successful at creating empathy for the characters.
0,It was well done good cast
0,Wonderful!
0,My wife and I are both hooked on this series.  It's better that Downton Abby in my opinion.
0,great
0,Being a Godzilla fan since the age of eight, I have been waiting for this moment for the past ten years once I found out that the version with Raymond Burr was not the true version of the film. While the Burr version is a good one, I kept hearing that it didn't quite capture the horror and the emotion that the original version had. I must say this is very true.		After watching the film, the Americanization of the cut out most of the raw emotions the Japanese felt during that period and how much they despised nuclear weaponry.		The movie moves at a brisk pace to begin with but, unfortunately, the emotion is not as strong in the first part as it is in the second part. It also begins to slow a bit with quite a few human scenes that, sometimes, are kind of pointless and don't do much to help the film. This film is a little over twenty minutes longer than the Americanization and it shows between the two films. I must say, for more action in a shorter period of time, the Americanization (which is included in this set) is your film of choice. The Japanese version is more emotional and is able to throw a point across that is absent in the American version. Both are good in their own ways and bad in their own ways as well.		However, the Japanese version seems more novel and not like some monster-on-the-loose film the American version portrays it to be. Some nice extras are included here such as a commentary by Godzilla experts/lifelong fans and a theatrical trailer.		This is a must-have for all Godzilla fans!
0,Best show ever
0,as described
0,I have seen this movie before and it is still a treat to watch. The characters, the process, and the changing of minds always catches my interest.
0,Lucille Ball began her third weekly series on CBS on September 23rd, 1968. After selling "The Lucy Show" to Paramount, Lucy wanted to own her own show, so she created "Lucille Ball Productions" to produce her new sitcom. Lucy had already finished an amazing run on CBS with her "I Love Lucy" show in the '50's, and her 1962-1968 series "The Lucy Show" never went out of the top 10. It was very important for CBS to keep her as the network knew Lucy had a loyal fan base that wanted to watch her week after week. "The Lucy Show" finished its final season in 1968 at #2 in the national Nielsen numbers, so expectations were high that "Here's Lucy" would be an even bigger hit. Lucy had nothing to worry about: both the fans and critics loved her new show, with "Here's Lucy" staying in the top 10 in its first three years.	 "Here's Lucy" was different than Lucy's other two series in that she cast her real-life children, Lucie Arnaz and Desi Arnaz Jr., as her on-screen kids Kim and Craig. Lucy also brought back the marvelous Gale Gordon as her brother-in-law Harry and boss at the Unique Employment Agency in Los Angeles, which was the setting of the series. Lucy played Gale's crazy secretary. The wacky redhead continued to make viewers laugh for six more years on CBS, and many fans, including this one, believe "Here's Lucy" was Lucille Ball's best television work. Lucy has even admitted that out of all her shows, this one was her favorite.	 As the 1970's arrived CBS wanted to change its image as the "rural network" by canning shows that featured longtime tv personalities like Ed Sullivan. Lucille Ball was a different story however. "Here's Lucy" would continue well into the '70's as CBS' top-rated show. In 1970-1971 "Here's Lucy" finished the year as CBS' #1 program!	 In 2004 "Here's Lucy" made its debut on DVD with a 24 episode boxset featuring the best episodes of the series. That boxset has a ton of special bonuses including commentary by Lucy's kids, rare network TV promos for the show, a much more. In this new "Here's Lucy" Season One Boxset special features will include new videotaped interviews never seen before and new introductions by both Lucie Arnaz and Desi Arnaz Jr.. Other rare gems are Featurettes, Screen Tests, home movies, making of the main title, and a rare interview with Gale Gordon. It is wonderful to see MPI bringing back this beloved show that has been rarely seen on television in the past two decades. The series had a CBS daytime run from May-November 1977, and in 1982 "Here's Lucy" went into national syndication. The sitcom has rarely been seen on cable stations as it surprisingly does not bring in good ratings. In the late '90's PAX TV aired the show for awhile then it disappeared. The studio also promises to release every season in individual boxsets so that is something to applaud.	 This boxset contains all 24 shows of the first year uncut and digitally remastered from the studio's 35 mm negatives for excellent video and audio clarity. A total of 144 episodes of "Here's Lucy" were produced. The first three seasons were fimed at Paramount studios in Hollywood, but the last three years were shot at Universal. The most famous episode was the season premiere of the third season in 1970 featuring Liz Taylor and Richard Burton. That episode catapulted "Here's Lucy" to the top of the ratings and put Lucy and the Burtons on the cover of TV Guide that week.	 In the show's first season boxset many stars are featured including Jackie Gleason, Shelley Winters, Jack Benny, Wayne Newton, and more. The pilot of "Here's Lucy" is included called "Mod, Mod Lucy", where Lucy has to perform in the place of her daughter in a band. Lucy tries to sing, albeit with her mouthing the words to a record, and she proves she is quite a dancer. You will laugh hysterically when Lucy comes out donning a black wig, trying to be a teenager. She really fits in with the younger generation!	 Many other celebrities graced "Here's Lucy" over its run including Eva Gabor, Carol Burnett, Ann-Margret, Johnny Carson, and more. Vivian Vance also made many guest-star appearances over the years as Aunt Viv to the delight of fans everywhere.	 Don't forget too that "The Lucy Show" makes it first-time debut on DVD in July with the Complete First Season boxset. That series too is excellent.	 UPDATE: "HERE'S LUCY-THE COMPLETE SECOND SEASON" ARRIVES IN STORES NOVEMBER 3rd, 2009!!!
0,A modern classic.  A++
0,Made a great gift
0,Realistic.
0,Good family fun.  We usually don't like this kind of movie...but enjoyed this one a lot.
0,Classic Walter Matthau,  one of his best!  Love Glenda Jackson and look for	Walters son - such a hoot!! Must see for all fans!
0,Ok
0,This film was excellent.  As was the entire SAW series.......this just was a great way to end it.  Hey,theese are my opinions...you may not like them all. I do.  But this one in my view is the best.  The SAW series is famous for plot twists.  This one has the biggest one of all.  And it actually makes more sense of the other movies.  Check this out....rent it first if you want.  Then buy it....like I did.  (I didn't rent it;though I caught in the theaters.)  Great xcast feaeturing;Sean Patrick Flanery.  So....if you love SAW......you'll love how it ends.
0,The quintessential definition of "turn-about is fair play".  Well cast, well acted, great cinematography.  Keeps you engrossed from start to end.
0,Every one should see it.
0,This riveting documentary follows Lance Armstrong's rise to Icon and tracks his stunning fall from that pedestal. Much of the material here is now sadly familiar, but what makes this film so fascinating is we see what a vengeful bully Mr. Armstrong becomes as his cheating threatens to be exposed. He destroys those who question him, intimidates those who don't like him, and worst of all, hides behind his cancer diagnosis and recovery and uses that to take "Victimology" to a whole new level. Curiously, there are no comments from his ex-wife Kristin or former fiance Sheryl Crow, which is surprising given the complexity of his deception. Both women had to see or hear something that was going on. In any case, Mr. Armstrong is a disgrace that should be in prison (isn't that what they do to people who commit fraud?).
0,great
0,Arrived early.  No damage to package. I really did like this movie.  Really nice story line.
0,This was a great epic.  It had all the elements to keep you riveted until the credits.  The main characters are well thought out and well acted, each with a valid reason for their actions. Also glad to see Arabs have a vehicle where they are not the villains.
0,"In The Valley Of Elah" isn't really a movie about the Iraq War - it's about the soldiers who return home from it and the parents of those soldiers who don't return home at all.		Written and directed by Paul Haggis (who did the equally superb "Crash" and "Million Dollar Baby"), the movie is far less showy than "Rendition" and less posturing than the ridiculous "Lions For Lambs". And while "Elah" has an unfolding power in its carefully measured pace, it's also braver in its assessment of the American military and their less-than-angelic ways...		Tommy Lee Jones and Susan Sarandon play Hank & Joan Deerfield, the parents of a young soldier Mike Deerfield, who has inexplicably gone missing since his return from a tour in Bosnia and Iraq in November 2004. Hank visits the base where his son bunked, but neither Jason Patrick as Lieutenant Kirklander, James Franco as Sgt. Carnelli nor any of his division buddies are helpful - and worse - many seem unnerved - almost as if they're hiding something very nasty. A local beleaguered Detective in the police force, single-parent Emily Sanders (played by a superb Charlize Theron) gets embroiled in what she suspects is a grieving father being shafted by the canny US military. And without giving away too much, on the story goes...		One of the movies great strengths is of course the presence and capability of real heavyweights like Jones, Sarandon and Theron. Tommy Lee in particular is sensational. Just when you thought you'd seen every stone-clad grimace he can throw at you, for "Elah" he digs down deep and finds tremulous moments that floor you with their power and humanity. His character Deerfield is "army" - old-school values and discipline - he presses his trousers over a table to get the crease right - fixes an American flag that has been hanging upside down - calls all women 'mam' and won't be seen without a clean shirt on in front of any of them. Yet Hank is not naive either - he knows that his boy's tour of Iraq wouldn't have been without sickening cruelty or even dishonour. But what gives the movie its emotional core is his skill at depicting that. You can 'feel' his barely-contained lashing-out rage bubbling underneath - or when he just quietly sits in his pick-up truck in sad-eyed despair - why are American sons left in pieces on scrubs for wild animals to feed on - did I impose my `will' on my boy and force the army life on him - and why does civilian America not give a shit about any of it?		There's a scene where Sarandon walks away with her husband down a corridor - there's no music - just them walking away - her hand outstretched in disbelief. The camera stays stationary - watching them walk away in silence - and you know the buckle into his arms is going to come - you know it - and yet when it does - it still has the power of real hurt.		Theron is great too - one of the most intelligent actresses working in Hollywood today - she has her beauty toned down by dowdy dark hair and clunky uniforms - and it works - you concentrate on her first rate acting. There's a scene when she hugs her sleeping son at night who needs the bedroom door open because he's scared - she hugs him close - thankful that he is not another statistic of some ignored list somewhere - you 'feel' what is precious to us - and the utter devastation of having that link to our very soul taken away...		The supporting cast is also universally superb - really good actors in a quality film given quality material to work with - and they know it. Jason Patrick gets his best part in years as the Forces spokesman trapped between the two worlds of the Army's need to cover up and the public's need for the truth; Josh Brolin plays the local Police Chief, weary of unsolved cases and ever so slightly disinterested, but a man who knows that his female detective will terrier out the ugly no matter what. Barry Corbin (of Northern exposure fame) puts in a touching old-army buddy cameo with Tommy Lee in a caf, while Jake McLaughlin and Mehcad Brooks are idealistic and young as the 'just following orders' grunts. Wes Chatham in particular is chillingly fantastic as Corporal Penning - detached and jauntily psychotic as he discusses how hungry he gets after a good day's killing...		"In The Valley Of Elah" is a phrase from the Bible parable about David and Goliath - where David must beat his fear of the monster - and win. "Elah" is neither jolly nor pretty - but it has amazing truths in it. I thought it was an exceptional movie and it stayed with me long after I pressed the stop button. Much like war and its aftermath I suspect for those who really did lose someone...		Put this film high on your `must-see' list and well done to all the good people involved.
0,nothing wrong with this movie its good should make great Christmas gift
0,Good quality!
0,I like the characters in this show. Aggies is my favorite, of course! It is well acted, a little unbelievable at times, as Annie gets beat up a lot and seems just fine, and is way stronger than she looks as she takes on men that are out to get her. Story lines are decent. It has been good entertainmnent in the evening before bedtime.
0,In this strange new world where TV series are actually good enough to be considered high art, alongside literature and cinema, I was not immediately thrilled about a new cop show named 'True Detective'. Although arguably the greatest series of all time, 'The Wire', could be labelled a 'cop show', and there have been some very good police dramas through the years, why bother? Enough with the cops, already... more Game of Thrones, Breaking Bad, Rome, Boardwalk Empire, The Walking Dead, The Pacific, American Horror Story-type unexpectedness. Except... the writers of True Detective knew there was still some crazy, unexpected storytelling left in the good old Homicide. It uses a multi-layered narrative technique that weaves together events surrounding a murder investigation in the mid-90's and present-day interviews of the two investigating detectives, played by Matthew McConaughey and Woody Harrelson, conducted by two younger detectives who are interested in these past events for reasons they are unwilling to share. Both Harrelson and McConaughey give absolutely brilliant performances, but McConaughey gets the standout role with 'Rust' Cohle, a former deep-undercover agent with blood on his hands (Looking gaunt and slightly emaciated, likely related to the weight-cut he endured to play an AIDS-sufferer in 'The Dallas Buyers Club', it fits perfectly with Cohle's monk-like psychic self-flagellation, and his hollowed-out features contribute to his haunted, thousand-yard-stare -- through which he communicates the numbness, the emptiness his character has traded for the agony that would consume him if he allowed himself to feel). He also has the death of his young daughter and his failed marriage haunting him, for which he self-prescribes various opiates and benzodiazepines. He feels compelled to bombard his partner and anyone else with his own acidic brand of existential nihilism, when he's compelled to speak at all. This, of course, does not go down well with his brothers in blue, and his partner, Marty Hart (played by Harrelson), finds himself forced to defend a cop he doesn't like. Hart is a family man, with a loving wife and daughter, but keeps a girlfriend on the side, a situation threatening to blow up in his face. As the two men get deeper into their investigation of a young woman murdered in a manner that suggests pagan ritual, with Lovecraftian themes and recurring symbols, Hart begins to appreciate Cohle's gifts as a detective, and an uneasy friendship starts to develop from that, until everything goes straight to hell... It is only when the tale loops back to the present that any kind of resolution can be found. The writing, by Nic Pizzolatto, and direction, by Cary Fukunaga, is brilliant throughout the season. Unlike most shows, both men handled writing and directing duties for every episode, which likely helped make it such a clear and distinctive vision. I can only hope that next season comes close to accomplishing what this one did.
0,This isn't really a Christmas movie but it's a cute movie.
0,Just wanted to give everyone a heads up that Scorpion Releasing now has the rights to Day of the Animals and Grizzly and will be re-releasing them in 2013 on Blu-Ray, so keep an eye out for them!
0,Excellent product and service providers & happy consumer !
0,My fav Cinderella. I wished there was a part 2. Drew Barrymore was terrific as usual.
0,A meaningful, very well written, filmed and acted movie.  References to Tennyson's "Ulysses" were effective.  Somewhat unrealistic in that decline of physical ability during illness is not a smooth transition, but hey, it's a movie.  I have taken a number of long motorcycle trips by myself, and (except for his consistent good fortune on the road and after break-downs) it brought back good memories. I very much enjoyed this film on Amazon Prime, and subsequently have purchased it.
0,Great Movie! That's all I need to say. Would have been better with the Joker but we all know that story but Bain isw pretty badass. Anne Hathaway does a fantastic job as catwoman. My wife said it best, "Perfect Ending".
0,Love the series
0,Not everyone likes Angie Dickenson, but if you do and you want to see her naked, get Big Bad Mama.  She's naked with both Tom Skerrit and with William Shatner in this film.  Several other actresses are nude, too.		Angie uses a body double in Big Bad Mama 2, but there are flashbacks of her nude scene with William Shatner in it.  What makes 2 worthwhile is the nude Danielle Brisbois, who played a young girl in Archie Bunker's Place on a TV series.  Both movies come on the same disk with several extras, so if you want both movies and are tight on shelf space, this is the DVD to get.
0,Family Matters is a perfect example of late 80s tv sitcoms. Nothing like the garbage that's so popular nowadays. I suppose you could find faults with the show if you really wanted to nitpick it, but really....why not just sit back and enjoy the show ? The menu are nothing to look at. They look as if they were made with Windows DVD Maker, or some other cheap program. But who cares about the menu ? The show is what's important. The quality is much better than what you see on tv. Slightly "fuzzy" at times, but what do you expect from a tv show that's over 20 years old ? The only thing keeping this set from getting a full five stars is the lack of extras. They could have done something for a show that was so popular and is still loved after all these years.
0,This is,the one time in my life I don't care if I date myself. I have watched every Star Trek show/movie released since this new idea of a future that is full of hope and wonder, with a monster which gets the c##p kicked out of it as the human race was seen through the eyes of Gene Roddenberry as a compassionate, unpolitical, curious, and most of all, advanced through much work and the best minds humanity has to offer who just wanted to go out and meet other races, peacefully. It was a noble, encouraging, exciting time and Star Trek almost literally defined today's Science Fiction genre.		Forty-eight years of the best television ever offered, imho, and the last two are a low-rated double pack of the Two newest Star Trek movies. At the most, these two movies were not boring, they encompassed the humor and energy and kept to a specific message outlined above. At the worst, well, I thought they were very good. Then again, I watch for entertainment. I don't pick at every little detail because I can. And, I'd rather have these movies than no movies or shows at all, which, since JJ only made them to show Mr. Lucas he was up to the task of bringing the last three movies of Star Wars to the big screen and keep them true to the original dream.		So, that leaves us now with no one good enough to make any more Star Trek anything. Lighten up, people. So many of you gobbled up 50 Shades of Grey like it was Shakespeare! It was sex c##p next to the WORST Star trek movie or show, and more people know about it than Star Trek these days. What that says about society today I'll leave to all of you who know better.		I am afraid the Star Trek genre is slowing down. I truly hope we, the people, don't ever let it die.
0,I'm shocked and dumbfounded!	Is it even... well, truly conceivable?	Do my eyes deceive? I mean, can it really be ....?	My gosh, yes .. yes, it really is!	A completely DUD FREE DVD boxed collection.	Lord in Heaven! Not a turkey among 'em!	Whoddathunkit?
0,A beautiful fashion model named Daniella (Elke Sommer- LISA AND THE DEVIL) travels from Munich to Rome for her big break. Another model has been killed, leaving a spot open for Daniella to fill. Of course, this isn't just a film about modeling, so Daniella is quickly caught up in a world of blackmail, espionage, and murder. DANIELLA BY NIGHT is a French thriller from 1962. Ms. Sommer is in almost every scene, and she's great! Yes, there is a nude Elke scene, but it's tame and mostly shot through a thin curtain. I especially enjoyed the jazzy soundtrack, as well as the recurring song "Oh, Daniella!". Great fun!...
0,I like Donnie Yen and I generally like the stories he winds up in.  This is an interesting story in and interesting setting.  Nothing to get very excited about but a good story.
0,As good as the 300! Great story great graphics. Make another movie as a series.
0,Excellent, most moving!
0,I'll preface my review by stating I worked for about 20 years as a registered nurse, in programs that cared for senior individuals, many of whom suffered various forms of dementias. I also read the book Still Alice, and found it to be one of the most remarkable works of fiction I'd ever read. While the movie does not quite live up to that standard, I still did like it, and view it as worth the time to see it. I liked the fact it did not dwell on the more painful aspects of losing one's capabilities, without knowledge of why confusion and deficits are occurring. The character Alice went to a neurologist early in her illness and received a credible diagnosis. I thought the story did not dwell quite specifically enough on what it was that Alice was experiencing, but on the whole, it was one of the best portrayals I've seen on the topic. In terms of entertainment value? I'd not recommend this movie for entertainment. It is too sobering to view what could be a documentary of how dementia progresses.
0,Great movie well done.
0,Great clean family movie
0,waiting to view this with my son. he loves Octonauts
0,There's a total of 33 shows and 66 Rocky and Bullwinkle segments in this 3rd season set (same way with the 5th and final season), all restored and remastered; which has more shows than any of the 3 Digimon Fusion seasons! All 4 discs are dual-layered, single-sided discs at normal speed, just like those of season 1! This season has a rare story arc that doesn't have Boris OR Natasha in it, The Three Moosketeers, but it still has a witty, wacky story like all the others that have ever been made! You also get 99 segments here, one shy of 100, of Fractured Fairy Tales, Aesop and Son, Bullwinkle's Corner, Mr. Know-it-all, Peabody's Improbable History, and Dudley Do-Right of the Mounties! The whole 3rd and 4th seasons contain the theme and ending of season 1, with season 2's music mixed into them, like Jay Ward would've wanted, so the legend says. You also get several bonus features on the last disc, like a sneak peek of season 4 (from the "Painting Theft" story), more of Bullwinkle's puppet bits including the infamous one where he advised kids to pull the knobs off their TV sets, and a wacky and "burlesque" montage called "The Best of Bullwinkle's Follies"! Starting with season 3, the show was no longer called Rocky and His Friends and was renamed The Bullwinkle Show, as most people who watched it remember it. This set was originally released in 2005, but it wouldn't be until 2010 when we saw the whole 4th season on DVD (minus a short scene in The Treasure of Monte Zoom, where Boris tells Natasha they need help pulling the plug to Lake Sal De Bain), and 2011 for the entire 5th and last season! What was holding ClassicMedia up, for Heaven's sake?! "Roskonikof!", as Boris would say about such guff! Keep tuned for my review of season 4 called; "Four for the Show" or "No Mo' Bonus Features Here!"
0,Great series but could have been more detailed.
0,An assassin fails to kill Reverend Rhee (Master Bong Soo Han; THE TRIAL OF BILLY JACK - 1974), the leader of The World Wide Church, a Jim Jones-like religious cult, when the Reverend's head goon, Carl (Bob Schott), catches him before he can pull the trigger, forcing the Reverend to torture the assassin with acupuncture needles until he gives up his employer. After finding out that the employer is William Stark (Michael Prince), an old nemesis of the Reverend who lost the use of both of his legs the last time they met, the Reverend apparently lets the assassin go free, only to be killed by something that roams the underground corridors of the Reverend's cavernous mansion cellar. Stark hires black belt Jim Martin (Joe Lewis; JAGUAR LIVES - 1979) to put together a team of specialists to enter the Reverend's Palace of Celestial Tranquility (basically a secret place where the Reverend brainwashes his members) and rescue Cindy Lester (Amanda Wyss), the daughter of a rich businessman who has fallen for the Reverend's religious mumbo-jumbo. Jim picks five people he has worked with in the past to make up his team and we are introduced to them in a series of brief vignettes to show us their fighting skills: Billy (Benny Urquidez), Lockjaw (Sonny Barnes), Ezekial (Richard Norton; RAIDERS OF THE SUN - 1991), Laurie (Pam Huntington) and Willard (Ron Hayden), whom the rest break-out of an Ecuadorian prison. Carl kills Stark by attaching his useless legs to cables connected to cars going in the opposite direction (drawn and half-quartered, if you will), but the Force: Five team (shouldn't they be called Force: Six?) continue with their mission to rescue Cindy. The team goes undercover as the aides to Senator Forrester (Peter MacLean), who has come to the Reverend's fortress on a goodwill tour, mainly to make sure that there are no people there being kept against their will. The detection of an undercover newspaper reporter who has infiltrated the Church nearly blows the team's identity, but the Reverend deals him with in the same manner as the assassin earlier in the film. It all comes to a boil when the Reverend plans to kill the Senator and all the other interlopers in a helicopter crash. Expect a lot of flying feet and fists before this film wraps up.  This martial arts actioner, directed and written by Robert Clouse, who gave us such 70's & 80's drive-in classics like ENTER THE DRAGON (1973), BLACK BELT JONES (1974), GOLDEN NEEDLES (1974), THE ULTIMATE WARRIOR (1975), THE PACK (1977), GAME OF DEATH (1979), DEADLY EYES (1982) and the unforgettable GYMKATA (1985), may not represent Clouse at his prime, but there are glimpses of brilliance here. Particularly interesting are when Jim and his team break Willard out of prison, causing death and destruction, only to discover that Willard is living the high life behind bars (his cell is enormous and contains a huge projection TV, a sectional sofa and a separate bedroom!) and is bedding the warden's beautiful daughter. The only reason Willard agrees to go with them is because they ruined the good thing he had going there (especially when the warden finds out about his daughter!). There's also the mystery as to what roams the basement corridors of the Reverend's Palace of Celestial Tranquility (which is given away if you look at the patch worn by the Reverend's followers); the Reverend's punishment of a quartet of his men who fail to properly guard the huge stash of drugs and guns he has in his warehouse (think very sharp spurs and exposed necks); and lots of martial arts fights with plenty of over-amped sound effects. It's apparent that Clouse based his screenplay on the Jim Jones tragedy in Guyana (this is also an unofficial remake of director Oscar Williams' HOT POTATO [1976], minus most of the humor), but Jim's team makes sure that the outcome is not the same (no mass suicide here), just lots of fights, a smidgen of gore (when Richard Norton kills a man by tossing a rotary saw blade into his stomach, he says, "Thank God for Black and Decker!") and the Reverend's ability to turn himself invisible (a talent I don't believe Jim Jones had). FORCE: FIVE is entertaining in a mindless sort of way and head-and-shoulders above Clouse's (who died in 1997) later films, including CHINA O'BRIEN (1990), CHINA O'BRIEN 2 (1991) and IRONHEART (1992; his last film). Not to be confused with the 1975 TV movie FORCE FIVE, which has an eerily similar plot. Hmmmm... Also starring Tom Villard (POPCORN - 1991) as a fervent Church disciple, Dennis Mancini as the unfortunate reporter and Mel Novak (SWORD OF HEAVEN - 1984) as the assassin. Available on a beautiful anamorphic widescreen DVD from Scorpion Releasing. Rated R.
0,Great movie, reminds me so much of my dad
0,ok. this is a stupid (excellent) movie my ex, barbie , got all excited about right before she had me drop her off at Ray's.. tmi ? no doubt... She's an attractive alluring beauty and stands 5'' 11" ,a well read, pragmatic, fiercely independent and a fearless defender of the weak  and the lost. Always down for adventure, upbeat and inclusive and comfortable in her skin, demands nothing and casually accepts the fascination bestowed by all that pass before her . i consider her to be the perfect woman and respect most every word she may text email or squeals in delight . so sport fans , i give this  movie a barbie "You have GOTTA see this! " and  a personal "Best movie EVER !"
0,Very happy to be able to find this movie. Have not seen this one out for a long time. Thanks
0,Now this film will amaze you.  I surely was impressed with the entire film and never found a dull moment.  The historical information coupled with the beauty of "Karol's" life story will amaze and delight anyone with a good heart.  It is a must see for every child and adult.  I surely enjoyed it and highly suggest you view it.
0,Movie was already spectacular but sure I'll take it in 4K.
0,A surprisingly good movie. There's not much in the way of plot or twists, and I can't really pull and quotable lines out of my head. But visually, it is a very fun movie to watch. The gun fights are over the top, yet realistic looking. People even regularly run out of bullets and have to reload.		This is worth the occasional viewing, and looks great on Blu-ray.
0,I wouldn't blame you if you labeled The Ruins as yet another Hostel, Cabin Fever, Turistas clone. Good looking white Americans acting like jerks in a foreign land get brutality murdered/eaten alive. Judging from the trailers, that's exactly what The Ruins looks like....	Well, ok, they are good looking white kids in a foreign country, but they're not jerks and I can honestly say that they do not deserve what happens to them in this film.	The Ruins is actually based on a quite popular book that I never heard of until after I saw the movie. From what I hear, it's a fairly accurate adaptation (it should be, the same author wrote the book and screen play). Since I never read the book, this mini review will be based on the movie only. Bottom line, I really liked it.	2 couples are vacationing in Mexico (I think Cancun). They meet some other people and become friendly. They go on a hike to an uncharted Mayan ruin. Up until that point, it's a fairly enjoyable teen movie like any others....drinking, sex, a little nudity (wish there was more of that!). When they reach the ruins though, the s*** hits the fan....HARD CORE. Without spoiling too much, let's just say that the friends can't leave the ruins now. This is where the movie becomes a sort of Cabin Fever type movie, where they are all trapped and forced to deal with something they never thought possible. What elevates this movie from others like it is the acting and smart writing. I won't say who dies, who lives, or anything like that, but I honestly cared about the characters here and didn't want any of them to suffer the fate that many/some/all/none (heehee) received. I actually found it sad when something bad would happen to one of them. Normally, when I'm watching Hostel or Saw types, I just want to see how the next person dies.... Here I was actively hoping none of them would.	This is labeled a horror film, but it's not really scary. It's got more than its fair share of "make you squirm" moments, and it definitely can fill you with the "what the F now" kind of tension. But it's not a cheap scare movie. I guess it's more of a Misery type horror movie.	I'd recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys Hostel/Turistas type movies, but wants something that steps it up in the story and acting department. It's certainly way better than what the Saw series has become. There is one thing in the movie that I can see some people not going for...again, I don't want to spoil the plot, but it's one of those things that you either go with it, or you don't. I went with it, and I had a great time with the movie.		One problem with the Unrated version though....the ending is different.  I greatly prefer the ending of the theatrical version
0,Director Robert Aldrich's "Kiss Me Deadly" is an offbeat production based on the Mickey Spillane novel which in 1955 came at the tail end of the film noir era.  The film is a juxtaposition of the dark moody noir genre with the embryonic atomic age.		Ralph Meeker playing narcissistic, unscrupulous private investigator and Spillane anti-hero Mike Hammer becomes involved in a plot that is beyond his normal scope.  Hammer who generates most of his business through divorce inquests, uses both the charms of his sexy assistant Velda played by Maxine Cooper and his own to embellish his cases.		Hammer is tooling along a deserted highway in his signature sports car when he almost runs over a young Cloris Leachman clad only in a trenchcoat and little else.  He stops to pick her up and soon learns that she's escaped from an asylum.  Driving together they are forced off the road and abducted by a gang lead by a faceless heavy recognizable only by a pair of fancy shoes.  Leachman who reveals some mysterious secrets to Hammer in previous conversation, is tortured to death.  She's then placed along with Hammer in his car and they are pushed off a cliff.		Hammer survives the ordeal but gets the idea that he's stumbled into a scheme that has potential for immense financial rewards.  Using his investigative talents and utilizing an array of associates such as auto mechanic Nick, played by Nick Dennis and Cooper,  Hammer comes into contact with a wide variety of sketchy villains including Leachman roommate Lily played by Gaby Rodgers.		We finally learn that the prize that the bad guys are after is contained within a well insulated black case and apparently contains some radioactive material.  The tastefully shoed head of the gang is revealed to be Albert Dekker playing the arcane Dr. Soberin who is in cohoots with Gaby Rodgers.		In the wild and memorable finale with bullets flying in Dekker's beach house and Hammer wounded, Rodgers is warned not to open the case.  In a scene reminiscent of Pandora's box, her curiousity gets the best of her and after shooting Dekker, opens the case creating an unexpected fiery cataclysm.
0,This movie is so funny that it had me on the edge of my seat laughing and waiting to see what was going to happen next. I like this movie.
0,Very enjoyable.  Nice black & white photography, all filmed in a studio setting but done very well.  The dialogue is dated and quite often trite but the performances by Widmark and  Thelma Ritter are very good and the movie comes together quite well over all.
0,Must have for your classics collection.
0,Johnny Depp is awesome
0,Excellent series....and excellent acting and guest stars
0,Another great experience ordering, thanks.
0,great movie for the whole family
0,great product
0,I laughed, I cried, and I laughed again... and cried again!.. and then I smiled.	The Weekend stands as a slightly understated film that made quite an impression - and splash.	It's a story of loss, resentment, desire, pain and forgiveness.	Gena Rowlands is simply charming as Laura Ponti, a seasoned lady who lives her life as she chooses without judgment. A young James Duval delights as Robert, the doomed new lover of Lyle - who recently lost the love of his life.	If you like paced dramas with a hint of peril, The Weekend is for you. At least your heart will smile a few times.
0,Having watched Chris Pratt in Parks and Recorations...my husband immediately wanted to turn the movie off, right at the beginning. I persuaded him to give it a chance and boy were we glad we did. The movie is just freaking hilarious. Especially Rocket and Groot...	All of the cast is good, so many deadpan delivery's ("I am going to die surrounded by the biggest idiots in the galaxy"-Soldana)  to emotions like Rocket saying in frustration " You're. making. me. kick. grass!!!"	Its a fun movie, I think it would be just fine for older children...its one of the few movies that I remember in years that made my nephew laugh out loud and more than once. (younger ones usually like animations and a lot of the humor would go over their heads).
0,Great movie!
0,The DVD is a stunning production.  I only regret that the Russian operas are not more readily available.  The idiom of the music is Russian, but still very enjoyable.		BIG MOE
0,A follow-up on a potentially real situation. (Hi-ho, hi-ho, it's back to Rome we go)
0,Edith Wharton was not only an author, she also was a member of New York's high society. And her books reflected her knowledge of how that society lived. Unfortunately, she passed away before completing this novel, but this mini-series has been adapted per the notes she left behind. Edith Wharton was not Jane Austen. Her novels present more true to life situations and are peopled with individuals who are more realistic.		In "The Bucaneers," four young ladies whose families are attempting to break into high society are not achieving the success their families had hoped for: courtship and marriages with the best of society. In desperation, Mrs. St. George (mother to 2 of the girls - Virginia and Nan) send her daughters to England in hopes of securing their position in society and possibily making good marriages there. One of the 4 girls, Conchita Closson, does manage to marry an British aristocrat. The final girl, Lizzy Elmsworth, eventually ends up in England.		The mini-series revolves around the girls experience with courtship and ultimate marriages, and the fact of what must be dealt with when one marries for social position instead of love. And how they eventually because part of that upper society their families had always wanted for them - and at what sacrifice.		There was a time when women had few choices in life, and to go against those choices was to be ostracized and abandoned by friends and family. It wasn't merely a decision whether to be happy - it was decision of survival. And this story shows that very well. It is said that Ms. Wharton used Consuelo Vanderbilt as her inspiration for Conchita Closson, and Lady Randolph Churchill as her inspiration for Lizzy Elmsworth. Who knows?		This story is not all rainbows and butterflies. But it allows the viewer to think on where women have been, and where they have come, and if they would have made the same decisions had they been in the same situation.		The acting is a little bit to be desired, but overall, the scenery, the costumes, and the storyline are wonderful. Would recommend as a rental, not a purchase.
0,Good show tom select was great
0,Need I say more? if you don't know this movie then you must've lived in a bubble in the 90's so go get it
0,Interesting idea for a movie with great scenes from Seaside Florida
0,My wife and I saw this Bond film the afternoon it was released.  Both us and the entire crowd in the theater were massively enjoying it and everyone walked out greatly satisfied.  Now I read articles decrying it as a terrible Bond film and I am mystified.  It is one of my five favorite Bonds.  This film is fun from start to finish with a great pre-credits sequence and terrific action sequences to enliven the entire film.  Maud Adams returns to the Bond films in leading-lady status after appearing as the secondary female lead in the disappointing "Man with the Golden Gun."  (Moore has stated in interviews that Maud Adams was his favorite leading lady.)  Louis Jourdan is suitably slimy as the lead villain and Steven Berkoff is positively psychotic as the crazed Russian General trying to set off a nuclear device on a U.S. Air Force base in Germany.  (This film was filmed during the time of constant demonstrations throughout Europe for a "nuclear freeze" and this works its way into the plot.)  Much has been written in a negative manner about Moore in clown makeup trying to deactivate the bomb as the seconds tick away.  (Bond has to hide in a clown costume to get onto the air force base where Octopussy's circus is performing.)  I think the make-up just adds to a very suspenseful scene.  I have never understood the controversey it has engendered.  (Most people who write about it just hate Moore's Bond in general and feel this gives them more ammunition.)  The location work in India, like most Bonds, is excellent.  This features the customery excellent John Barry Score and a nice theme song "All Time High" sung by Rita Coolidge.	This film opened in the June of 1983 and did great business.  The highly overrated Sean Connery Bond "Never Say Never Again" opened in September 1983 and did good business also, only not as good as "Octopussy."  At the time the critics went bananas raving about the Connery Bond and had a great time bashing the Moore Bond.  It is poetic justice that "Octopussy" did better business and now "Never Say Never Again" has been reevaluated as the absolute mediocrity it always was, a film Warner Bros. was ready to pull the plug on in mid-production, had Connery not taken matters into his own hands and held the production together.  Moore has stated in his recent autobiography the satisfaction he received when "Octopussy" grossed more than "Never Say Never Again." I guess it gets tiresome being bashed as Bond after starring in 7 greatly successful Bond films.	Anyway, for some reason, people like to still bash "Octopussy."  As previously stated, I don't understand why and feel it is a marvelously entertaining Bond film.  This, like all the recent Moore Bonds, had an audio commentary by Roger.  We are still waiting for the blu-ray release, I hope it comes soon.
0,This is a very good DVD.  My whole family watches this show.  Adults & kids can enjoy this show.  Very family oriented.  It is very funny and the music is great too.
0,Heartwarming, humane, beautifully-acted, heartbreaking, sweet, poignant.
0,"The Magnificent Ambersons" is two stories rolled up into one.  I will explain them one at a time.	First of all, it is the story of a late nineteenth century family, the Ambersons.  The Ambersons are a large, wealthy, New England family who are held in high esteem in their community.  They live in a large, beautiful mansion where they hold balls and invite all the town folk.	Unfortunately, the Ambersons are also very old fashioned and are unable to keep up with the changing times.  When Wilbur Minafer dies, it is discovered that he has made some bad investments that has left the Amberson clan bankrupt.  Meanwhile, his widow Isabel Amberson begins to see her old flame Eugene whom she had stood up years before.  Eugene is in the process of developing a new contraption called an "automobile".  Eugene is prospering while the Ambersons are going bankrupt.  Also, as one of the Ambersons points out, if automobiles become common and roads are built around their property, then the houses will lose their value.  This leads to a wise speech that Eugene gives in response to a rude comment that George makes about Eugene's profession.	Indeed, it's not only financially that the Ambersons have trouble adjusting to.  George Amberson Minafer, the son of Isabel, has grown from a spoiled young child to a spoiled young adult.  He is the scallion of the Amberson clan and the Isabel's pet son.  He is the person that the neighbors keep predicting will one day get "his comeuppance".  George does not approve of his mother's relationship with Eugene and is determined to pressure her into breaking things off with him.	"The Magnificent Ambersons" is an affectionate look at a bigone era and a dark look into the changes that the automobile brought to some families at the dawn of the twentieth century.  It was adapted from a novel by Booth Tarkington and directed with care and affection by Orson Welles.  Welles had previously done a radio play adaptation of the Ambersons with himself in the role of George.  As in that play, Welles narrates throughout the film, even signing off at the end.  The black and white cinematography is gorgeous, indeed some of the shots bring to mind some of the pictures I've seen of nineteenth century houses.  The music score by an uncredited Bernard Herman adds just the right touch.	However it's impossible to watch this film without thinking about the effect it had on Orson Welles.  Which brings me to the second part of the story.  George Orson Welles was a child prodege who, as he put it, had "genius" whispered into his ear from the time he was born.  Starting in the thirties, sixteen-year-old Welles bluffed his way on stage into a Shakespearian production carving out a career as an actor.  He also formed the "Mercury Theatre" which produced some highly original stage and radio plays.  His radio production of "War of the Worlds" scared people across the country into believing that Martians had invaded Earth.  On top of all that, Welles successfully broke into films making "Citizen Kane" for RKO, arguably the greatest film of all time.  And this was all before he was twenty-six!	By this point, many of Welles' detractors were just waiting for Welles to get his "comeuppance".  They wouldn't have to wait long.  While Welles was away shooting a documentary in South America, RKO cut 45 minutes from the Ambersons and added three minutes after the film tested badly at a preview screening composed of rambunctious teenagers.  RKO then put a stop to Welles' documentary and released the Ambersons with few previews where it flopped badly.  While it's a testament to Welles' talents that a film that was so obviously butchered can still get a five star rating, the lost footage is still one of the ultimate Hollywood tragedies.	As for Welles, he suddenly found himself with an undeserved reputation as an unreliable director and a spendthrift.  Welles' career never fully recovered, and although he would manage to cough up enough money to continue his film career, he would never again have the artistic and financial freedom that he had once enjoyed.	Like George Amberson Minafer, George Orson Welles finally got his comeuppance.  He got it three times over and brimming.
0,Not as great as season one but still a great show!
0,birthday present!!
0,as advertised
0,Every movie collection should have this movie. The very best edition of Jungle Book made for visual enjoyment. Several excellent actors and well trained animals.
0,That was fun and an integration of our cultures!
0,I liked it,,but didn't know it was in Chinese with english sub titles,,but I won't keep it...
0,This movie endures as a favorite in corporate (and government) circles because, unlike Dilbert, it's still funny after all these years.  The characters are fresh and engaging (except for the one name, Aniston somebody), the storyline is edgy (if logically flawed in parts), and it made me laugh several times.  A great rental.  Not to buy.  No.		It's also pretty vulgar, though I admit I don't get out much, being the father of two small children (my most important job, bucko).  Do what I did--see it at home while on sick leave.
0,Good Movie!
0,Very inspirational and hopeful at a time when we need all the racial reconciliation we can find! Humorous and down to earth thought provoking. May many watch and be invigorated!
0,Extremely funny, especially without some of the best lines getting bleeped as PBS did when they aired it. Both the writing and comedic timing of the actors are pitch perfect. Of course McKellen and Jacobi are legendary actors, but I didn't know they could do comedy so well too. The actors who play Ash and Violet I'd never heard of but they are superfunny as well. Well worth the price even though it is only seven episodes plus interviews--always leave the audience wanting more I guess is the old adage. Definitely looking forward to season two next year.
0,excellent all 2 strip technicolor film with Eddie Cantor singing his all time signature tune making whoopee one the surving all color musicals of the early sound era
0,"Damages - The Complete Second Season" stars Glenn Close and features Ted Danson, Rose Byrne, Tate Donovan, and William Hurt.  Academy Award-winner Marcia Gay Harden and Timothy Olyphant join the cast in Season Two.  Following the premier season's legal battle and victory over CEO billionaire Arthur Frobisher (Danson), Patty Hewes (Close) has the legal world at her feet.  Just as she's pondering her next move, Daniel Purcell (Hurt), a man from Patty's mysterious past, re-enters her life, drawing her into a new legal challenge.  What begins as a domestic murder case escalates into the highest reaches of government as Patty unearths a vast conspiracy.  At the same time, Ellen (Byrne), Patty's once ambitious protg, is on a mission to take Patty down.  Ellen has agreed to be an informant for the FBI in their criminal investigation of Patty and the firm.  Patty must unravel the mystery surrounding Purcell and negotiate the dangers both inside and outside her office.	 The raison d'etre of "Damages" is Ms. Close, who etches a constantly fascinating portrait of the formidable trial lawyer.  Her Patty is intense, intelligent, shrewd, and volatile -- all business one moment, all girlish and playful the next.  Her unpredictability gives the show an edge and distinguishes it from other TV lawyer dramas.	 The three-disc DVD contains all thirteen episodes of the second season.  Bonus extras include cast and crew commentaries on selected episodes, deleted scenes, a Season One recap, seven character profiles, and a Season Two Post Mortem in which the creators take a look back at Season Two.
0,Amusing and funny.
0,An amusing story with such broad appeal.  I actually loved watching this film with my children.  Children, toddlers and teens all love this movie!
0,It was an usual type movie, although, I enjoyed.
0,Love, love, love this documentary! Some of the top health experts giving you great advice to get and keep you healthy!! I recommend you watch the Forks over Knives then watch the extended interview.
0,Love IT
0,This movie deals with after the liberation f Germany. But it tells very little about what Lore's parents were up to which makes the story a little confusing.
0,"KNIGHT AND DAY": FAST-PACED, WACKY, ADVENTURESOME, THRILL-RIDE OF A MOVIE WITH CAPTIVATING CAMERON & CRUISE LIGHTING UP THE BIG SCREEN!!!! (BRILLIANT CASTING!!) TOM CRUISE + CAMERON DIAZ = CHEMISTRY!! A WONDERFUL SUPPORTING CAST, INCLUDING THE VERY TALENTED (BUT MUCH UNDERUSED) PETER SARSGAARD, WHO CAN BE SEEN CO-STARRING WITH JODIE FOSTER IN "FLIGHTPLAN". RELEASED AROUND THE SAME TIME AS "KILLERS" WITH CATHERINE HEIGL AND ASHTON KUTCHER (NOT EXACTLY SAME THEME, BUT SIMILAR) "KNIGHT AND DAY" IS, BY FAR, THE SUPERIOR FILM!!! SNAPPY DIALOGUE WITH CRUISE HAVING ONE OF HIS FAMOUS "TAG LINES"!! FASTEN YOUR SEAT-BELTS & ENJOY...THIS MOVIE HAS IT ALL!!!
0,Denzel does it again must see.
0,I wish everyone had seen this version of Cinderella, which alongside the Disney version is the one I grew up with. The genetics of the characters don't always make sense but the diversity is delightful and all of the singing and acting is fantastic. There's no going back to a bland all white Cinderella after seeing this version.
0,Great ordering and receiving experience. Product met expectations.
0,"On the road" in Cuba. A nice sentimental journey with lots of traveler's problems to keep it interesting and underscore the harness of traveling in a rather undeveloped country. A pleasant peek into some Cuban lives and that touched on the emotional conflicts in someone (Cuban raised in Miami) who had been detached from his roots.		I wish we had seen more variety of the landscape, but still it was good. I also wish that the print had been better and the subtitles more clear, but that was acceptable.		I think it stayed away from politics, contrary to some comments here. Cuba was presented as very poor, but there was no blaming either of the US or of the Castro government. It stayed focused on the characters and the atmosphere of the road.
0,Who doesn't remember this really cool movie?  Great soundtrack and a must have...
0,Some of the print material used to make these DVDs leaves a little to be desire, but this is a great package. 9 of RKOs great 1940s horror films and two documentaries about their legendary producer. Great value for money and essential for any fan of the history of horror film.
0,Peter Lorre is one of my favorite actors. George Sanders is, too.
0,There are jems I never saw before.  In particular a pirate/smuggler film starring Peter Cushing.  I enjoyed all the movies.
0,I bought this movie for my grandchildren and they have really enjoyed watching it. It has become one of their favorite movies.
0,fun movie
0,My 5-year-old son recently became enamored with hockey, and while I would never let him watch this film, I threw it on between studying for my Actuary exam and my job.  This was probably Sean William Scott's best performance because he actually had to move out of his typical doofus role.  He was sweet, endearing, and believable as a simple, straight-forward guy.  I was completely shocked.  The amount of blood was a bit much (it is a hockey film, however, so I should have expected that), but it ended well, if abruptly, but I liked that as well.  As others have stated in their reviews it starts off fast, keeps a fast pace, but at no point did my sense of disbelief get startled.  I ended the film wishing they would have kept going.  This is the kind of movie that could have followed the formula, but instead goes a bit Indie by leaving one with some questions, rather than lamely trying to tie everything up.  I liked that as well.		This movie seemed to border on trying to be serious, but the language brought it back down to earth, but then Scott would make it serious again.  It seemed like it wanted to show a side of hockey that the average non-hockey fan doesn't understand.  It's possible I am reading more into this film in that respect, as I have no real idea how hockey works.  But, I enjoyed it and that's what mattered.		I had very little expectations, as I expected Scott to be his typical doofus role and when he portrayed a simple, well-meaning guy with some rather strong moral qualities, as I said before, I was pleased.  This really could have been just a dumb, forgettable teen movie, but I can see myself watching the film again.		Good stuff.		Cheers...eh!
0,Why do we focus on the differences?
0,This movie is an examination of what happens to a family in Japan when the only breadwinner, a salaried man, loses his longstanding job. It could be the story of millions of families finding themselves in similar situations today in any country. It's mainly about how the parents in the family handle the increasing breakdown in the family's relationships after the husband suffers the sudden and unexpected job loss.  You can see the husband lose face as he has to stand in long lines at the job search office, suffer through humiliating job interviews from hell, for which he seems totally unprepared, and as he eats his lunch from a free food line. He bonds with an old classmate in the exact same situation but this eventually has a bad outcome too and the husband seems to lose hope even more after this. He is a proud man who cannot bring himself to tell his wife about the job loss although she eventually discovers it on her own but she remains silent too.  A total lack of communication and support for one another is obvious and makes you wonder how close the husband and wife's relationship was before the job loss occurred. How the parents and two children eventually reconciles all that they go through is what ultimately shows that there is some strength within this family bond though. I must admit I was somewhat disappointed in the ending as it left too many questions up in the air and seemed unfulfilling but maybe that's how continuing job loss really is just a lot of unanswerable questions with no real final solution in sight. I give it 4 stars for being one of the only movies I have seen that tries to tackle the huge issue of family dynamics after a job loss takes place. The acting was good and the plot, although a bit slow, still held my interest as most of us can relate to job loss or the fear thereof in today's job downsizing world.
0,good
0,Bought this for my 3 year old grandson. It is entertaining enough to keep his attention for the entire movie.  It teaches a good lesson too.
0,Great movie for sure. That is the reason it won so many rewards.
0,totally unexpected - truly engrossing, very pleased with movie
0,This is a really great TV series. A very beautiful story, the main female character is the best; the main male actor is not, in my opinion, a match to the female actress, but has some moments of greatness on his own.		Very good English subtitle too.
0,This is one of the best movies ever!!!!!!!!!! I have seen it so many time, and yet it never seems to  get old.
0,WE SAW IT ON TV &  H A D  T  O  B U  Y  IT !1
0,loved this flick!!! so funny!!
0,This was a Christmas gift for a good friend. Dean Martin was a classic act,	and his show was wonderful.
0,liked very much
0,A moving, enjoyable movie.
0,Great movie and a very good transfer to blu ray, more of the same down the line please for fans
0,Entertaining and historically / scientifically interesting.  The acting and special effects are pretty good, and the story has more to it than I was expecting.  Listening to the speech to the assembled industrialists about why this has to be done by private industry instead of government, you can definitely hear the Heinlein.  There's even an embedded Woody Woodpecker cartoon demonstrating the principles behind space travel!  The depiction of g forces pressing the astronauts into their couches is startlingly good.  The weightlessness of space isn't bad, and the low-grav moon walking is fun and accurate.  So nice to "see" sound NOT carrying in a vacuum!  An exciting crisis and a lack of dumb subplots seal the deal.  This is well worth the money.
0,A Trigoly of a GOOD LOVE STORY.  Ethan & Julie...are so good together. The writing is truly good. No action..No car chashes...just a very well done love story. Catch It if you can. I loved it. I love a Good story. I'm not into superHereos..just REAL PEOPLE.
0,A beautiful film to view, with calming songs/music.  The whole story and setting was peaceful.
0,enjoyed and shared the story with my Granddaughters.
0,This is a must have for blu-ray owners - what a great way to enjoy the Holidays. It's truly a beautiful work of art. ENJOY!
0,yes of tes get this its great deal if you like western gun fight movies this is perfect for ya
0,Now we know what Friends and Neighbors really thought of the Jews once the yellow star was on full display.  The Jews must have been terrified and tortured by what was happening to them and for third parties to still resent and dislike them is incredible.  So why are so many Europeans snatching up real estate in New York City now as if none of this happened?		I'd already read Sarah's Key so I knew the families including babies were tortured by the conditions and prolonged stay at the Velodrome but this film effectively communicates the sense of anxiety and sorrow and objectionableness of the situation borne in public silence.  The film is actually very pretty and enhanced by established French actors like Sylvia Testud and The Valet as well as Shoshanna herself from Inglorious Basterds and very entertaining Room of Death.  I almost expected OSS 117 and Amelie to make an appearance.  Everyone looks very much of the era and in character.
0,I was having a hard time reading the book. The movie was really captured the book and I really liked the story thus the reason it's a classic.
0,We were totally addicted from the first episode.  According to postings I have read, there is a third season starting Sept. 25th, 2015 and we surely hope it will be available to us.
0,I just can't help myself.  I just love shark movies.  The actors are good.  It's just another good "shark eats everyone" movie.  It's a global warming movie that melts the ice where baby Dinosharks are awaken.  No one believes the star as usual until all the mysterious deaths wake up the authorities.  Good movie for SciFi lovers.
0,Finally my favorite movie from 1990 gets the DVD treatment. Directed by David Lynch, and staring Nicholas Cage, Laura Dern, Willem Dafoe, and numerous others, this to me is the ultimate rebels on the run road movie. Cage does his best Elvis impersonation, and really makes the film in my opinion. I hesitate to say this is Lynch's best work, but I love it at least as much as "Blue Velvet" and "Twin Peaks". Excellent soundtrack also. If you're a Lynch or Cage fan, or like young-lovers-on-the-run type movies, "Wild At Heart" is a must.
0,Intercut with actual footage of Ali doing his things this tells the stories of Supreme Court Justices as they argue among themselves as to what actually they think that the law actually means as it pertains to Ali and being a conscious objector and unwilling to fight in a war he felt was unjust and against his religion. His beliefs were questioned as if the judicial system could open up his heart and could determine his actual position. Insightful and frustrating to see 'sausage being made'. Some swearing.
0,My son is a ninja turtle fanatic and loved it.
0,I purchased this to replace a failing VHS copy. That it had Harry James and the Andrew Sisters was the draw. It is as corny as it gets. If you love the images of the 40's big band era, the look and the talk, you'll not mind. The dance scene toward the end was quite naughty for the time. At least the girls' underpants were full coverage back then.	This movie was made for the young people of the time, to entertain them into the spirit of the war effort. Oh! By the way, there is Shemp Howard for "Stooges" fans. This movie has no great deeps. Cheap laughs, great music and dancing kids were all that were originally offered. Music plus visual images. It doesn't cost enough for you to agonize over the price. It's worth it if It's contents mentioned above rang your chimes in any way.
0,I am really happy for it, this is one of my favorite Spider-Man animated series, I wish they could do the same for the 90s one which is still my first favorite show.
0,This film is funny from end to end.  Watch it a 2nd and 3rd time, you'll catch more FUNNY jokes that you missed the first two times.  Cook and Hudson are hilarious.  Yes, it's dirty, is that something new to people here?  Filthy humor has been in the movies for 40 years and more.		To those here who walk out on movies in the middle, fast-forward through them, or in the case of one woman, HAVEN'T EVEN SEEN IT YET, I don't see how you can offer unbiased reviews.		To me, it's the funniest movie I've seen in a long time. With a fresh, clever premise and all the jokes that will easily flow from that premise.  Cook's best movie by far.		If you think the first two American Pie movies are funny, you'll love this one, too.  If you think you are too "evolved," this one ain't for you.  But it IS incredibly funny, not just because F-bombs are thrown around as on Def Comedy Jam (where there's no humor in curse words alone), but in this movie, it's within clever dialogue.		You MUST get the UNRATED version; it is FAR funnier than the R-rated version. I've viewed both from beginning to end and compared them scene-for-scene where the differences occur, and there are LOTS of differences.  There is NO comparison between the two versions, the Unrated version is far, far funnier.  In this film, anyway, the very raunchy stuff adds substantially to the humor.
0,Pretty realistic movie. It shows the real life that people want to really live. Not the life they are living. Most of all. Dreams can come true if you are persistent enough. Really liked the ending. Would recommend this movie.
0,he is the best Dracula ever
0,very good
0,Great!
0,the rite on blu ray awesome picture and sound. thank you!!!!
0,I thought it was a movie and was, at first, disappointed.  But after I played the video I was pleasently surprised how thought and spirtually provoking it was.  It will definitely give you something to think about and ponder.  I liked it!
0,Really enjoyed this
0,Everything was great.
0,I love Robert Downey jr. but bought this as a gift for a friend who'd never seen it.  Wonderful story.
0,Bought to add to my collection.
0,I am a great lover of western movies and a collector of them. Saskatchewan I saw in 1954. It has been the SINGLE most influential movie of my life. I have never seen it since 1954 when I saw it as a ten year old boy. Then I bought this movie in this review and it was not cheap! I kept a notebook(diary) since 1953 and having looked carefully at that and my notes on Saskatchewan which I had spelled wrong as a ten year old...I decided I had to have this movie! I WAS NOT DISAPPOINTED. The DVD is sharp and the soundtrack intact. I really appreciated every aspect of the film. I cannot recommend it any higher! This is a lovely story, well done all the way around and makes the Canadian Mounted Police look good and is I believe a Canadian treasure! The scenery alone is awesome. The storyline is also excellent. With Shane I think this movie is an absolute must for a western movie buff! I do think this movie is somewhat more positive in mood than Shane. The movie I bought and thought I was reviewing was the DVD!!!  I had no difficulty with the DVD on my player! This is a perfect storyline to me! I have quite studied the Raoul Walsh who directed this movie in the life of Pancho Villa....and the portrayal of the young Pancho by Raoul Walsh. So I think this movie is very special.
0,I am not  exactly a fan of David Lynch. However, I find his movies interesting, and I usually find his movies good eventhough I have no idea why  I say they're good. Mulholland Drive is a visual narrative without a timeline. It was intriguing, sexy and inventive.	The DVD version contains nothing other than the movie, the trailor and text information about the actors. I was hoping to see the Director's commentary. There was none. It was also interesting that the DVD did not have chapters (which, I am sure is done on purpose to further reflect the meaning of the film.) All in all, a good film that requires more than one viewing.
0,There are going to be people who want to dumb this movie down to Hockey, fighting and blood, but the movie is so much more than that.		Sean William Scott is absolutely amazing as Doug. He plays the down to earth tough guy with a big heart with such passion and ease. I was completely rooting for Doug throughout the whole movie no matter if it was him trying to win the girl, gain the respect of his team, or taking his place as the top Goon. What I enjoyed the most was that they made Doug a good person who loves what he does, is loyal to his friends, family and team. They could have made him just another a-hole who hates gays and humps every girl around but they gave him heart and soul. Because Doug was such a loveable guy I wanted him to kick some butt, and I loved every punch and every tooth knocked out. This wasn't just about a guy beating some guys up, the end, it was about a guy accepting who he is and being proud of what he can do. Some people may want to say that's dumb and I am usually against violence myself, but there was much more to Doug than just fighting. I'm Canadian and I don't even like hockey that much, but Goon made me a fan, well at least a fan of the passion these players have for the game.		This movie was also laugh my butt off funny. Doug's lack of language skills when it comes to making quick witted come backs is hilarious. He's just so much better at throwing punches than throwing a verbal jab at somebody and when he's talking to the girl he likes he's adorably cute. Yeah I just said that... I found myself laughing at least every 5 to 10 minutes at something Doug awkwardly said or did. Plus it helps that pretty much every one else is funny as well. Jay Baruchel was so funny as the loud mouth best friend, Alison Pil was funny as Doug's love interest and I can't forget all the guys on the team. Pretty much everyone said or did something funny at least once in the film.		Goon was a perfect mix of heart and humour and I really can't think of too many movies that get it right. If I wasn't rooting for Doug I was laughing my butt off and I was thoroughly entertained by the acting, story and humour. The movie is now one of my all time favourite's and I hope you enjoy it as much as I did.
0,fun movie with some good acting as well.  The dogfight scenes are well done and entertaining.  Better than I expected.  A good time.
0,Took soem time....no?  Back in all it's rawness, and fantasticness.  Fianlly the show that let us see male backsides, and great stories are back....still some seasons to go before we seee......Ricky/Rick Schroeder and hsi hot, Mark Paul Gossler and his really hot assets......But will be worth the wait.........in case you forgot.....Still don't want to relive but will when killed off Jimmy Smitts.....
0,The good and the evil of the early century bad guys we seem to venerate.
0,Very good and interesting.
0,I got this when it was a DEAL OF THE DAY - so about 25 dollars and it came with a voucher to see A Good Day to Die Hard... So it basically was 15 bucks - which I would have gladly paid just for the original. Coming with all four movies in a decent package with some pretty impressive book-art to match makes this a must have even if you only liked one or two in the series.		Die Hard: 5/5	DH 2: 3/5	DH 3: 3/5	DH 4: 4/5
0,Modern day version of Star Wars only without the wimpy Luke Skywalker.
0,Can't miss with the this collection
0,Loved this film about friendship and enemies told from the perspective of a young boy in Israel.
0,What can I say - RDJ!
0,This is so very awesome.  Love Jon Vought....
0,All the disk worked on my computer but some of them did not work in my VCR.  The pilot and lost episodes did not work on my VCR and several shows from season 1 did not work either.  But all of the shows did fine playing on my pc.  The shows were crystal clear and I am very pleased to have the series and the 4 movies versions as well.
0,Mysteries & comedy are my preference for DVD purchase.  This is one I had never heard of before.  It took the 1st Disc to acquaint me to the style & cast by the 3rd disc I found it enjoyable.  Regular cast along with the writers seemed to have clicked into place.  Hope to see more.
0,I am a HUGE Gary Oldman fan. I have seen him play murderers and terrorists but this was his most disturbing role ever. His character was so normal/abnormal. The kind of guy you wouldn't blink at on the street yet he's so angry when it comes to soccer.
0,laughed my arse off.
0,Robert De Niro was superb.  The rest of the cast where all convincing in their rolls.
0,Beings back memories from the 80's
0,loved it
0,It was a present for my dad. He loves the Lone Ranger. I think he said he used to pay a Nickel to watch these at the movie theater.
0,love this movie really good movie for the whole family
0,This season of the West Wing is full of drama as Bartlett goes through a campaign, Leo faces Congressional hearings, and Josh pursues the stunning Mary-Louise Parker.		Every episode is fun, witty, and exciting.  You really get to know the characters better in this season than you ever have in the previous two.  For die hard West Wing fans, you will love this season!
0,Very depictive; good discipline for the young; the women seem less disciplined, they seem that they deserve special treatment
0,A mouse desperate not to be eaten describes a mythical creature to scare off his would-be lunch partners. Lo and behold, he discovers this fictitious beast exists in his world.  Now, faced with once again being eaten, he needs to concoct a plan to escape. How?		Told in a rhyming fashion, it cleverly avoids being sing-song as in some of Julia Donaldson's other books. Similar to the tradition of a classic fairy or folk tale, "The Gruffalo," is a strong addition to children's animation. It lands somewhere between Grimm, Andersen and American folk tales, with a slight nod the the German and Slavic storytellers with their frequent forest setting.		Helena Bonham Carter warmly tells the story, James Corden is the mouse, and Robbie Coltrane is the Gruffalo himself. Each is excellently cast, as are the other actors (John Hurt, Tom Wilkinson, Rob Brydon). The pacing is superb, allowing the viewer to catch all the humor and see the details.		It is realistic in that it acknowledges the cycle of life. Bugs are eaten. Frogs are eaten. And, naturally, mice want to avoid being eaten.		There's a happy, satisfying ending, and never too scary. I fully recommend, "The Gruffalo."		Anthony Trendl	TreeFortBooks.com
0,LeConte's movies are each unique and each wonderful, and hard to describe.  This is a very simple, fairytale-like story of a man who only ever wanted to be the husband of a beautiful hairdresser, and the blissfully happy life he and his wife found for a time.  Despite the premise, it's not twisted or dirty, but it is quietly, non-explicitly erotic.  Beautiful to look at, to experience.
0,I cannot say enough about this DVD.  It has gotten me out of pain, and I never thought that was possible.  I highly recommend it to people that have tried and failed to heal their pain.  The instruction is fantastic and really geared toward caring for your pain.  Love it, love it.
0,That's my movie going philosophy and it has worked well for me for fourty years.		just settle down and wait and see what they start feeding you.		If they are true to the art, you will be happy, more or less than other times but still some kind of happy.		If they are dishonest and try to push you into believing something they have decided is commercially effective, it will show soon and you can leave or try to get something out of it.		When I was a boy, "The Blue Max" came out and we spent our out of class time discussing how cool it was.		'Knights of the Air' is the romantic view many of us have held since then about WW1 fighter pilots, much as the original volunteers thought as they went into service.		This film, in my opinion is the best representaion of that ideal tempered by the reality of the brutality of war.		I expected less and enjoyed it more for doing so.		The details were great ( costumes, set, details of training. )		The story was so ripe for cheesyness but was cut to perfection.		The 'heroes' were not allowed to overplay their cliches.		They were simply portraied as the types of young men we all know now as the types of young men who go to war.		Neither were the villians. ( One with honor, one without.)Only viewed as they went about their business of killing.		This, I really appreciated.		I used to work on biplanes and I really enjoyed all of the flying scenes.		I never saw a plane do what it couldn't.		And the decision to make each flying scene show that the Americans had learned more about how to survive a dogfight was a great touch, something i have never seen in a war movie before.		The plot plan to aim the final fight between the young american and the seasoned german ace-hole was very well done.		The cgi was, in my opinion, just fine. I watched the movie again with the commentary on and was surprised at many of the revelations about what was real and what wasn't.		I do disagree with everyone in Hollywood who thinks that a war movie needs a love story to be successful.		I don't care if the box office agrees with them.		This is definitely the best WW1 war flick of this century.		(Remember, I remember the last century.)
0,I saw this movie during  the spring of last year, during its theatrical run. This show had its hilarious moments, but was one of the most bizarre movies I have ever seen.  The characters are believable, but I live among a lot of deerhunters and the deer season is a like a religious experience for many of them.  People really do talk like that in the UP and you will either love the movie or hate it.  I heard people leaving the theater saying "That was the most disgusting movie I have seen", as well as "That was pretty good."  The characters were amazing in their portrayal of deerhunters. It is not for the squeamish of stomach, but portrays a culture that does exist.  This movie is targeted to a limited group of people, so it is surprising they actually are releasing it on DVD.
0,intense!
0,Ayan Pratap wrote (with Jim Suthers providing the screenplay) and directed this quiet little film about following your passion. Though it is not a polished gem it carries a sensitivity that many young artists at the inception of their career and life in the arts will find poignant. There is an honesty about the film and the way it is presented that indicates that Ayan Pratap is a talent to watch. Before getting into the story it is important that the audience understands the concept of Kundalini - the subject of the mural whose endurance plays such a major role in the film. Kundalini stems from yogic philosophy as a form of shakti or "corporeal energy". Kundalini is described within Eastern religious, or spiritual tradition as an indwelling spiritual energy that can be awakened in order to purify the subtle system and ultimately to bestow the state of Yoga, or Divine Union upon the 'seeker' of truth " The Yoga Upanishads describe Kundalini as lying "coiled" at the base of the spine, represented as either a goddess or sleeping serpent waiting to be awakened. In modern commentaries, Kundalini has been called an unconscious, instinctive or libidinal force.		The plot is best summarized in the writer/director's words: `Unfulfilled in her work at the local diner, Alex Carlson (Aleece Jones, in a notable debut) feels like a tiger trapped in a cage. Her dream of leaving the town and pursuing an art career seems to be fading away. The only source of any artistic inspiration is an unfinished Kundalini mural painted on the side of a plastic bag factory by a local artist in 1970s. Alex's dream is further threatened by the impending closure of the plastic bag factory on which the mural is painted. A sliver of hope emerges when prodigal son Chuck Crowley (Christopher Ivins), the world famous photographer, returns to Cooper Flats. Chuck fascinates Alex and introduces her to Tratak meditation technique he learned in India. Alex must embrace what's to come next and choose whether to finish her journey she left half way or not, while the world around her starts to fall apart. When Chuck asks Alex what she intends to do after she leaves Cooper Flats, she is encouraged to follow her passion - a lesson from her empathy with the Kundalini image.		The cast may be uneven and the cinematography not always favoring the progress of the story telling, but Pratap has captured a moment in time so precious to those who commit to the arts - a decision whether to work for art or settle for less. Grady Harp, August 14
0,a little quirky but very entertaining -
0,Colorful, watchable, stupid....
0,I find the old detective sories fun to watch and this series shows a different side of Boris Karloff.  An oriental detective.
0,Very clever, inventive, active, exciting on all levels!
0,Funny rendition of my boyhood hero.
0,This video is brilliant, but I had not realized how brilliant until a few days ago when we picked up a book version of the story.  [We have owned this tape for about 2 years.]		As we were going along my 3 year-old son was humming various --and appropriate!-- sections of the music that corresponded to the action on the page.		In addition, my 5 year-old daughter was telling me about what instrument was used to portray the characters.  When I was humming she reminded me that I should try to sound more like an oboe (for the duck).		So Five BIG Stars for this video.  Not only does it tell the classic Prokofiev tale, but it opened the doors to musical composition in ways that I had not even dared to hope for.  Bravo!		Pam T~
0,I love anything dealing with Superman. I read all the comics regarding this story, so it was nice to see it made into a movie. Matt Bomer was a great choice to play  Superman/Clark Kent.
0,great item
0,totally believable story to come out the financial crisiz
0,10 x better than the later versions
0,Love the story
0,I love this movie. Great music. Powerful story line. Do you know a man today who would make this kind of sacrafice for his family? Not very many, if any.
0,This movie showcases great performances from all actors involved. From the director who brought us oldboys, Stoker lived up to my expectations! If you want something dark and different then this is for you.
0,Not a bad movie, not good if you fly a lot to the North Slope of Alaska. Makes you think of what could happen.
0,Rod Cameron was a tall, rugged, everyman. You could really believe he as the State Trooper who was ever vigilant and diligent in helping the local authorities to solve cases that needed that something extra provided by what amounted to State Troopers or Super investigators (much like the modern NCSI et al.) Not to detract a thing from this excellent show that Amazon kindly brought to me (I was only 3 when it came out) but it is like a television incarnation of the radio show Texas Rangers. I had discovered that little gem by accident. I almost didn't listen because I thought it was a western. NOTHING could be further than the truth. It too concerned a special State Ranger office of highly trained experts who came to the aid of the local sheriffs and police when a case was a bit to hard for them. Also,in the same vein is the excellent M Squad with Lee Marvin as part of an Elite Chicago Police Detective force who aids the local police in tougher cases. What is the connection you ask? Besides the highly entertaining format and premise being in common, radio script writer Lawrence Kimble wrote many of these stories 1st for the radio show Texas Rangers and then adapted them to M Squad and State Trooper. You will get a sense of deja vu when you realize you recognize the story. But that just makes it all the more fun!		Wonderful show and highly entertaining with a credible actor who really makes you believe he is what he portrays-- a rough and tumble Lawman out to right wrongs and get his man....or woman as the case may be. Kudos to Amazon for providing this rare gem. I highly recommend it. Oh, and if I may say one thing more...check out Tales of the Wells Fargo for a similar treat. 'Nuff said.
0,Great movie
0,I had not seen the previews to this movie and did not know what to expect, but I have found that Kate Winslet always acts in quality movies.  From the moment the music score began playing I knew it was not at all what I might have expected.  The plot is an interesting expose on relationships and human behavior.  It is developed via the present intermingled with flashes of the past of the two main characters. The story line is not a hearts and flowers love story, as the promotional photo might suggest, but rather a story of people wounded by their pasts who stumble across each other and over the course of a weekend, Labor Day weekend, retrieve facets of their strength, dignity and hopefulness in an unexpected and unlikely circumstance. I felt that the acting of all characters was high quality, it moved at a steady pace and kept me engaged in it throughout its duration.
0,Bravo to each of the ladies here. Every single emotion was touched on; love, rage, pain, grief, abuse, self-love. I like how the poetry was interwoven throughout the story - I loved it. A beautiful story of finding oneself, loving oneself, and sisterhood. And how could I not give credit to the men in the story? Michael Ealy was Oscar Worthy for his role as the tortured veteran. So heart-breaking. Kudos to Tyler Perry for bringing this long ago written book back to life for all of us.
0,A VERY TOUCHING SENTIMENTAL JOURNEY, ABOUT THE LIVES OF THOUSANDS OF	CHILDREN WHO RODE THE 'ORPHAN TRAINS' IN THE 1800'S.  A VERY MOVING	DRAMA PACKED WITH HISTORY AND THE PERSONAL ACCOUNTS AND STORIES OF	CHILDREN WHO WERE PLACED FOR ADOPTION.  EXCELLENT DVD!
0,I've never watched the original series, but I liked the quirky humor in Dark Shadows. All the characters were interesting and the setting of early 1970's was awesome! Depp plays Barnabas who is cursed in the 1700's by a jealous witch to be a vampire - a revenge that lasts forever. In 1972, he returns to his family's home after a long absence. His relatives accept him back into the family and Barnabas helps them to regain their former status in the community of Collinsport , which is named after the family, when he discovers that his old flame and nemesis is still around and causing problems for his family.
0,great value
0,Tremendous film.  I have no doubt that Redford made this to compare the emotions of Americans then to the emotions of Americans today.  President dead - throw out the law.  Twin Towers - throw out the law.  Booth - trapped with no escape and shot.  Osama - trapped with no escape and shot.  Capture these men and find out more truth.  Nope, I guess the truth is not want we want.  Great film.
0,A++
0,Great show.
0,My dvd arrived on time and in perfect condition. We have had so much fun watching this movie.  I have always enjoyed it and my husband now enjoys it too.	Thank Amazon.	DC
0,My favorite episodes
0,I never seen this movie by Sir Paul until tonight (Dec 2010). When it came out in 1984 it had the most Horrible reviews and was considered a complete Bomb.	For years I been wanting to see this movie and stumbled onto the DVD last week (I didn't even know it had been released on DVD).	It's funny how critics will marvel at the Beatles "Hard days Night" and "Help" movies yet dish this one. I found this movie to be extremely enjoyable and loved every minute of it.	To See Ringo in the supporting role and a cameo by Sir George Martin in thsi movie certainly gave it a Beatle like atmosphere to it.	(Linda McCartney was very much in the film as well).	You are FLOODED with so many GREAT production numbers, those alone are worth the purchase price. Paul and Ringo perform Ball Room Dancing, So Bad, a Beatles medley, other musical numbers are: No More Lonely Nights, Silly Love Songs, Eleanor Rigby(with a brand new written extended Orchestra number to it written by Paul).	There is a flimsy story line of the film where a employee of Paul's comes up missing and was to deliver the master tapes of a brand new album, if they cannot locate the tapes for delivery to the Factory, then a loan-shark gets control of the company and will bankrupt Paul. It's enjoyable to follow along and keeps the flim going forward. There are many "dream" scenes that I really enjoyed. Time has aged this Movie EXTREMELY well! It's sad that George Harrison didn't have a cameo in it, seeing it was just 3 years or so after John's death, it would have really cemented this film as a true classic.  I think this movie should be aired once a year like the "Wizard of Oz" or any classical movie. Kids will love this light-hearted film and the songs are just great!	This style of movie just isn't made any more. It's made in the classic style of Musical's, a lost art form for sure.	I 100% loved this movie and could sit back down and watch it again (I prob will in a few days, if not just for some of the songs).	This DVD doesn't have 5.1 sound, but it does have 4.0 surround sound and comes through very well in my 5.1 system, The mixes on the songs are great, great fidelity and separation of instruments.	Buy this and you will enjoy this McCartney-Ringo classic!
0,While I am appreciative that this is finally being released, couldn't they have at least look at the "Reflections" DVD that has gone double Platinum, and try not to duplicate the tracks? The hits were great. But it was the special tributes like "Funny Girl", "Leading Lady Medley", "Irving Berlin", etc. that made The Supremes the #1 Female Group in the world still to this day, some half century later. To that end, the inclusion of "Always" from the Irving Berlin tribute and "You're Nobody Until Somebody Loves You" deserves a standing ovation.		Placing "Up the Ladder to the Roof" on Motown Gold would have been wiser, but, including it as a bonus prevented the sequencing from being inconsistent with the continuity of the Ross-led hits that rightfully dominates this collection.		Out of respect for their legend, I am at least glad this is finally coming. On the heels of "Reflections" bodes well for more of the vast collection of Ross' DVD offerings.		In a slick marketing ploy, I Pre- ordered all 3 because there is something I want on each. Diana stole the show during the sing off with The temptations, just watch her burn up "I'm Losing You"....... But that medley ends up on The Temptations and not The Supremes. Makes me wanna holler. So hats off to the EdSullivan.com marketing staff as my wallet gets hit for almost $50.00.		Regardless, I will be waiting for my copies on 13 September 2011!
0,wow kind of movie ,makes you think.
0,Great WW11 movie ( true story of Audie Murphy, played by himself.) Most decorated soldier of WW11
0,"DaVinci's Inquest" is the best written series of this genre I've ever seen.	Dialogue is crisp, story lines are introduced gradually, as situiations are in real life.  This is not a show where violence rules - more a series where the lead character has flaws, makes mistakes, has normal daily frustrations - but for this very reason, you will be dying to see the next episode and see if this everyday man comes out ahead.		Chris Haddock heads a team of writers, actors and such who obviously love what they do and you love watching them do their stuff.  Canada should feel blessed to have such artists, because they create as good as any American series, better than most.	This is a show you can watch with your children in the room and you needn't worry they'll see guts and gore (CSI anyone?), but they won't want to watch it because the story lines are so well crafted, the kids will be lost in 10 minutes and there won't be any guns blazing to hold their interest, thank God.	My only complaint is that I will be dead and gone before Acorn gets all	the sets out on DVD.  What is their problem?  There are a host of people out there, waiting for each set to come out.	Once you have viewed all of "DaVinci", take a look at "Intelligence" which was produced by the same team.  Unfortunately, it was yanked before its time, thanks to the the questionable wisdom of CBC.	"DaVinci's Inquest" is worth every single penny.  Remember - you get what you pay for.  Meanwhile, I'm trying not to hold my breath until the next set comes out.  ARE YOU LISTENING, ACORN?  @#%$&*#@!!
0,Maybe it's just me, but this is one of those movies that makes me feel a bit uncomfortable to watch. While it's an AI/Robot movie, that doesn't really mean that the robots are 'robot-like'. They're not. They're very human, very feminine, very sexy and they're obviously REAL women that CGI (special effects) has turned into robots. The dichotomy of the attractiveness of these very sexy women portraying robots, lies in the fact that while they are indeed real women, they are actually being portrayed as 'machines.' That's kind of hard to wrap your head around when you've spent your life looking at machines as nothing more than metal contraptions that (mostly) DON'T speak to you.		My cell phone and my car speak to me, but I find NEITHER of them even remotely attractive and definitely NOT sexy. I suppose if one could separate oneself from the reality of this movie, that while the women are portraying machines, they still ARE very sexy women, and view it as simply another Sci Fi / Robot movie, it would be less uncomfortable to watch. That may very well be how it was intended to be viewed, but for me, it's still a bit uncomfortable. Fascinating, but just a bit uncomfortable to watch.		At any rate, it's an intriguing movie, well acted, the story is fascinating and the women are gorgeous. If you like those things in a move and you can get past the 'women as robots' thing, you'll probably like this one a LOT. I DID like the movie a lot and I suspect that watching it again and knowing what to expect, it'll be a lot more comfortable to watch. When you watch it for the FIRST time though, don't be too surprised if you squirm a bit in your seat. Good luck with that one!
0,Fun, humorous, action filled movie!
0,excellent
1,I was very interested in an updated version of the film, plus the previews looked really dark and creepy.  Unfortunately, I went and saw the movie...		For one, ALL of the characters have abnormally filthy mouths.  Even Laurie had a filthy mouth, which made it very hard to think of her as a victim I'd want to survive.		Secondly, I don't need a lengthy biography on Michael.  I wish they'd just leave at him being a born sociopath.  Instead they made it due to child abuse and being picked on in school.  What was interesting in the first one was when the parents run up to Michael after he's stabbed Judith to death and the parents look completely normal; their son is just crazy.  Also in this remake here, Judith was an awful person and I was completely apathetic to her death.  In fact, she pretty much deserved.  I prefer innocent victims.		Rob Zombie knows how to create an awesome atmosphere, but he should NOT write his own scripts.  He makes his characters so hard to like and they all have mouths like a bunch of uneducated trash.		Apparently a lot of people enjoyed this movie, but I hated every single character and basically sided with Michael despite how much I already hated his character.  In my opinion, this movie is an enormous failure and it does not deserve this 3 disc special edition.
1,Stars Alexa Vega from "Spy Kids"; all grown up.		The first third of the film is entertaining of the girls going from rich to poor overnight. Alexa has a lot of good one-liners during these scenes. I rate this first third of the film at 4-stars. The rest of the film is the two girls meeting men and having romance, which was not interesting to me as a guy. I rate this last portion of the film at 2-stars.		The movie promotes sleeping around. Alexa regrets sleeping with a guy that she does not end up marrying, but does not regret not saving herself for her husband; she does not regret the practice of promiscuity. God created sex to not even awaken, much less happen until after the marriage ceremony. Thus, I cannot recommend this film.		There is a funny scene of Alexa smoking marijuana and then coming to the family dinner stoned. The scene is entertaining; however, in real life marijuana is not so harmless. John McEnroe went from the number-one tennis player in the world to number twenty-three after he began smoking marijuana. He also then married heroin addict Tatum O'Neal. Marijuana brings you into close relationships with some bad people, which you would otherwise keep at arms-length. I am not saying Tatum O'Neal is a bad person. She is someone Mr. McEnroe might have otherwise not married or might have delayed marrying until she stopped her drug use; had Mr. McEnroe not also taken such a casual attitude towards drugs at the time. I know of other examples of marijuana smokers getting involved with some truly bad people.		The film then goes into some propaganda of a corporate lawyer helping the poor for free. Yes; there are probably a couple of such lawyers somewhere in the country, but most lawyers, which I have encountered are lying, greedy, crooked, self-serving, fellows; working within a civil-lawyer-cartel, of lawyers and their pals the lawyers in black robes, who deny justice to the poor, self-represented, person, who must go to civil-court without a lawyer.
1,Poor quality
1,silly, not very authentic.
1,Zach Braff (television's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Scrubs/dp/B000Y856DY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Scrubs</a>) is without question an immense and versatile talent.  He directs, writes, and acts as the film's main protagonist in Garden State, a film with flashes of near brilliance.  He is no doubt worth looking out for and deserves quite a bit of credit.  However, Garden State should be judged as a film without taking that into account and although it does contain some genuinely sweet moments and some even better moments of natural humor, it just isn't consistent in how compelling it was for me.  I'm sure that experience will be different for everyone but to me it contains some very unlikely and unnatural moments.		Andrew Largeman (Zach Braff) is a quasi-actor and full fledge waiter who returns to his hometown for his mother's funeral.  He stops taking his medication (he was on zoloft, depakote, and lithium among many others) and begins to awaken a little bit.  He meets old friends and reflects on his family life before he left his hometown.  He then meets a new friend named Sam (Natalie Portman) who helps him realize what is really important to him.  Although clich, the film's end is satisfying and I can't pinpoint why but I really didn't expect it from a character I didn't like very much in Largeman.		I want to believe that Garden State is semi-biographical for Braff, and it probably is (I might write a movie where I fall in love with Natalie Portman too) but if there are scenes influenced by reality, then it seems very simple to see which ones are and which ones are completely exaggerated for the sake of comedic storytelling.  The other thing that troubled me about Garden State was how selfish every character is.  It makes it very difficult to care about characters that you wouldn't have any respect for in real life.  The only exception to this Portman's Sam who is very likeable and quirky but is probably the only character that isn't based on some degree of reality.  I don't see any real serious undertones in Garden State or any real commentary beyond reflecting some aspect of real life.  It failed to do that for me and that's probably why it comes off as pretentious.  In some ways it really is only a few steps above pure teenage comedies because it wants to be adult so bad at times and maybe that is a strength for some people, but to me the way it masks its comedic goals with unconvincing drama is almost unforgivable.		Garden State is in the frame of a very good movie and for the most part I didn't think it was as bad as I'm detailing here, I think I just couldn't identify with it.  Performances from Portman, Braff, Ian Holm, Peter Saargard and others are genuine, at times amusing, and overall pretty solid.  The actors do struggle at times with the more ostentatious and less believable dialogue. Portman is especially enjoyable to watch but you really wonder how long she can be the potentially great actress everyone has been waiting for.  Despite what some people may suggest, this movie is not the vehicle for Portman's career defining star moment, which may or may not ever come.  She probably doesn't care though and is fine slumming it in quirky little films like this that have very little to say.  Anyway, it is worth watching if you like the talent in this movie.  It shows some budding talent from Braff and some solid actors at work. It also happens to have a smart sense of humor that I suppose I appreciated.  The&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/soundtrack/dp/B0002J58LK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">soundtrack</a>&nbsp;was great but also felt pretty consistent with Braff's hipster-wannabe motif.  Either way, I'll keep an eye out for his next movie.
1,I am a Keri Russell fan, however, I didn't like this movie! I guess the subject matter wasn't appealing to me even though Keri Russel did an excellent job with the role she was playing. I guess I prefer Keri Russel playing other roles for her age. I also respect the fact that she most likely doesn't want to be typed cast in specific roles.
1,We really enjoy occasional  "horror"..."monster"..."creature"  films. NOT THIS ONE. Only positive of this movie was downloading via Amazon- meaning we only wasted $3 instead of investing big-bucks and a trip to the theater.  Save your time and money and if you really have the need for monster drama, make scarey faces in the mirror, you'll have more fun!
1,Just bad!
1,The scenery was amazing, and the acting was also convincing! I would LOVE this series if it didn't have so much explicit sex with course jesting and boobs prancing all over the screen. Too bad. It would have been a great program otherwise. Honestly, don't know how the actors can get so physical with each other and keep a clear conscience. Hope none of them are already married.
1,Boring story, I have to turned it off, sorry.
1,Though I understand why Cage apparently makes two movies a month because of his much publicised tax problems, I don't understand why Kidman allowed herself to be in this incredibly dreadful movie.	The only good thing I can say about this movie is that I only laid out the funds for a rental. I tried like mad to find some redeeming quality in this movie but was completely unable to find one.	This may be the worst movie other than The Wicker Man that Cage has ever been in (and that is saying a LOT). Please save your money and wait for this film to blight regular television. It honestly isn't worth the price of a rental at any price.
1,Beyond awful. This isn't a love story. It's ridiculous that it's portrayed that way. This is a poorly written, sad story of people who should know better, but don't. The background behind how these two get together is thinly alluded to at best. You spend too much time wondering who various people are and why they're doing what they're doing, when clearly there must be some motivation the viewer is not privy to. This movie is slow, Afflek's acting is sub-par (he tries way too hard and doesn't succeed), and Mara's acting chops are wasted on this dull film. Who are these people and why should we care? You never actually find out. This movie is one to skip.
1,A crazy carnival ride that leaves you dissapointed! I could not believe David Carradine lowered himself to star in this mess. Save your money, purchase something else.
1,4 stars for films...0 stars for this package....		While this set is superb compared to the truly wretched Paul Newman set also offered by that company without a conscience, Fox, it still isn't good enough for me to keep it. This set is new but the discs look like they have been put through a washing machine and dryer. It is unconscionable that Fox sold this package, it is unbelievable that someone designed it, it is truly pathetic that Amazon offers it for sale. But of course, we know who butters Amazon's white bread.
1,The film opens with three guys hunted and killed in the woods by a large man in a gas mask. Next Haylie Duff is introduced as what would be "the final girl" for another cabin-in-the-wooods type of film. There is only one suspect for the killer and they don't keep it a mystery. They let you know on the back of the DVD cover.		Boring people with boring dialogue. The kill scenes are camera shy.		Guide: F-word, implied sex, implied rape. No nudity
1,Out of all the movies I ordered on Amazon, this one was the worst of them all , well , they only one , the rest of the movies I ever ordered  were all good , I tried to watch , couldn't hardly see ant thing , shut it off after about ten minutes in , this one of those movies they did not take the time to clean period , as far as how good the movie was , couldn't tell ya , cause I could hardly see anything , that part I guess Ill never know,
1,One thing is to suspend belief, another is to suspend one's intelligence, which is what this movie requires. This movie is so bad, it is actually funny, at times. Replete with a bad script and bad acting, it revolves around a convoluted plot that has so many twists and turns, as to simply not be believable. The casting is bad, as well. Ben Affleck as a hardened convict? Come on...give me a break! He is simply not a good enough actor to play against type, charming though he be.		Rudy Duncan (Ben Affleck), a professional car thief who has just spent six years in the can, is looking forward to being released and returning to his family for Xmas. His cell mate of six years, Nick, is likewise looking forward to his own simultaneous release, so that he can join his beautiful girl friend and pen pal, Ashley (Charlize Theron), about whom he has talked to Rudy incessantly for years and to whom he has read all her letters. Unfortunately, two days before Nick's and Rudy's release, Nick is stabbed, ostensibly to death.		When Rudy leaves prison, he sees the beautiful Ashley waiting for Nick. Having heard all about her for years and feeling like he knows her, Rudy assumes Nick's identity, and hooks up with her. Unbeknownst to Rudy, Ashley has an evil brother (Gary Sinise). When Rudy meets him, somewhat unceromoniously, he forces Rudy to become part of a casino robbery, because he believe Rudy to be Nick and is counting on Nick's prior knowledge of the casino to help them plot the robbery. When Rudy confesses to not being Nick, Sinise does not believe him, and Rudy is forced to use his wits to stay alive.		The twists and turns continue. If you think the brother is evil, the viewer finds out that he has nothing on his sister, Ashley. Unfortunately, it gets so unbelievable, as to be ludicrous, and the movie spirals out of control. Like I said, it's so bad, it's funny. Rent it, Don't buy it.
1,Stink
1,Watched 10 minutes and turned it off.
1,Why did the lady have to walk 80 miles to attend the wedding?  Was she trying to prove her son stuck her in a retirement home too soon?  What was the point of all this?  That it's dangerous for an elderly woman to hike 80 miles and camp in the woods alone?  That she could get attacked by mountain lions, hit by tractor trailers, or attacked by heroin addicts?  What was the ghost of her husband trying to show her?  She yells out to him asking the same question.  Then there's a young family enjoying their time at the edge of a lake.  Who were they?  It wasn't funny or dramatic, it was just . . . . . observing an older woman hiking.  At least Forrest Gump met interesting people along the way. I guess it's another movie that I'm just not "cool" enough to get.
1,I was hoping for a faithful rendition Tim Vigil's Faust comic, which in and of itself is horror at it's finest. It saddens me actually to see such a great story as presented in the comic twisted in this way.	  The acting is less than interesting, the only redeeming feature I found to this move was having Jeffery Coombs in it. For anyone that's a J.C fan he once again presents a character that is subtle and shakey, and yet just horrifying in his insanity. You got to love the guy. In addition, Isabel Brook ( Jane) has great legs, and we get to see them a lot.	  Aside from these two points, I left the credits feeling very disappointed. I agree with a reviewer above that the comic should have been much more in the way of it's sexuality ( at least a light X ) and the drizzling insanity of Jasper should have been delved into much deeper. I wouldn't buy it.	  And for gosh sakes, they don't even have Jasper quoting or singing 'Papa Has a Brand New Bag'. That was Jasper's trademark in the comic.
1,I wanted to give it 1.5 stars. I'm glad I didn't see it in the theaters and instead saw it at home for free witn Amazon Prime. Am I missing something in mythical folklore? When did gargoyles battle demons? Or is my understanding that they were to ward off evil wrong?
1,The humor in this is very juvenile. I do not recall laughing even once. The editing is sloppy in terms of storyline  and other details.
1,I couldn't tell if I was supposed to laugh or cry at this abomination in which blood bags are a-popp'n. Viewing Django Unchained is like going for a roll in a gutter full of blood and guts. I suppose some people will find it very cathartic. It seems we have become a nation of blood thirsty trolls, intent upon paddling our fingers in the burnt entrails of our enemies and have an insatiable desire to set up straw men and knock them over. This reminds me much of the propaganda film in 1984 where an aircraft stoops upon a boat full of enemy refugees and blows them to pieces, and the audience cheers. Is that what we have become?		The cinematography is excellent, the music is often great, the particular scene where the caravan enters Candie Land is worth watching many times. The characters and story seem torn from the pages of a comic book and are as shallow. Samuel L. Jackson's performance is masterful, Leonardo DiCaprio is very good, but they both had believable characters to play; Christoph Waltz is hamstrung by less believable character while Jamie Foxx does a mediocre job with an unbelievable character. The movie is such a hodgepodge of chauvinistic images and comic bows to other film genra that it makes no sense, I am not sure what I have watched. The bloodbath that turns the Candie Land mansion into a charnal house, brings to mind the act of the Odyssey where Odysseus returns to his home only to find a swarm of vermin like suitors eating up his wealth and courting his beautiful and faithful wife Penelope. Odysseus, with a bit of help, slays them all in a bloody fit of murder.		Watching this movie is a bit like viewing battlefield pornography. It thrills, but does not satisfy.
1,"Panic Room" gets its name from a certain room in houses that is designed to protect its residents from danger. The panic room in this film had a door, similar to that of a bank vault, that could only be opened by those inside and had a supply of milk to last its residents for months. Jody Forster, a newly divorced woman, and her daughter move into a large house in the upper westside of Manhattan, and utilize their panic room in their first night in the house to hide from three burglers who invade their home looking for a cache of money hidden inside this room.	Without giving away any more of the plot, I found this movie to be one of the dullest "thrillers" I have ever seen. It seemed that the film was made up entirely of bits and pieces of similar movies of this genre that were haphazardly pasted together. Two of the three thugs were total Neanderthals and the third, who had worked on constructing such panic rooms in the past, was the typical criminal with a heart of gold. He was the true professional and was in it only for the money. He was so good to Jodie, and especially to her daughter, that someone should have nominated him for the Nobel peace prize. I could have predicted the ending even before the film began. My suggestion is not to waste your time and money on this clunker.
1,This is the worst movie I have ever encountered. The movie is in "2044" Here is why:	They drive chevy caprices	They have robots that do things for them but they a huge	They wear plastic ponchos	They have trash everywhere, but no robots picking it up?	They have detectives?	This film is the worst "futuristic" film I have ever seen. Total garbage
1,I stopped watching when the blood and guts started appearing.
1,Really stupid movie. I'm not even sure how to describe it other than a waste of time. Lots of filler scenes that are in the movie just to add run time. There is a story line, sort of. No character depth. I could care less about anyone. Acting was pathetic.
1,Too dark
1,Terrible movie. Could not watch it all out of fear of it would ruin my image of Ian forever!!!Don't waste your money.
1,Good old movie
1,Great film, but it's not blu-ray quality.  They just slapped a vcd quality copy onto a blu ray disc.
1,I watched this movie on my Amazon Prime account, so I didn't actually pay for it, at least not specifically. Guess I can be thankful for that anyway. Truth is I didn't know that this movie was linked to a video game. I didn't even know they did stuff like that. That said, and since I kept falling asleep through it, I'll give the Cliff Notes version: I thought the movie was pretty dumb, poorly written, not very well acted, but very, very loud. I guess that's why I kept waking up, because it was so damn loud. Okay, maybe I'm not being fair because I'm probably a little too old to enjoy such nonsense, and truth be told, I never play video games. In fact, I stopped playing video games shortly after Space Invaders and Pac Man came out. lol. So maybe I'm not the right person to give a fair evaluation of what I thought was an annoying, idiotic, poorly executed, very loud movie. But there it is anyway.
1,Unlikable VP Bentley (Rick Fox) is in Baton Rogue because...I'm not sure. While he is there a zombie outbreak happens and a SEAL Team is sent in.		The film concentrates on two characters: AJ (Damon Lipari) a baby SEAL who doesn't get clubbed and reporter Amanda (Stephanie Honor&eacute;).		The zombies were fast moving and the incubation period for infection varied from very short to long. The SEAL operation was bogus as they sent SEALs into an area with no information as to what was happening. They jumped into the area when they would have taken their own helicopter with a back up. The film apparently had to be filmed in one day as the day/night scenes happened haphazardly, changing at random like an ED Wood film. There was zero continuity. The zombies were not convincing and the support cast couldn't act.		Wait until it's a cheap rental.		Guide: F-bomb. No sex or nudity.
1,Gave it away.
1,Horrible movie. Superman was turned into a murderer and the cast just felt wrong.
1,I loved the show until season 7. Something is not right this season. It obviously took a wrong turn.	The cases are way too unrealistic, and far too creepy. This was supposed to be a crime investigation drama with realism.	It turned into a disgusting and revolting horror show. I don't think I will watch this anymore.
1,I hated to even give this one star. Writing the script was not hard. It basically consisted of one word, the F-bomb repeated for however long this monstrosity lasted, which was way too long. And to make matters harder to endure, the director was one of the characters.
1,First time effort from Sidney King. I had never even heard of this film until earlier this week, so I decided to give it a try.		The story is engaging, but veers into cliched territory on more than one occasion. The acting leaves much to be desired, but is not unwatchable. Shot on a very low budget, and looks that way. This film may have been edited with a chainsaw...		If you have an hour and a half to spare, and aren't in the mood for anything challenging, you couldn't do much worse than PEARL DIVER.
1,First of all, I'm an Iron Man fan, period. I'm a fan of the comics. The first film was AWESOME and despite some changes, it stayed VERY true to the source material. The second film was definitely a step down, but still watchable. This third installment is cringe-worthy tripe. To take an enigmatic, exciting, diabolical character from the comic books like the Mandarin and turn him into a fake character puppet portrayed by the great Ben Kingsley, well, it's beyond absurd, it's insulting. Kingsley was mis-used and frankly I'm sad to see he would accept such a pathetic role. I have adored Downey Jr. as Tony, but his arrogance and annoying attributes are wearing thin on me. But I'll continue to lobby for him so as to avoid Ben Affleck becoming the new Stark! This movie blows. What's next? Iron Man 4 where Iron Man fights the great Crimson Dynamo only to find out he is really played by Ron Jeremy, a struggling inventor? Honestly, please don't waste your time or money on this. It's garbage used to suck in $$$$ because the American public will go see ANYTHING with superheroes in it. How far this franchise has fallen since the first great film!
1,Slow pace movie and uninteresting
1,See title
1,Why only release the digital copy to one provider?  If i want to watch on my apple TV I need the apple copy and the VUDU app sucks for downloading to my ipad.  I hate these studios not releasing the digital copy to all providers Why not be like disney movies anywhere?  If I am shelling out 15-25 a movie when everyone else is stealing them digitally I should be rewarded for it.  I will no longer purchase another movie from this studio until they correct this
1,Can't believe that I actually watched this. Don't waste your time. Bad movie all around.
1,Jonas Elrod's movie presents to me only two possibilities. He is either lying about his visions for secondary gain, malingering, or has a hallucination disorder such as schizophrenia or other disorder in which hallucinations may present, such as bipolar disorder. The one medical doctor in the movie is real but is not given an adequate clip to give his true diagnosis and is only heard saying that Jonas' symptoms don't fit easily into any category. I suspect he was not interviewed further because he suspected malingering. His MRI gives no proof of anything, brain anatomy in the setting of schizophrenia is usual normal. Imaging is performed to rule out a mass or other anatomic cause for his symptoms. It is nice to know he is not on drugs, another frequent cause for hallucinations. There is no diagnostic test that can prove or disprove schizophrenia or a hallucinatory disorder. It is a diagnosis made on the symptoms once other physiologic and anatomic causes are excluded. There is an interesting point in the movie when the girlfriend mentions his mood swings, could he possibly be bipolar? Who knows, we aren't given enough information. To me he seems too functional to fit one of these psychiatric diagnosis. This leaves malingering or factitious disorder. This movie gives no proof to his visions you must take it on faith. It is essentially preaching to the choir that already believes seeing angles and demons is possible. It is sure coincidental that he was involved in movies and commercials prior to making this film as it helps to professionally fabricate and distribute his lie. He has financial support from JZ Knight, a well know mystic, in my mind taking all credibility from this being anything other than a financial endeavor with a target audience of well meaning faith endowed religious zealots. They will likely eat this up and proclaim the proof that this move portrays of another dimension or afterlife. And shame on Oprah for believing in and prompting this farce. I believe Jonas and his girlfriend to be nothing better than bad actors, fabricating a lie for profit. Ie malingering! Finally some proof.
1,You SEE, this is why I did NOT buy this movie. Much TOO MUCH of NOTHING going NO in this movie.
1,Really really lame movie
1,Just, plain awful. If you've got nothing better to do for an hour and a half, find something--but not this.
1,Not quite to my taste.
1,This movie sucks. There was nothing any good about it at all. I cant belive i even made it through the whole movie. Not any good for any collection.
1,I picked up my copy of ZOMBIE NATION at a pawn shop for two bucks, so I don't feel as bad about it as those reviewers who paid full price.		The other reviews have covered the questionable plot very well.  I just have to mention the only twist to the story:  The Zombie Raccoon Women eat the Bad Cop alive.  When they tell the Voodoo Priestesses what they have done, they are informed that they don't have to eat human flesh.  "What should we eat?" says a ZRW.  "Eat what everybody else eats," replies a VP.  "Cheeseburgers."		If there is anything this movie has plenty of, it's cheese.		Let me encourage you to watch some other well-done off-the-wall zombie flicks like "Shatter Dead" and "Feeding the Masses."  Both will satisfy your blood lust and your quirk lust (if there is such a thing.)
1,0 starts
1,highly disappointing.  no frontal nudity, even by stars that have posed in the previous calender dvd. some nice men,  a beautiful location but as i said disappointing.
1,Pretty lame movie. Cute story but strange delivery
1,michael is a great actor but i think the director could not make up his mind on this one
1,Worse production ever.
1,List as complete set miss several disks from season 6&7. They work fine got here early. But only get a star since not full set.
1,Interesting setup for a background and story about the US Mexican border and criminals versus American landowners, but fails to have any coherent or reasonable point.		The longer it goes on the more it gets stupid and loses its point.  What this movie really says is nothing complimentary about either side and seems to imply that the border is already gone and the United States has already failed not only here but all over the country.		The story is muddled and like "No Country For Old Men" we get a Mexican super-killer rampaging through the US killing almost everyone he comes in contact with and Americans who seem strong and honorable doing stupid things.  In the end only Mexican characters live.		Good enough to keep me awake and watch all the way through, but barely, so I give it a 2/5.
1,I was about to give this three stars, but seeing how clumsily the previous reviewers have overrated this film (several couldn't spell the directors'  name correctly, one suggests it's set in the 40s, and another claims the  Robbins character "makes it to the top" when he does no such  thing), I decided to bust it to two as a corrective.  I find anything the  Coens make to be worth checking out, but to put this ahead of  "Miller's Crossing," "The Big Lebowski," and even  "Barton Fink" (not to mention "Raising Arizona"), as  one reviewer does, is just silly.	"The Hudsucker Proxy" is one  of the more interesting failures I've seen in a while. It plays with genres  (parody to farce to melodrama to fantasy), vocal accents (Jennifer Jason  Leigh is all over the map), music (mix in a little Khatchaturian and  Bizet), pacing (sometimes the dialogue races at breakneck speeds, other  times the camera takes forever to pull back), and time periods (a tribute  to screwball romances and Wall Street/journalism comedies of the 30s and  40s, the movie is explicitly set in the final month of 1958 but visually  occupies some no-time that straddles several decades).	The plot and  acting are but so-so at best. (My wife guessed and announced one of the  central plot twists, something about the blue letter, a good hour before it  happened; don't you just hate when that happens?)  Although it's supposedly  December in New York, there are a number of scenes with sunshine and people  in shirtsleeves.  Robbins is decent in a wide-eyed innocent role that  demands little (he's had enough of those -- "Erik the Viking" was  sufficient); Jason Leigh overacts wildly but looks great; the romance  between the two is utterly unbelievable, especially from her point of view;  Newman provides gruff fun but doesn't have a lot to do either.  Someone has  noted Buscemi's cameo; there's also a surprising one by Peter Gallagher  (the husband in "sex, lies & videotape" and the supersalesman  in "American Beauty") as a swing band crooner.	What makes this  movie exciting are the inventive camera work (running feet almost punching  the lens as they sprint forward; more than one 44-foot suicide plunge;  newsreel pastiches) and especially the set design (love that boardroom  table, and the hula hoop warehouse).  These are primarily what I would have  awarded a third star for.
1,amatuerish filmmaking at it's worse. Bad camera work, bad lighting, bad sound, and complete lack of acting. I keep hearing it's original but it's basically the same as every other cheap horror film, just with worse production values. Plot and dialogue are laughable in a so bad it's bad way.	Sure to be lost in obscurity, and hopefully soon
1,Aiden Quinn gives us a solid, understated performance, and Janet McTeer is okay (except in her bug-eyed close-ups).  The film starts out well, and the music is VERY engaging, BUT it then introduces homosexual content.  This insertion of the homosexual agenda is totally unnecessary to the story, and it pulls down an otherwise pretty good film.
1,When I 1st watched Sam Raimi's version of Spider-Man I wasn't too sure about it but when part 2 came out, I watched part 1 again then part 2 & knew I liked it. I'm not too sure about this Spider-Man version either so I'm thinking I'll have to wait till part 2 comes out (Hopefully Jamie Foxx won't be Electro Man) watch it again & see what I think. 1 thing I definitely know, I liked Sam Raimi's Spider-Man better. The Amazing Spider-Man was better then what I was expecting but it was kind of blah at times. The main thing I hated about this flick was the relationship between Peter Parker & Gwen Stacy. It felt boring & I could've cared less. When part 2 comes out I'll give it another look
1,Terrible movie. Everything on the trailer was all the kinda funny parts of the movie. Really really bad! I would rate it zero but I had to give a star. Boo!
1,Overall - low budget productions but mostly faithful to the text.		The book of Ruth is great because of the small cast in the story.  The scenes are well acted, but more cultural knowledge of the times would have helped.  The people wear the same garments throughout the whole movie.  Boaz wears purple which was definitely not the case since purple was extremely expensive and very rare.  There is a contradiction in the text with the implementation of a few short cut scenes with David at the beginning and end.  The present David is not knowing how to use the sling, but then do mention that he already killed a lion and a bear with it.  An odd contradiction.  But overall, this portion was well done in my Sunday school class enjoyed it.		The book of Esther is a total washout because of the obvious low-budget production.  The actors are all fine and do a good job but otherwise the movie does not match the scriptural text.  For example in chapter 1 of the biblical book, the Persian King calls over150 provincial princes, and their servants and bodyguards, and has a great feast lasting for a long time.  The movie has about a dozen characters max for the banquet.  What's up with that?  There is a much better presentation  One Night with the King.		I haven't watched the section on Peter yet
1,Created for a younger audience you can understand the sophomoric atmosphere that permeates this film. But the film also has a "dumbed down" feel that actually becomes irritating. Some have compared this, and even suggested that it competes, with Harry Potter films, I disagree. Harry Potter is: Respectful - even to his enemies. Academic - having a hunger to learn. Humble - confiding with and yielding to his elders and even his peers. Cooperative - working with others to achieve what's best for everyone. Considerate - considers the thoughts and feelings of those around him, even when they are wrong or confused. Although Harry faces tremendous obstacles, including dealing with the loss of his parents, he always displays an air of integrity and honesty that gains him the respect of his elders, peers, and even his enemies.		Percy Jackson is: Disrespectful - to his father and teachers, it's all about Percy, after all he's a child of a god. Inconsiderate - doesn't even consider that his father CANNOT associate with him. Anti-academic - doesn't listen to learned or intelligent people, is torpid in class listening to his music player with a vacuous stare in his eyes (blames dyslexia & ADHD - more pills please). Thief - steals the gold coins from the fountain before knowing they could have belonged to Medusa or not, although that's not a justification. Uses people - Percy and his mother use her "boyfriend" (his stink) to hide Percy from the gods (what did Percy do when he was away from him). Vengeful and possibly murderous - in an epilogue scene, between the credits, the mother's "boyfriend" is murdered using the Medusa, knowing full well of his obtrusive nature that he would spring the trap they set for him. These flaws are not only supported and approved of, they are praised (the centaur, played by Pierce Brosnan, shows approval and admiration for Percy's disobedience). Also the basic premise of the film depends on him not obeying and suggests that the only reason to have authority and rules are to disregard them. Although Percy faces tremendous obstacles, he does so in a bumbling, foolhardy, ignorance is bliss kind of way that risks the lives of himself and those around him. Evidently because someone in the heavens is watching over him.		Although gods are ultimately created as a means of control, the Greek gods were also born from a desire to understand and explain nature and man's place in the universe. The gods of today are created to control and dominate nature and man. That is why both suffer so much in our time. The ancient people had already faced the contradictions of most of their beliefs and tried to deal with them. Notice in this film that the gods are very emotional and have many human characteristics like anger, sadness, and petty rivalry. However they are not omniscient, they do not know everything. Zeus, Poseidon, Hades, as well as the other gods have no clue as to where Zeus's Bolt is located.		An omniscient god cannot have emotions. For example, if you came home to find that your spouse has been having an affair. You would become angry or sad because it is new information, something you've now learned. If you had all knowledge there would be nothing for you to learn, you would have known it for as long as you existed. An emotional omniscient god nullifies itself. So an omniscient god repentant of previous actions that eventually destroys everything in a flood because of anger is illogical. Another example is an infinite, perfect, loving god who has no need of anything and therefore could not experience loneliness or lack creating a people knowing that ninety percent will suffer an excruciating torture for an eternity. If you were all-knowing and knew you were going to have ten children but eight or nine of those children would suffer not only in this world but for an eternity in a hell, I doubt you would ever have children. I wouldn't do it if only one of my ten children were to suffer. To experience loneliness and satisfy it knowing that it would cause unimaginable suffering would be the ultimate in selfishness. To be all-loving and do it would be the ultimate in cruelty.		For ages gods have been a perfect way to control people. Simply create a god, then define what [you] the god likes and dislikes and which people to hate or love. Then exploit peoples fears and prejudices, using laws or violence if necessary. And presto! You have control. This is why gods tend to look like or have the characteristics of the people, culture or environment, of those who worship them. Contrary to some popular belief god is actually made in our image.		If all the world decided that we would not acknowledge any god, we would not go to a church, temple, synagogue, etc., there would be little change. If we decided to do the same with money, that we would not buy or sell, the world system would come to a halt. The true god of this world is money. There's a correlation between the fact that the majority of people that believe in a god have less money, are more illiterate, and are therefore more controllable. A very small percentage of people control the wealth of the world and a large portion believe in a god. If I were to ask you to find the closest source of the words "In God We Trust" where would you suggest? Religion doesn't teach you HOW to think, it teaches you WHAT to think.
1,Action scenes were so so, plot was paper thin, acting was amateurish and it stretched the limits of my suspension of disbelief.  I watched hoping it would get better as time went on, but it never did; It was like spilling water on the floor and hoping that by dumping the rest of the glass that somehow the floor would end up dry.
1,When I first saw this movie, I had been built up to believe that this movie was (and is) one of the best films ever made.  My parents, friends, and English teacher, for we studied this film in class, all thought so.  However, I beg to differ.		 This film may have been new for it's time and left some kind of mark; however, I just can't see this film having any kind of permanence at all.		First of all, the cinematography isn't that impressive.  For instance, there are only about three camera shots, three, that stand out as nice, but for the rest of the movie everything is just bland (camera stuff that is).  Lighting?  Well, it's dark.  That's it, just dark.  How complicated is that, making a film dark?  Now film technicalities out of the way, let's talk about story.		 This movie is not an American success story, as some people would like you to think.  Think of it this way.  When an ethnic group creates an underground crime organization we laud it in films and books, but when real gangs break out they are feared on Channel 5 news.  Double standard, right?  So, as the supposedly sweet Godfather goes off killing or threatening people remember he's doing just that, and I even liked Marlon Brando's part (the Godfather!)		 Once the film becomes Michael's story, one of the Godfather's sons (played by Pacino), that's when I really phase out.  This is a story, and the sequel too, about Michael's conflict.  However, I think that Coppola actually believes that we are supposed to feel for this cold-hearted person, who was supposed to be the good son.		 If you want to watch a film that is drawn out, boring, and shows why "business" is all it is then go ahead.  Also, I feel you should watch it just because everyone else thinks it is so "important"; maybe you'll agree.  However, I personally feel it just was not a good film by any standards.
1,Love this story and the acting is exceptional. The amount of swearing is unnecessary though. Didn't finish this movie because of that.
1,This was my least favorite Naked Gun movie. These were funny when they were hot, the others are still funny. This one however I thought was corny and overdone. The expression "It jumped the shark" is usually used when a TV show goes overboard and gets corny and tired. This movie jumped the shark and was indeed the 'final insult' to what was a pretty funny series. There were a few laughs but nothing really earth shattering. Anna Nicole is just an awful actress and looks like a cartoon character. She's ditzy and artificial looking and totally unfunny. The thing with slapstick humor like this is; it's falling-down-funny the first time, can be funny even years later but if it gets over-played it's just like that great song that the radio stations played to death. It's just not the same anymore. I guess the writers thought there can never be too much of a good thing but they were wrong. It wasn't a good thing and it was far too much for me. However, I will always enjoy the other two Naked Gun movies and I really liked Airplane and other similar movies. This one just didn't do it for me!
1,A terrorist explosion at a city caf must be avenged, and they expect us to believe that Arnie is the one to go all the way to Columbia to save America, with the unlikely aid of the bomber's wife. This unusually ambitious but embarrassing action yarn tries to create explosive entertainment using a very serious issue, and a predictable plot twist and a finale involving an explosion at a Federal building which takes the emergency services a good fifteen minutes to respond to doesnt even come close to being worth your time.
1,This is an Amityville-Horror haunted house knock off -- though it is great to see Michael Parks of Then Came Bronson fame, together with Jessica Harper and Vic Morrow.  One would think that with a cast of this power, a better movie would have resulted.
1,Started watching it but got bored with it pretty fast. After seeing newer remake of the titanic just couldn't get into it.
1,Just watched "American Sniper" highly recommended by everyone I know and I don't get it. Same war story we've all seen a hundred times. Too many unexplained strange parts to the story like using a sat phone to call your wife during a fire fight. Really? And the ending, why would you think its a good idea to take a veteran suffering with PTSD to a gun range for target practice? It may have been what happened but it doesn't make any sense to me. Maybe this is just a Texas thing?
1,What can I say?  I was so looking forward to this movie after reading about Hugh Glass's adventures for many years.  I was very disappointed in the movie.
1,Not very funny
1,I did not like it....period.................What is with the certain amount of words to do a review. I did not like it, is that not enough already?????
1,This film is interesting if you want to watch an obsessed ex-cop go off the deep end. But if you want to watch something that actually explains what happened to the economy (which is just as terrifying) the documentary Inside Job is actually accurate, more watchable, and explains in a non-academic way how the meltdown happened.
1,I liked the hay days of Patton not the down days.
1,Too much opinion from the talking heads. I was hoping for more fact based on documentation. The only reason I gave it two stars is because I enjoyed the old pictures and general overview information.
1,Well, the movie is slow and boring, soundtrack is very good, some reviewers said the movie is artsy, I don't think so, shwe drives, she runs and she is in one place an suddenly she is in another place, some parts didn't make sense to me and there is no dialogue really, just Scarlett asking for directions trying to pick up guys. You won't know what this movie is about until more or less you start thinking "what is going on, is she an alien?"	In my humble opinion the director could put a little bit of action in it, like why is people dissapearing or a car chase or a detective trying to find out what is going on. SPOILER: When the alien looks at Scarlett face, Scarletts eyes are blinking, didn't make sense because it is only skin.
1,Waste of money.
1,By Darrell Stoddard, darrellstoddard@gmail.com		I saw this film years ago so my memory of the details are no doubt fuzzy but the impression the film made on me is indelible.		When we came out of the convention center, there was a theater showing One Flew Over the Cuckoos Nest for $1.00 before five PM. It was then 4:45 PM so I said, "I'm in the motion picture business and this film won five Academy Awards. Let's go in and see it." What I remember:		Jack Nicholson is committed to a modern mental institution. He declares that he has been committed only for the "F" word and for fighting. Soon after his admittance the men on the ward are punished for smoking cigarettes and not allowed to watch the World Series on TV. Nicholson of course opposes such severe punishment - because the World Series means so much to the men.		Nicholson then decides what the men really need for their mental illness (in addition to cigarettes) is liquor, so he acquires cases of booze for the patients to have a wonderful time.		Nicholson has so many clever witty lines that he becomes lovable to those who admire defiant antisocial behavior. One reviewer described it well when he said it was a "gut and soul-wrenching movie, with many moments of high maniacal comedy interspersed."		There is very shy young man on the ward with a severe stuttering problem. Who else has the answer but Nicholson? He knows, without it being said, that the boy's stuttering must be coming from sexual repression; so Nicholson arranges (I don't remember how) for a prostitute to be brought onto the ward and they lock the women in the room all night with the boy who stutters. In the morning after spending the night with the prostitute, the boy's stuttering completely stops! He is now self assured, confident and speaks clearly.		When the head nurse learns about what had happened, she asks the boy, "What would your mother think if she knew about what you have done?"  Immediately the boys stuttering returns and he becomes again the shy, pathetic, trembling person he was before. At that point in the film, many young men in the audience of the theater where I watched the film stood and screamed, "KILL THE BITCH, KILL HER, KILL HER, KILL HER!" Those words and the screaming, I will never forget! Makes me wonder what those boys will think of their own mothers who want them to be moral, and decent.		The film ends when a great big Indian smothers Nicholson (Crucifies the savior of the patients in the hospital and the savior of mental illness) with a pillow. The giant Indian then rips out a water cooler and with super human strength heaves the cooler through the bars and window of the hospital which he runs through to get away. I guess this was supposed to symbolize that patients in mental institutions need to break free from Cuckoo hospitals and from a repressive society that has made them mentally ill.		Jack Nicholson who was committed to the hospital for the "F" word and for fighting was the hero who "flew over" in the film because he was the only one who really understood the causes of mental illness. That's brilliant, isn't it? One Flew Over the Cuckoos Nest that won 5 Academy Awards is about as Cuckoo as a film could get.		What did the film really teach? That mental illness is caused by a society that represses indulgence; and that mental health is achieved by satisfying all of our appetites, no matter how base or how carnal; and if anyone tries to dissuade us, be it a nurse, a teacher or a mother, they deserve to be killed!		Academy awards and 284 people giving this film a 5 star rating tells us how sick our society is. Read the comments for a confirmation of this.		See all of my Reviews. I write only about books, events, or motion pictures that have changed the course of history or unforgettable books or motion pictures that will totally change peoples lives.		Darrell Stoddard, Founder - Pain Research Institute and saveusa.biz
1,This is a thinly disguised aping of 007, cast in China during the Cultural Revolution. Lots of snide remarks from Gregory Peck to the Chinese and his American superiors, a foolish premise about an agricultural breakthrough that China might not be willing to share, and it just goes on and on.
1,Went a little to far for me.
1,didn't like it. Can't even remember why!
1,yuk
1,Can't recommend this version as it doesn't appear to have been digitally remastered, or at least not expertly remastered.  You can see the evidence in the form of scratches, dust, and washed out images		There is currently a version on Netflix that has been digitally remastered as well as restored with footage that has been missing from all prints for decades. The restored sections were not remastered, but those scenes make up only a small portion of the print.		Also, in that other version, the music is more what you would expect for a silent film score and the result is that it meshes better than the music here.
1,Slow pace
1,I am glad I only rented it and did not buy it.
1,This movie is exactly why there should be restrictions on calling a movie a "remake". This is possibly the WORST remake of a cult classic I have ever witnessed. NOTHING like the original even though it could've and SHOULD'VE been. Instead of calling it a remake, they should've just called it Fright Night Part 3. Bad acting, bad writing, terrible TERRIBLE casting. It's a sad time for movies in the U.S. because of half-a**ed crap like this. And those people who gave this four and FIVE STARS should be BANNED FOREVER FROM POSTING REVIEWS. The End.
1,boring and slow  not with paying more than 5.00  dollars new , i paid 14.00 which was dumb of me to do that.
1,Test it immediately upon reviewing it. I saw far received TWO that gave "corrupted data" errors upon inserting them in my BluRay players.		These were ordered a year apart from each other. FYI		Waiting on the third. keeping fingers crossed
1,This movie absolutely made no sense to me at all. I really wasted my time with this one! The reviews have no legitimacy!!
1,It wasn't great!
1,The world of cinema does come in threes. For the past two weeks, films have come through my viewing palettes that have befouled my overall excitement for cinema. In a standard rut, one hopes that these final two films will prove otherwise, but keeping my fingers crossed will not be helpful. From nurses in love and an Americanized Harvey Keitel, nothing could have prepared me for the upcoming triumph known as "Young Lady Chatterley". Tagged as the first "X-rated movie to touch you where it counts ... your heart", one pleads with the DVD box to please allow some semblance of a story to push through the "romps" on the grass, but alas, my voice went unheard. This entry into the world of D.H. Lawrence's classic story proves that the naughty bits do make a film, and the late 70s were not afraid to experiment. With lush backgrounds, deepened British accents, and the downtrodden theme of finding an unbridled love free of boredom, "Young Lady Chatterley" attempts to mask the honesty that it is a softcore erotica film. It attempts to say that with these other elements thrown into the mix, we are not just your normal late-night darkened viewing, but instead something of some class and/or cult standing. As a reviewer of this film, one must look at both elements to examine if this film accomplished what it set out to do. How was production value? Was there a determined story? How were our characters? Because it is softcore erotica, should it not be placed within these same rules? While others will argue "no", "Young Lady Chatterley" is a film, and how does it rank among other films of this nature? Not to disappoint, but poorly.		Classical England would ask, "Doth a scenery make strong erotica?" While it seems the general reviewer of this film would agree, I had trouble seeing the production value or lush scenery in "Young Lady Chatterley". There wasn't anything that stood out, minimal sweeping wide shots, over-lighting throughout, and that soft camera filter that made the 70s what they are today were staples within this film. If anything, they were overused to the point of obscuring the actor's work. Leaning further towards the notion of softcore cinema than actual plot-induced cinema, we can look at our actors, to see what their production value was within this 1977 classic.  Harlee McBride, our lead and lady-in-waiting, begins bored, with both life and obviously this role, but as soon as she steps on our twice-removed-once-loved-Chatterley estate, the love and life begin to pour out of her - literally!  With everyone imaginable, she shares herself and takes into form an unrecognizable character.  Was she married to Phillip?  Was she just engaged?  How did it go from Phillip to every person at the estate?  The transition, like her character, just didn't fit.  She lacked that sexual manipulation that was needed to make this film into something more than just the overabundance of love.  There was no change in her or her character, we were handed nothing to begin with - and just expected to believe everything that occurred.  Poor direction by Alan Roberts lead to disinterested characters.  Not only with Harlee McBride, but also with everyone else.  The burly young gardener, the maids, the obviously oblique servants, everyone invited to the finale cake party - just seemed disjointed from the rest of the film.		With no strong characters, a plot that left nothing to the imagination or hope, there really was nothing left of "Young Lady Chatterley".  In fact, I am rather surprised that the Lawrence estate allowed the name to be used for this film.  What did stand out, as the only creativity within a mile, was the surrounding story of the first Lady Chatterley and her first run in with the gardener.  The character depth, the excitement of young love, and the passion that could not be surprisingly were all there for these brief sub-scenes.  The connection between the original lovers vs. that of the new "Young" version, was surprisingly different.  The first had purpose and meaning, while the other was just softcore dribble.  The conversations between the first Lady Chatterley and the gardener seemed responsive and open for discussion, giving at least one purpose to this film - while the rest, well, was utterly disappointing.		VIDEO:  The release of this DVD was not surprisingly sub-par compared to any newer restorations, other films (cult or otherwise) from the 70s get better treatment than this.  From the use of softcore to destroy a classic tale, this Alan Roberts film failed on nearly every level.		VISUAL:  Again, the 70s used quite a bit of techniques that continues to make this film feel like a 70s film.  The ending was horribly filmed, and the use of a couple of special effects (of which I mean the rain shower), was laughable.		SOUND:  Coincidentally, everything matched.  The sound went par with the visuals, creating an ambiance of 70s that will never pull "Young Lady Chatterley" into anything but a late night film view.		EXTRAS:  Surprisingly, they didn't skimp here.  The a-typical cast biographies that work as a page view, the jump to a scene, the posters of this film, and the other films available via Monterey Video are just packed in enough to perhaps call this a "collectors" edition, but would rather not.  Again, a plethora of extras with nowhere to go.		Overall, another milestone has been hit.  The third bad film in a row provides me with an opportunity to watch my first adult classic, but let's me down entirely.  The sub-stories was creative, but the rest of the film was meant for one sole purpose.  "Young Lady Chatterley" may have been pioneering for the time, but over the decades, it has just been forgotten and replaced.  There is a way to create a story like this and actually be artistic, but it was ignored in this film.  This wasn't a cult classic, it was just cinematic garbage.  The story didn't work, our characters were merely naked, and no development to anything was created.  While others boast the lush scenery as being a positive mark on this film, it just wasted time.  The soft-lens treatment of this film blurred away anything interesting from this film, and delivering another cinematic flop.		Grade: * 1/2 out of *****
1,The plot could have been written a lot better. The acting was just bad, by everyone. A, b grade movie for sure. Its watchable if got nothing to do, and it is free.
1,I'm actually a fan of Jefferson Moore's films. But this one was not funny at all. Clancy and the Stranger Series are what you wanna watch.
1,Who are you people rating this four and five stars?  I kept looking at the clock until finally in the last 30 minutes I became interested.  Hokey.  Predictable. Directing that inserts "gotcha-with-shock" silly juxtapositions right in the middle of scenes that interrupts the script and the audience's train of thought.  No wonder the British film-making industry closed up shop.  I am sorry I wasted my money on this film, and I got it used for $2.93!  What a joke.  The only reason I gave it two stars is because of the magnificent actors involved, but even they couldn't save it.  I still think Omar Sharif is completely miscast as the ship's captain. Come on, folks.  Just how did Freddie Jones manage to move all seven of those garbage cans-made-to-be-bombs down all those tight stairways into those small passageways?  Seven?  By himself?  And what happened to his announcement that "one bomb explodes, they all do."  Apparently not, since Richard Harris blew up two with no subsequent explosions.  The only reason to buy and watch this movie is the actors.  But even then it is a pain.  FORGET THIS ONE.
1,An A-list cast is wasted in this overlong & unimaginatively scripted remake of an excellent Asian thriller. Relocating the action from Hong Kong to Boston the plot twists of the original are dutifully reproduced but writer Bill Monahan fails to add anything new. In the original story a gang of criminals have a mole in the police and the police have a mole in the gang. As cop and criminal try to ferret out the other each begins to wonder who he truly is. For example the mole in the police wonders where his real loyalty lies while the undercover cop fears losing his true identity. Scorsese's remake dispenses almost entirely with this rich theme & turns the mole in the police force (played by Matt Damon) into an inexpressive walking blank spot & DiCaprio (playing the cop turned criminal) into a panic stricken caricature. Jack Nicholson does significant damage to the movie by overacting appallingly as a gang boss with an obsession about informers, said obsession signaling an all too obvious 'surprise' revelation concerning his character.		In the original movie each of the leading men found comfort, along with an exploration of their identity crisis, in their relationship with a woman. But Scorsese's remake lazily merges the two women into one & in another unconvincing development has her sleeping with both of them! Of all the actors only Mark Wahlberg as a vulgar cop & Ray Winstone as Nicholson's psychotic enforcer make an impression.		As for Scorsese, who is now in his mid-60's, his direction here feels tired & unengaged. His trademark combination of contemporary music & classics with scenes of graphic violence lacks the impact it once had although it must be admitted that the mediocre material he's working with does him no favours. Unable to control Nicholson (or perhaps encouraging him to overact. Who knows?) The Departed feels - most notably in its silly 'let's-kill-everybody' ending - like a parody of his earlier gangster films. Slick, profane & violent but also hollow, superficial & juvenile, The Departed will be forgotten faster than you can say 'I'm shipping up to Boston.'
1,NSNA is a very odd film. I was anticipating this with great joy for the return of Sean Connery, and then sat through 2 hrs and 14 minutes of this mess, which couldn't quite decide what it wanted to be. Connery's fine as 007, and fits into the role of the aging superspy, who's stuck with working for a new "M", who has no regards for the "Double 0" agents. Then we get blonde bimbo, Domino, as portrayed by the vapid Kim Basinger, who displays no recognizable personality, other than as a plaything for the movie's psychotic villain, oddly portrayed by Klaus something-or-other. Who cares? The only bright light for me was Barbara Carerra's hilarious turn as Fatima Blush. Rowan Atkinson's doing his "Johnny English" bit,which is hilarious in his own movies, but oddly out of place in this film. The worst aspect of the movie is the DREADFUL jazz score by Michel Legrand. What were they thinking? Finally the so-called "climax" of the movie is as flat and anti-climatic as can be. I've had better times watching Dean Martin's Matt Helm movies, than this piece of seaweed.
1,Disk one was exactly what I have become to expect in excellence! Disk two had many skips and problems. Disk three was just beyond patience. So with Five "New Tricks" Series under my belt you can understand my disappointment . I guess three I wasn't  smart enough to contact the seller correctly, haven't heard from them. One disk I could understand, but two disks! I would like a refund or a watchable disk two and disk three.
1,While there were a few punch lines that were funny, the constant assault on morals and the introduction of a nuclear subplot which never resolved right was not funny. This movie is filled with lewd moments that are either nude or nearly nude such as a zipline cut where the main character ends up displaying his genitals on a window. Not funny. The main character is in contrast with the good nature of the supporting characters, which makes the main character's near value twist a farce. While the ending moral is that a bad person may have bad habits can do good things is uplifting, the fact that those changes are always in question makes the main character no different than from the start of the story. I enjoyed the few jokes, but I did not enjoy the overall film.
1,Too dark; did not enjoy it.
1,"Tarzan's Revenge" is a minor 1938 Tarzan feature that would have been a major footnote in the cinematic career of the Ape-Man if producer Sol Lesser had gone with his original idea of casting New York Yankees baseball immortal Lou Gehrig as Tarzan. But apparently the Iron Horse's legs were not as imposing as his upper torso, and the role went instead to Glenn Morris, who was the fourth Olympic athlete to play Tarzan (following Johnny Weismuller, Buster Crabbe, and Herman Brix). Morris was the 1936 Olympic champion in the decathlon and won the Sullivan Award as the outstanding amateur athelete of the year (beating out Jesse Owens, which immediately begs the question when did an African-American athlete finally win the Sullivan Award? Answer: middle distance runner Mal Whitfield in 1954). Lester cast Morris for this tarzan film filmed on the back lots of Twentieth Century-Fox with lots of stock footage of wild animals thrown into the mix.	In terms of Tarzan adventures "Tarzan's Revenge" is pretty much in keeping with the novels of Edgar Rice Burroughs, which is a way of saying that it is not based on any particular one but has elements that often pop up. Lovely Eleanor Reed (Eleanor Holm) is on a safari with her parents (George Barbier and Hedda Hopper) and her spineless fiance, Nev Potter (George Meeker). When Eleanor gets the attention of the evil Ben Alleu Bey (C. Henry Gordon), who wants to add her to his harem, it is up to Tarzan to rescue her. Furthermore, Tarzan is clearly single and able to respond to be looking for a little romance. This particular heresy aside, if you want to know how bad this 70 minute film is, the only thing you need to know is that the reviews were so bad that Morris never made another film. When the female lead upstages Tarzan, you know that is not a good sign. Watching "Tarzan's Revenge" will only make you admire Weismuller's limited acting ability. This one is only for the Tarzan fan who wants to say they have seen everything that is out there.
1,By far the worst of the Trilogy, in my opinion.
1,The movie kept locking up and had to be restarted several times. That ruined the experience. My wifi was not the issue, I checked it through Ookla and it was running at 17/18 megabytes.
1,Boring and slow moving. Couldn't watch the whole movie
1,Don't waste your time watching
1,I  could  not  get  into  this  movie.
1,Boring
1,It was just plain bad, but the 4 and 6 year olds that were visiting enjoyed it.  That should be your guide
1,I am disappointed that I spent money renting this movie. The trailer looked so good! However the plot was predicable and kind of boring. There was not much action and then things just got ridiculous. At the end, I was left unsatisfied and wished that I hadn't wasted money on such a flop of a film.
1,This movie wasn't much to watch. The zombie strippers were okay. I've seen way better.
1,I'd liked what I'd seen of Dennis Miller on TV (O'Reilly show).  HOWEVER, this was horrid!  The language was unbelievable (glad I've never paid to see him in person).  It went right into the trash.
1,Watching this movie almost made me question how I ever watched the TV series. Then I realized that a human being can endure almost anything in small quantities.  Twenty minutes (not including commercials) of Reno 911 is fine.  90 minutes of it is unbearable.  Actually, make that an hour for me because that is as far as I got watching this movie.		911 Miami doesn't really follow a storyline per se.  Certainly not one you were likely expecting of a big screen production.  No, it really is just like the TV show but with longer, more idiotic vignettes thrown together.  I did chuckle a few times but on the whole the humor is moronic. The kind of childish humor that sends fools and children laughing when someone trips and falls.		If you like the type of mindless, pointless drivel shows of the Jackass genre inflicts on society then you will certainly find Rescue 911 Miami  entertaining.  However, those of you who are over the age of 18 and have an ounce of maturity will want to find a better way of spending 90 minutes.
1,How is Sony still making movies?
1,Boring. I fell asleep in the middle of it. Woke up. Did a rewind. Fell asleep again. Woke up. Did a rewind and watched it to the end to be sure it was utterly boring.
1,The move does not have soul just like Frankenstein. sad !
1,The story started off pretty good but got more and more unbelievable to the point of being ridiculous at the end.  The acting and dialogue were good, especially Nick Nolte.  But the melodrama got so thick at the end I could barely stand it.  It also started to get tiresome listening to Tommy grunt and snarl at everyone all hunched over like a cave man.  And, what a surprise, he turns out to be a war hero who never took credit for saving someone's life so the whole crowd is cheering for him.  That by itself...yea, okay; but added to all the other unbelievable stuff; no.  If the writers had consulted a group of high school boys, they probably would have recommended that.  Then how the fight turned out in the end: could it have even been attempted to make it more dramatic and moving?  What else could have been thrown in there to aim for a higher crescendo to make it by far the very most dramatic sports movie of all time--since that seems to have been what they were aiming for?  Maybe the other guy's daughter could have been taken hostage and he has to win to save her life, but at the same time Tommy actually had organ damage and would die if he was hit again.  Sound pretty good?  I mean, that would be even more dramatic right, and more dramatic is better.  This movie could have been good all the way through if the writers had shown a little bit of restraint, but they didn't.  It is possible to overdo something so that it just becomes dumb, and despite the good elements of this film, it could not have been much more overdone in the end.
1,Total garbage!!! Another one of those fake ones ........
1,Loved the cast but hated the unexpected violence in this movie
1,Before you click the not helpful button, understand that I've been a fan of Carlos Mencia's comedy since the early/mid 90's.  The problem with Carlos is the fact that his jokes never change.  If you've heard one of his acts, you've heard all of his acts.  The first time I ever heard him do stand up I couldn't stop laughing at it.  He was laugh out loud funny to me (which almost never happens with me).  But as the years went on, I found that Carlos Mencia's material would rarely change.  I'm not easily offended.  In fact, I love risk taking comedians, but after a while I began to feel like I'd heard everything Carlos had to say.		Fast forward to late 2005/early 2006 and Comedy Central is in a hectic scramble to fill the void that the unintentional smash hit, Chappelle's Show, left after Dave Chappelle goes M.I.A. because he doesn't like the direction of the show is taking.  Thus, Mind Of Mencia is born.  I said to myself "Carlos is getting a show?  This ought to be great."  When I tuned in to watch, I found that the show was a b-level version of Chappelle's Show with a hispanic twist and, in a way, it's no fault of Mencia's.  Comedy Central felt like they needed something similar to Chappelle's Show to keep the huge fan base that Chappelle had brought to the channel.  Insert Carlos Mencia.  The blatant imitation coupled with the fact that Mencia talks about the same thing over and over and you have Mind Of Mencia.  Like another reviewer said, Chappelle did jokes about racists while Mencia did racist jokes.		If you're new to Mencia's comedy then you'll love it (like I did when I first heard him in the early 90's).  But if you've been listening to him for a while now, then you know he's been talking about the same stuff for at least 12 years and it's beyond repetitive now.  The show is like his stand up -- funny in spots.  The show misses more than it hits and when it does hit, it won't generate anything above a chuckle.		Simply put, Dave Chappelle was like sugar.  You'd tune in, watch it, and you'd become addicted to it.  If Dave was sugar, then Mencia is Splenda.  You tune in to the substitute, watch it, and find that it has a familiar flavor......but with a terrible aftertaste.
1,Ok...I actually bought the instant download of this, and actually watched it through once.  I revisited yesterday, like other Titanic buffs I had to have everything Titanic related.  I only got to the point where they treated an injured victim by taping a credit card from the rich ship owner to the wound... Thank God she was willing to take something besides American Express!  And you should take my advice and keep whatever credit card you use in your pocket and skip this pathetic movie with poor special affects and even worse acting and script.		Sorry,		jr
1,I got sucked into yet another Kevin Hart movie. Get Hard, Wedding..., Ride Along 1, Think Like a Man 2. They are all very underwhelming. Think Like a man was good but the rest are blah.
1,Badly written and directed. Shoddy production values.
1,Poor wiener dog
1,This would have been a fantastically terrifying movie.  If it weren't so gosh-darned funny.		Oh...and riddled with cliches.		The best part?  The credits.
1,**1/2		Famed cookbook author Edward Espe Brown takes the old adage "You are what you eat" to a whole new level.  For this master chef/Zen priest believes you must actually become "one" with your food (and, as it turns out, with your utensils as well) if you are to ever attain true wholeness of body and spirit in this life.  Brown has been conducting courses on how to combine the art of meditation with the art of cooking for decades now, and the documentary "How to Cook Your Life" by German filmmaker Doris Dorrie (who went on to make the superb Zen-flavored drama "Cherry Blossoms" a year later) enrolls us in one of those courses - though we don`t get any actual credit for the class and, what's worse, we don`t get to sample any of the food.		Food for Brown has become a way of life - a spiritual and religious experience, as it were, a means of nurturing the soul as well as the body, of becoming one with nature.  And the more organic and less processed that food is the better.		Brown spends much of the time in the course dispensing words of wisdom on how to live life in greater harmony with the world around us, with food and cooking as the primary means of achieving that goal (let it be noted that the seminar takes place in a beautiful bucolic center in rural California).  And if the philosophizing gets to be a bit too much for you after awhile - as it did for me - and Brown seems more like a self-aggrandizing drama queen than an enlightened master at times (the crying over a teapot - and not even a broken one at that - is a bit much), you can at least savor all the tasty morsels that have been lovingly arrayed for our delectation.		Though, come to think of it, with his endless chatter and ceaseless pontificating, Brown puts us in mind of yet another popular expression:  "How about a little less gab and a little more grub?"
1,This is a really awesome show. 1-3 are the best. In this season they got rid of ALL the support characters, which includes changing one the actors. All were critical to the shows success. Thumbs down......	In the earlier seasons the stories they went with were really effective in taking the show to new ground and exploring every avenue of what could happen if you had this ability.	In a sense this season went backward. literally. To his father before him.....bla bla.......	Obviously their budget was extremely low for this season, to cull the characters and to fizzle the story and where it was headed.	The last 5 minute of the last episode was a good way to finish though.
1,This film embraces the Gothic novel tradition with a faithfulness that is it's own worst enemy. The atmosphere and mood that can make such a piece work on the page just doesn't carry over well to the screen, filled as it is with long slow periods of little going on. A dull piece that is not at all helped by Mia Wasikowska's drippy heroine.
1,Ok
1,DVR,  never buying blu-rays for series again.
1,Ok if you get Sailor Moon Season2 uncut you get to see Usagi and the others as there orignal Selfs. So if you love Sailor Moon like me buy Season2 uncut. It's so much better.
1,if your not familiar with crowley's name or his catch phrases, you have them burned into your brain by the end of this mess.  the movie was written by bruce dickinson, of iron maiden.  it has a ken russell over-the-top feel to it.  "crowley" solely focuses on the extreme popular images that the media has endeared to him.  the movie tries to be blasphemous with depravities of urination, rape, orgy and murder.  because it tries so hard to be bad, if fails at it's attempt.  the nudity is brief and not very good.  crowley was a complicated man and this movie shows him at his shallowest.  the movie captures every negative stereotype and none of his depth or brilliance.  the soundtrack is a mess too, as halfway through the movie an iron maiden song comes on, blaring, drowning out the scene's dialogue.  it's unfortunate that a movie about crowley has not been made before this.  it's also unfortunate that this movie is being the one offered.  i'm sure this review will not hinder all the teenage wanna-be's and metal heads from buying it.  there'll be plenty of used copies to go around after a single viewing of it.  would crowley like it?  yes, because he'd get more public exposure, then he'd like it again as he'd sue again for defamation of character which would put him in the limelight again.  don't like my review?  check out Rue Morgue's issue 88 and read theirs.
1,I won't be watching the Simpsons anymore I suppose.  I guess it ended at season17 for me.	Goodbye Simpsons you were getting old anyway.	There are other shows to watch.
1,No wonder Amazon is selling this mini-series at such a low price. I remember when this was shown on PBS Masterpiece Theatre, but at the time I wasn't interested. I just now watched this (borrowed DVDs)and was shocked by the poor quality of acting. I can't comment on how true the plot was to the book (many have reviewers have suggested it was off the mark) but it does seem rather like a soap opera than a classic piece of literature. The acting is pathetically bad - exaggerated stereotypes, outright silliness and a several characters that seem like they are on are the verge of insanity. I kept expecting it to devolve into a Monty Python sketch. I can't believe the woman who played Mrs. St George ever got hired for another role.		Decent acting and delivery by the actors portraying Laura Testvalley, Guy Thwaite and Sir Helmsley Thwaite made the others look even worse by comparison.		It's not in the same league as the usual BBC/PBS mini-series. Don't waste your time.
1,Just terrible, I quit watching after 25 minutes.  Strange political garbage.
1,The one 'star' review is not based on the movie. The movie itself is pretty great. However, it took us a couple of days to watch it because the movie kept 'freezing', and it would take a while before it came back on. This has only happened to me once before with a movie download from Amazon, but it gets frustrating. I do not think it was a fault on our end since I reset it everything, and when we gave up the first night, we rented something else, and had no problem with that. All the stoping, waiting, then going made it hard to keep interest in the movie.
1,I, thought that this movie had good potential but, sadly I was disappointed...Liked the idea, dying by your worst fear but the movie was badly conceived.  Surprise ending was better than the rest of the film.
1,This DVD is a piece of crap. Beck throws around a lot of terms to make it look like he's done some research but he doesn't know what he's talking about. One example is that he mentions the Dead Sea Scrolls, a find of texts from a Jewish sect, not Christians. It's clear in the DVD though that he's talking about the Nag Hammadi Library. Confusing the two is the type of mistake an undergraduate in a beginners course would make. He's clearly out of his depth here. He should do more research before he starts pontificating.
1,There is a certain egotism in writing to display how clever one can be which is all that this movie leaves you with. The story is a copy of the standard fare of let's see how complex and unrealistic a plot we can flash forward/backward enough to create puzzlement in an attempt to show "clever" but which ends up being needlessly confusing. So pointless was this story that it very slowly drags the audience into the Neverland of boredom. Oh, and the acting is as 2-D flat and unemotional as a Saturday morning cartoon.
1,This must have been written by the emotional equivalent of a 14 year old gaming idiot who might learn to trade in the bullets for dialog and storytelling.  It reads like a script outline, all action and superficial violence with no content.  Its worse then watching the edited film version of a readers digest edition. The only thing going for it, are what the actors can say without saying anything, and what the digital artists can paint in.  A card toting NRA dope might enjoy it as most of them think freedom is a gun.  True freedom is inhibition.
1,LOTS OF TROY DONAHUE...LOTS OF SMOTCKING..IN OTHER WORDS...TERRIBLE! IF YOU CAN GET OUT OF THIS MOVIE ,,DO IF ...EVEN IT YOU HAVE TO TAKE THE DOG OUT IN THE RAIN FOR A 2 HOUR WALK.
1,Spoiler Alert. This is strictly a movie about religion not based on survival. If the female character is walking through winter, snow, rain & other elements in ONE THIN DRESS, then you know it's not giving the viewer any sense of history, which is why I wanted to see it through. First of all, I didn't like the irrational, domineering husband who insists they have to leave to find gold. He's selfish and she is gullible and too trusting. Along the way, you hear Indians kill the husband who's walking beside the covered wagon. We don't see any Indians or action, small parts of the sound of the man being struck down are heard, no moans or alerts. The Indians leave without looking in the wagon? Not reality at all. It gets worse and even more unbelievable when the young housewife (she doesn't look like one) keeps walking and we don't witness her eating anything much except alluding to her eating cooked leaves and not enough to keep a cat alive. You have the Indian boy who follows her in her leisurely walk to a town not known. No reality in this film at all. I thought surely when she kept finding frozen people that she'd take some of their clothes; IF it were reality, she'd have taken the man's hat like she did his boots. We see her walking barefooted, bareheaded in snow and she didn't shiver that I could see. The Indian boy was dressed for the weather. She's invincible and needs no coat or shelter and sleeps on snow and ice. Right. It's a time consuming film about religion, as I have stated, and nothing more. I had faith that the film would get better; which it didn't. The ending, I didn't understand that one unless she imagined the Indian boy wasn't even there except in her imagination. Elements of nature against a young wife who didn't stop believing.
1,awful! refund never posted to visa accnt
1,We were deceived by the positive reviews. We are in Japan, speak Japanese, and truly enjoy this country. But this movie moves so slowly, that we stopped watching it after about one-third.
1,This movie is so thick with sugary, gooey and contrived sentiment you'll wish the dentist was sitting right next to you to clean your teeth when it's all over.  There is not one thing they "got right" with this movie.  When I see movies like Platoon, Full Metal Jacket and Hamburger Hill, I am reminded of what great filmmaking involving the Vietnam War can be.  For an author to outright say Hollywood has never produced one film about the Vietnam War with ultimate correctness, I am appalled by the accusation since those last three films I just mentioned have gone on to be some of the most powerful and gripping films of our time-not to mention of the Vietnam War!  After watching "We were soldiers," the directors and writers use every cliche in the book (including cliches innovated from those three films) to tell a story that has been told a million times before and with far better innovation than this tripe of a film!	Let me say this without reservation;  I am in the US Navy and quite simply, watching something like this angers me because it tries too hard to convey a message without taking the really hard roads to tell it.  It's almost presented with too much ease and not enough grit and grime.  I will say, there is one scene where the grit and grime come really close-when Barry Peppers character tries to lift one of his buddies to safety only to accidently pull off charred legs from Nepalm-it's gripping and shocking and the look on Barry Peppers face is brilliant.  Barry Pepper is a really great actor and quite frankly he really holds up a really small and strong character throughout the film.  Unfortunately, I quickly ended up breaking in laughter watching bacon boy look ridiculous with all the obvious layers of make up that was supposed to look like a charred face.	After watching the "making of" documentary on the DVD, my assumptions were correct when they show you a plethora of wardrobe for Mr. Gibson who wore dozens of different uniforms to show the wear and tear of the event.  C'MON!  Why not just have Mel Gibson in one uniform for the entire thing?  Do you see what Hollywood is trying to do here folks?  It's not reality and it's not realistic, it's just a bunch of guys in front of a camera playing war games only with a bunch of caterers standing by and slick and expensive production designl. Even worse, no heartfelt emotion anywhere!	The DVD itself poses almost no extras (not even a trailer) and is a letdown considering this movie was a major upset and only raked in a measly 60 million at the box office.  This movie cost almost twice that and I don't see them really making up the cost anywhere on this DVD version.  I am kinda glad this movie didn't go too far.  It doesn't deserve to.  After watching brilliant war films like Saving Private Ryan (depicting WW2) and Black Hawk Down (Gulf War), you know that the story of Vietnam has been appropriately done somewhere else after watching "We Were Soldiers."
1,It had a great message, but it contained,in my opinion,terrible acting, too much preaching, too much of a predictable outcome.		It was a B movie all the way, but fell below that standard almost.		I still say it has a great message for all married couples, for all men and women planing on getting maried, and all folks that their marriage may be in diar straights...
1,it's not my kind of movie , but what else is there.
1,Let me first preface my review by stating that the Fall of the Roman Empire is a wonderful movie. The cinematography and art direction are gorgeous. Sophia Loren is radiant. Stephen Boyd properly heroic, in spite of the bad blond hair dye. Alec Guinness, James Mason and Christopher Plummer are extraordinary.		No, my one star is not for the movie. It's for the limited edition 3 DVD set. The extras included can not justify its $39.95 price tag. The "extra" DVD (included only in this set) is nothing more than a collection of Encyclopedia Britannica movie shorts on Ancient Rome.		Do you remember those old (16mm) movies you watched in grammar school ? That's what they are. Those old movies. There's nothing new.		Also included are 4x6 replicas of the movie placards and program.		Are they interesting ? Yes, they are fun to look at. Are they worth the price of $39.95 ?		NO ! That's why the 3 volume limited edition set is a rip off !!!		If you are interested in this movie (and it is a good one), buy the 2 DVD  special edition DVD instead. The limited edition set is a waste of money.
1,I did not like the movie.
1,Stupid
1,Pridictable and slow
1,Awful movie!
1,This wasn't quite what I had expected.  I thought that there would be a series of training exercises presented.  Instead, the presenter, ( who spoke in poor broken English ), spoke mostly in theorectical terms and only had some students demonstrate repetitively the same basic techniques for the last half of the rather lengthy DVD runtime.  The production qualities were very poor.  I would not recommend this at all.
1,This is a movie for sensation seekers, not adults looking for interesting drama. It could have been different because there are a lot of good points about it - the graphic portrayal of sex trade, government indifference and corruption, etc. But the "action" sequences are right out of a video game. Absurd, full of impossible scenarios, and made for the 17 to 22 year old set.
1,Weak plot.  Poor acting.  Lots of boring inaction.
1,Great movie! FLUKE Amazon for stealing HD movies to my PC. You have become whores!
1,I am surprised that so many people thought this video was easy to follow and good for beginners.  I could not keep up with this workout simply because she changed the moves too quickly and didn't give any countdown to the next move.  I prefer the Leslie Sansone and Jillian Michaels workouts.  I also found Denise Austin's voice to be way too soothing and gentle for during a workout.
1,Waste of time
1,Don't waste your time on this dumbed down teen version of a great classic movie, the original Black & White version was a masterpiece but not for everyone as it is dated and most of the action is actually off screen as it was impossible to do the special effects in those days.		The 80's remake by John Carpenter was a sci-fi masterpiece, acting, casting,special effects, brilliant music score, and next to the chest-burster scene in the first Alien movie probably some of the scariest & original scenes ever shot. Carpenter's script is much closer to the book too, Carpenter is a bit like James Cameron, he knows how to tell a really good story as well as scare the bejesus out of us at the same time.		This version is dreck, it looks like they took the Stepford cast from a Macy's clothing sale catalogue, pretty, but dumb as rocks with dialalogue to match.
1,It was disappointing...poor acting, weak writing...
1,IF I COULD GIVE NO STARS I WOUld
1,I half expected to loathe this movie before I sat down to watch it, so I can't really complain that I was let down or that it proved an utter disappointment.  Just by looking at the front of the DVD I knew this was going to be a very substandard film.  Don't get me wrong entirely; I like Sandra Bullock, I won't lie.  For some reason I find myself drawn to her despite the fact that she's not really the greatest actress out there and time and time again she chooses the worst role for her career, but I still love her and will watch anything she's in just to watch it (watch something like `Two Weeks Notice' or `While you were Sleeping' and you'll instantly understand why I love her).  Chris O'Donnell on the other hand is not someone I'm even remotely drawn to nor do I care to watch anything he attaches himself to.  All that said, I sat down to watch `In Love and War' because my wife remembered liking it years ago and I can safely say when it was all over she had changed her opinion of this waste of a film.		Biopic's are actually one of my favorite genre's of film.  I love to see real life displayed in an interesting and entertaining way.  The life of Earnest Hemingway could have been very interesting and entertaining had the cast and script been nailed down a little tighter.  I actually have much hope to see Hemingway's story done right next year when James Gandolfini takes on the lead role in the upcoming biopic.  Here though O'Donnell really adds no light or layers to his character and thus does Hemingway a huge disservice, painting him as immature and unlikable.  I had so much trouble understanding why these two people were so drawn to each other.  Bullock may be miles ahead of O'Donnell but that only goes to further prove how terrible O'Donnell is here, for Sandra herself is mediocre at best.		The film follows Hemingway as he embarks on an affair with a Red Cross nurse right years his elder.  Even with its focus on this part of his life it could have broadened better and became more than just a poorly constructed love story.  It had plenty of potential and judging by the director Attenborough's other work it's almost embarrassing to place this in the list.  In fact `Shadowlands' is one of my favorite biopic's for it truly fleshes out the people we're supposed to be caring about.  `In Love and War' does nothing of the sort.  It plays out like a made for TV movie, one that you would never waste your time actually watching.  There are a few scenes that are touching, all of which deal with other characters, but they are far from enough to rescue this film from mediocrity.  In the end, `In Love and War' does nothing for me besides help me to realize that sometimes you can judge a book, or in this case a film, by its cover.
1,Not many films make me feel stupid for actually watching them, but this movie did.  Despite starring LL Cool J (who generally happens to at least make stupid films entertaining) this film falls so far flat that it almost bows under and creates a ditch.  Chris Klein is a horrendous actor and he manages to muddle up nearly everything he comes in contact with, and no matter how hot Rebecca Romijn-Stamos is (just Romijn now), she doesn't bring anything to this film outside of her body, and that just can't cut it.  The violence is cheap, the script is preposterous and the action sequences feel third rate.  This is one of those films that offer us absolutely nothing.		I have nothing else to say about this.
1,Peter Gunn: Set 1 is a moderately entertaining, if dated, viewing experience for those who missed his original exploits during the late 50s. Longtime fans of the series should definitely consider a purchase, as A&E has provided the series with a decent presentation, considering its age. Newcomers might want to give it a rent first, however.
1,very predictable, same old story..I found it boring and repeditive of the poor against the rich story, and I also found it boring that all the oppressed were hispanic looking..boring and not true, especially if you live outside of the Hollywood LA area,the  Southern California are.. there is a whole other world out here Hollywood, just a thought you should consider???	Renting it was a huge waste of my money.
1,This is most definately not a childrens movie.  I would class this as a "wolf in sheeps clothing".  It has some very serious undertones in it that any child under the age of 10 really isn't ready to deal with.  Even I had trouble working out if I was watching a fantasy, a drama/tragedy or kids movie.		It leaves one with a very empty feeling and wondering what the whole point of the movie really was.  If I want to feel miserable watching something ........I'll watch the news thanks.		Give this one a WIDE berth!!!
1,It was ok.
1,i thought this was a new version and purchased it, but found it is one I already have, but the	cover had been changed, the other had Sammo Hung on the cover - was very misleading
1,The acting was so horrible!
1,I watched this on PBS.  It is not a history of the Jews.  It is selections, a story the theme of which is: well, we tried a bit to fit in but horrible things happened and now Israel can do horrible things to other people and you should shut up about it - ignore that 3 to 6 billion a year US taxpayers give to Israel.		He does not deal with the founding of the religion but dates it to 3000 years ago - something that other scholars place later.  He does not go into the evolution of "God" but says it is the the first monotheistic religion, ignoring older Zoroastrianism.  At what point did Judaism give up the others gods implied, in the commandment, "Thou shalt have no other gods before me."  God, thinks there are other Gods?  If so is that really monotheism or just paying attention to one?		We are presented with a city from the time of David - except that has not been proven - the whole list of kings in the Bible is being challenged by archaeology.  We are given the story of the slaves in Egypt without being told that scholarship is now clear; no mass slavery in Egypt; Exodus didn't happen.  So how is the religion reacting to one of the main holy days and foundation stories being contradicted by archaeology?  How do you continue to grieve for something that didn't happen?  (I'm religious and all religions have, in my opinion some of this.)		Does he help us with these contradictions?  No.  How is Judaism dealing with the new information?  Is it the same as in Christianity where some are reading it as metaphor and others are demanding it's fact, sticking their heads in the ground and tantruming?		Romans gave Jews special status under law.  They did not persecute them until they refused to pay their taxes.  Greeks and Romans both allowed them not to worship the state Gods, the only group that I am aware of allowed to not do so.  Anyone not worshiping the state Gods courted disaster from the Gods for the entire community.  Schama doesn't tell us this.  Instead he complains that Rome's elite didn't want to have dinner with Jews but they didn't want to have dinner with Greeks either  and they respected and resented the Greeks.		Jews, like all people, do good things and bad things.  The good and bad of history is not presented.  Anyone who pays compound interest will resent the holder of the loan.  Nothing about the repression of women, or the extreme intolerance practiced by some of the ultra-orthodox and right is mentioned.  Frankly, I think they would probably kill me for some of my beliefs/practices.		All the examples of persecution of Jews are legit.  Yet he doesn't take on the nastiness of the Bible's Book of Hebrews. That would probably offend too many viewers, (or get them to agree!) and Shama is more interested in the end of his story and the defense of Israel's current indefensible government.  Nothing about the Crusades, the popes, the Bible.  Safer subjects such like political figures get the brunt of his wrath.		For Roman attitudes to the Jews, try Kenneth Harl's lectures for the Teaching Company.  For the formation of Judaism, I recommend Karen Armstrong's The Bible, A Biography and A History of God.  The latter is, regretfully, a history of just Western God. I'm also very fond of reading Heschel.		I forget the name of the Rabbi, (Heschel?) who when asked to boil Judaism down to it's core said, "Don't do to others what you don't want done to you.  The rest is commentary.  Go and study it."		So, if this Golden Rule is the essence of Judaism, is Israel currently a Jewish state or has it lost its faith and become something else? There is one interview and some pictures of the poor Palestinians forced out of their village.  The wall is shown - and it's a wall not a "barrier".  But not the day to day misery.  (Watch 5 Broken Cameras for that.) Thankfully Shama does side with the zealot and the wars to come when his Zionist zealot proclaims the Jewish state "to the Tigris and Euphrates, to the sea beyond."		What I see happening to the Palestinians in Gaza and the West Bank is coming very close to what the Nazis did to the Jews in Warsaw.  What do you call it when hundreds of thousands of Arabs are pushed out of their homes and surrounded by walls, trade routes cut off, water rationed, food rationed?		All this is justified by the Holocaust.  Six million Jews died.  Yes, beyond horrible.  But five million others died also as well, a total of 11 million.  Killed by category were: Poles (2.5 million!) Soviets, especially prisoners of war, the mentally ill, the deaf, the physically disabled, the mentally retarded, homosexuals, transsexuals, communists, social democrats, socialists and Jehovah's Witnesses.  Is there any group in history that has not had some terrible wrong in their history?  Even aristocrats periodically lose all.  Do Poles, the deaf, gays or Jehovah Witnesses now have the right to go to Israel and say, our sacred book and our suffering give us the right to this land?  We suffered and you did nothing so now it's ours?  No.  At some point, the suffering must end and I would argue tolerance for those who do not deserve it is needed for peace - thank you Desmond Tutu.  Yet, we must be intolerant of intolerance if we are to live in peace.		18 to 24 million Soviets died in WWII.  Does that give them the right to annex Crimea?  What about Ukraine, Belarus, Latvia, or the rest of the Soviet Union?  At what point does it end?		Usually minority groups compliment the majority by becoming like them - even gays now want all the same right and responsibilities as straights.  Groups that go off and reject the majority historically do not fare well - even within Judaism!  Jews are far from the only ones having a turbulent history.  There are Jews that assimilate and give up their religion.  Yet, millions do not.  That interests me. And gets my respect.  I too like aspects of my culture, the dominate culture, and am a member of subcultures.		However, my respect ends with what is happening now, as I write, in Israel, Gaza and the Occupied Territories.  When Schama says we have no right to criticize Israel because we do not live there (he actually says that!) he gives up reason, the whole Western tradition of rationalism and the core of Judaism -"don't do to others what you don't want done to you".  He demands we stand mute while others are abused and killed.  To go "Israeli" now means to respond in extreme overreaction.  To me it is not a loving act, to either party to stand silent, mute when people are killed or harmed.  And to continue to give 3 to 6 billion in my US tax payer "aid", used largely for the military and freeing up funds for "settlements" well, some of that money is mine and no, no, no.		By the by, someone please write a good history (good and bad acts, both please) of the Jews. (And the Christians, Muslims, Buddhists, Hindus please.)  For the good and bad of the United States, I recommend Howard Zinn's A People's History of the United States.		Schama wrote a "story" not a history.  I recommend his Citizen, a history of the French Revolution.  That's good.
1,I only saw this movie because I was sick and depressed bythe Hurricane Sandy coverage on every news channel. By comparison to this movie, Hurricane Sandy made me upbeat! The so-called writer/director must have been one helluva talker to get a $7 million(?!!!)budget for this P.O.S.!! How many decent and fine scripts were passed over for this POS? Small hospitals could have been built with $7 million, even landfills which is where this POS deserves to be buried, oh, so deep! If I could, I'd buy the rights to this POS and destroy every copy.		This has to be a record-breaker for the "F" word and hearing it out of the mouths of kids is so not funny. Art (if this is what you want to call it) is a reflection of the artist, what they love, what turns them on,how they view the world. By seeing this piece of crap I can see the writer/director is obsessed with drugs/)truly disgusting porn/vandalism/theft, et al. and desperately needs to grow up and pull his head out of the sewer. The Hesher character is merely a large INFANT with a driver's license and no boundaries smashing through the world in one ugly tantrum after another. So sick of these movies! The world is burning. We need uplifting fare, not crap. And WHAT is Hollywood Princess Portman doing in this thing? Did she need the money this bad?		DO NOT LET CHILDREN SEE THIS!!!		You've been warned....again.
1,Kind of dull. Hated theend.
1,Deep down into the water and we find out early there is a hidden message as to what happened to the first sub they sunk  into the unknown location and where everyone seems to be lying. The crew is somewhat small but grew smaller with time since they were dying continually by different monsters/creatures. The story line is poor. The acting is worse. The noble deed of the Captain at the end was shallow. Nope, stay away and find something else.
1,There, I just saved you 1:40 of your life which would otherwise have been wasted watching this B and C list piece of hackneyed tripe.		If you want to watch a crappy movie about an overworked "spirits not being able to let go of their mortal coils" theme then go ahead. At least there is some eye candy and a couple of prickish characters you won't mind seeing die. I don't do spoilers very often, but I did you a favor this time.
1,Another movie that I watched a little bit of,then couldn't finish it because something came up,and I was never able to watch any more of it. Even later in the day! C'mon,Amazon! Wazzup w.this???
1,Was just okay
1,I really like this show but now it is starting to look like a horrible soap opera from the 70s if it doesn't get better soon I'm done watching it.
1,This dvd is really a bust because the so many of the scenes on the first disc is often out of focus, this looks like a copy of a copy of a copy.	It is noted that this dvd set is closed captioned but it is not, not captioned at all	A big disappointment.
1,Moonraker starts off very good. Moore again easily slips into Bond's shoes... Q has crazier gadgets than ever... there's a good strong plot... but around the last 45 minutes or so, it begins to try to destroy itself in every way possible.	It begins to try and turn itself into an Airplane!-like spoof and almost completely jeopardizes all the Bond films that came before it. It waters down all the action and love sequences with goofball slapstick and has a happily-ever-after ending that would make even Walt Disney cringe: Jaws decides he should become a good guy in the name of his girlfriend.	Also, in these last 45 minutes, there are many ripoffs to other better films. Like, for example, Mr. Trolly Does Time, a terrific film, is where Moonraker gets much of its milage (The whole scelevator scene was done earlier and better in MTDT). Also Moonraker borrows heavily from Ardy in the Hood, that excellent blaxploitation film starring a talking aardvark, in all of its chases.	The film's plot: a US space shuttle named Moonraker vanishes while transported by RAF. 007 is sent to question the builder of the shuttle, Hugo Drax. Bond suspects Drax more and more as he teams up with CIA agent Holly. Then he discovers a hokey conspiracy involving poison gas.	I give the first two thirds of the film 4 stars, but I give the repulsive last third one star. Overall, two lonely stars.
1,A complete waste of time and money.
1,Right now i have this ranked as HF's worst movie.  Yes it is even worst than 6 days and 7 nights.  I do preserve the 1 star rating for the totally bad movies, but HF is in it, hence 2 star here.
1,This film is very interesting yet a gigantic disappointment. it has been turned into a comedy thus killing Miss Christy's original  intent. Though it is based on her adaptation of her own story as a play, no one in the book is likable and there is probably not one word of comedy anywhere. If you don't care about what Miss Christy originally wrote you will enjoy this film as it is fun with many well known actors.		The Russian version, with terrible titles, can be found and it is one of the great mystery films. It is very dark and lives up to the original ending of the title poem while the unfamiliarity of the actors helps immensely. And only this conclusion fits.
1,Wow--laughably bad! The fact that this low-budget indie has so many 5 star reviews makes this maybe the worst (best?) example of friends and family voting for a piece of junk. Maybe I shouldn't have used the word "laughably," as it's actually just plain boring, as well as terribly acted, written, directed...uh, what else is there...art direction, lighting, etc.
1,The Gestapo is an organization which gets things done. Unfortunately what they do is mostly evil. The players in this film are well known. But I was disappointed in the terrible video quality of scenes lifted from TRIUMPH OF THE WILL. Leni Riefenstahl produced a beautiful propaganda film, which has been re-mastered. In the "Gestapo", those scenes were muddled and blurred. There are many films about the Third Reich with good video quality, but this is not one of them.
1,THE ONLY THING POSITIVE i CAN SAY ABOUT THIS MOVIE IS THAT THE ACTING IS GOOD.  THE DIALOGUE IS VERY POOR AND THE FILM ITSELF IS INCREDIBLY SLOW MOVING.  DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY.
1,Definitely watchable,but more of a soap opera than a period piece. In my opinion, Hermione Norris seems miscast, Kevin Doyle, Richard Rankin, Jodhi May, Adam James, and particularly Suranne Jones, overact. I loved Kerry Fox--she was perfect as the creepy Sister Quayle. I would have liked more of her scheming. What I didn't buy into: the love story between Kitty and Thomas. Who would like him? He's grumpy, judgmental, cold, and has that annoying Scottish accent. The love story between Sister Joan and the German man was overwrought and I really didn't care about it--who is this guy anyway? Just someone she supposedly loves, but we don't know anything about him, so it's hard to work up the emotion necessary to care about what happens. The two people who had the most chemistry were Peter and Flora, but sadly he was the token gay person and she didn't seem interested in romance. If I had been writing this series, I would have had Flora come from a privileged background (as Rosalie did) and fall for Peter, the rough, sometimes cruel, and definitely (in my story) heterosexual corporal. Also, I would have had the charismatic Miles take a shine to the uptight Rosalie. I also would have spent a little more time developing the main characters rather than focusing on a new group of side characters each episode. Silly plotlines: the going blind officer, the revelation that Matron had an affair with a Sikh (really? ok, either develop the character a little bit or don't even mention it. As with the German guy, it's hard to be interested or to have feeling for someone you know nothing about). Also, it was hard to understand Sister Quayle's frustration of being passed over in favor of Grace because we didn't see any of the back story. In summary, this series had potential, but settles for lazy characterization and plots and although I don't regret watching it, it's definitely not a keeper.
1,The first rule of comedy: Be Funny		Sarah S. shows some cleverness. Problem is she is first a self-indulgent Jewish shock comedienne and then a performer. (The video "Give the Jew Girl a Toy" is cute but too much all at the same time. She has a point but don't belabor that point. Sorry, you can't base a career on Santa Claus)		When a performer is so much into themselves we seem to be intruding on their inner thoughts; that's where the therapy comes in. However self-loathing, public revelation trumps the poignancy of social commentary.		There are the obligatory comments about Nazis, German cars etc. Too bad she had to start the show with an attack on Jesus and Catholicism. Do I have to really say that for a Jew who understands the Holocaust she should be a bit tolerant of other people's religion? Who is she pandering to by insulting Jesus?		Shocking but still politically correct.	She jokes (a little) about gay men and she jokes (a little) about Black men but never crosses the political correction line. There is the obligatory non-judgmental attitude towards gays and Blacks.  She implies gay sex is okay for them but not for her. She talks about the "N-word" but then cowers in front of a couple of Black men (in an otherwise charming music video) lest they beat her.		Adolescent filthy jokes about sex and the toilet, laced with profanity are no substitute for maturity nor sophistication. She is willing to take a bullet; she implies sexual abuse as a youth but that doesn't make her any funnier nor her words more truthful.		Comedy is difficult but also very easy.	Get a group of people and say outrageous things, add alcohol, and people will laugh. Anyone can do that once but do it on a regular basis and you become a successful comic. Part of Silverman's appeal is that she says outrageous things; so what genius does that take?
1,After hearing for years how funny this movie was, I finally decided it was time for me to see it.	What a waste of time and money.  It was not funny and I have a broad sense of humor.
1,Who in their right mind will play video tricks with a baby's mouth...?  This cheap DVD does it.  Adults mouth movement is super imposed on baby's mouth to create an impression of baby singing rhymes.		The result is a rather disgusting video that looks devilish.  I can't believe so many people would have enjoyed this and given 5 star rating.
1,Nothing like the first movie , lack of dialogue , too many grunts, instead of words.	Action continued for so long it was boring , would not buy again.
1,Im going to be 100% real with you	This movie sucked.	Wanbabee twister. Bad acting syfy channel type movie. No gore no horror  i have lived thru a tornado  its more like twister. This movie is bad  in a bad non michael whos bad kinda bad. 20 hd bucks i coul have spent on lottery tickets
1,Might be good. Quality was very poor. Shut off
1,Weak plot line, no character development. A waste of talented actors, and my money!	Watch reruns of all in the Family.
1,I'm not into the glittery drug culture portrayed on the film, so I didn't it.
1,For those of you missed "Misery" we have a watered down version. Alex (Nicholas D'Agosto) is a voyeur and not a very good one. He gets caught by a couple while in their house. They believe Alex is their dead son Timmy who has come back to them as he is held prisoner after his accident.		Started out good with Alex approaching Crispin Glover type of creeper. Leighton Meester added a perky klepto character that was for the most part wasted. This is a film that is available on multi-packs which may be the best way to buy this one.		Guide: F-word. No sex or nudity.
1,I'm very surprised to see some of the positive reviews this has gotten and I feel it's a duty to offer an honestly negative counterpoint for anyone considering spending money on this who might have high expectations based on Dario Argento's reputation (though I expect some uncritical fans will consider this sort of thing sacrilege and hit the not helpful button immediately).  Argento's best work from the 70s in both the giallo and the supernatural horror genres is truly some of my favorite filmmaking of all time, which makes the undeniable decline in quality of his work since Opera all the more painful.  I actually, despite their failings, do like certain things about Stendahl Syndrome and Sleepless (and the subsequent Do You Like Hitchcock?); the Card Player, however, just falls short in too many different ways to ignore and make any excuses for.		There are very few striking visual flourishes here, almost none of the amazing camerawork and staging that mark Argento's classics; the look of the film is strangely generic and undistinctive, without the strong personality and drive Argento used to convey through his material.  The violence here lacks the truly inspired perverse qualities that characterize many of the classic murders and extreme outbursts driving earlier films.  The acting by the female lead is compromised by her obviously limited abilities with English, which extends to other members of the cast; the dialogue is not particularly well written but far worse when rendered badly by non-native speakers (though the guy who I think is actually English doesn't actually fare much better).  There are numerous scenes throughout that are even poorly staged and ineptly exected and only two that strike me as genuinely suspenseful in any way; where other Argento films have a hypnotic dreamlike rhythm, this film just feels clumsy and meandering.  The ending is weak and the cumulative impact of the film on the viewer is about none at all.  As a police procedural by anybody, this does not compare favorably with other much better films in a fairly crowded field; if anything, it feels like a made for TV production or an extended R-rated episode of a routine cop show.		Like many people, I keep hoping for a return to form from Dario (Terza Madre anyone?).  With almost every project, rumors fly that this one is the one.  Well, the Card Player definitely was not it.  If you are a fan of Argento's past work, better to skip this completely.
1,Set in the prehistoric times there's a mammoth hunter named D'Leh (Steven Strait, "The Covenant") who must fight back and lead a band of warriors against an oppressive army that captures a beautiful young woman named Evolet (Camilla Belle, "Push"). Thats about the gist of the movie, D'Leh fights through rough terrain, battles the elements and fights giant creatures with a spear and his own cunning.		While any caveman/prehistoric movie is more often than not meant as campy fun, this one is an exception. Its slow and boring, not a lot of good if any decent acting, the cinematography is well done at least so it looks pretty as does Camilla, though once again she's not terribly expressive or that good of an actress. The battle sequence at the end is fairly underwhelming and just kinda there, sure there are some decent visual effects but when the story and dialogue aren't that energetic it makes for a long and boring alleged epic. * out of 4 stars.
1,I rented this thinking it was a cool, noirsh thriller, but it's just a long, long, long series of talking heads. It's shot to be a "documentary" and it's incredibly boring. Also, the director employs a lot of cheap tricks, like an actor is in the middle of a scene, then stares at the camera and starts a talking head monologue. Very lame and very boring to watch. If you like films with zero action and people staring at the camera and talking for hours, you'll love this. If you want a narrative film, DO NOT WATCH THIS.
1,Lot of bad language!
1,Dead Space: Aftermath (Mike Disa, 2011)		As of yesterday morning, I had fifteen movies on my Netflix queue rated less than two stars. I have since watched four of them, and have only agreed with one (Hellraiser: Revelations). I liked, give or take, the first animated Dead Space movie, and I liked, give or take, Afermath (current Netflix rating, according to my instant-streaming page: 1.9), which covers the events between the first and second games. Understand that liked is a term I'm using loosely here. Animated movies have to be judged on a different set of criteria than live-action movies do. You have to expect overacting from the voice characters, you obviously don't have to worry about cinematography, lighting, etc., and the most important guy behind the camera isn't the director, it's the lead animator. In this case, I can't quite be sure who that is; the credits list key animation directors, but only for two of the sequences (there are five, four flashbacks and a wraparound). For what it's worth, the two listed are Jung-eun Kim (Millennium Actress) and Eun-kyung Kwon (in is feature debut). Is it these guys I should be yelling at? I got no clue.		SPOILER ALERT: If you haven't played the games, the plot summary contains major spoilers for the film (I assume most people interested in watching the movie will be fans of the game, so I'm not terribly concerned about spoilers). If you have not yet (a) seen Aftermath and/or (b) played Dead Space 2, which by default gives away the end of the movie, skip the next paragraph.		Plot: Aftermath takes us through the events that get Nolan Stross (voice of Ghost Game's Curt Cornelius, who also voices Nolan Stross in Dead Space 2) into captivity next to Isaac Clarke, protagonist of the original Dead Space, in The Sprawl. As we open, a rescue team is boarding the O'Bannon to look for survivors. They find four: Stross, Isabel Cho (voice of Heathens and Thieves' Gwendoline Yeo), Alejandro Borges (voice of Piranha 3D's Ricardo Chavira), and Nickolas Kuttner (voice of The Dark Knight Rises' Christopher Judge). Two scientists, an engineer, and a security officer. They are taken back to The Sprawl and questioned, one by one, about what happened on the O'Bannon; the story each tells fills in another piece of the puzzle of what happened on the O'Bannon (and on Aegis VII's mining colony).		Ultimately, there are two main problems with Aftermath. The first is... we don't see a necromorph until forty-five minutes into the movie? What? Granted, that's probably only going to be a problem for the gamers, but then like I said, I assume most everyone watching this will be familiar with the games. The second is the animation. It's okay for a computer game, but... well, let me put it this way: we've had some movies over the past decade or so with great animation, but ridiculous stories, when the stories even exist (Final Fantasy and Immortel: Ad Vitam come to mind immediately). Here we have the opposite problem. You combine that animation with these compelling stories and you're going to get a movie that will wow people pretty hard. (Assuming you add some necromorphs earlier on, that is....) As it is, though, I think this is only applicable to hardcore Dead Space gamers, and even a bunch of those are going to be disappointed in this. **
1,I recently traipsed down memory lane and rewatched the first Mummy which was thoroughly enjoyable so I figured I'd rewatch the second one. I immediately regretted my decision. The movie may have been fun when I was a kid, but it's pretty awful now. Any of the great advancements cgi made in the first movie was reused here but to a less masterful degree. Some of the mummy's movements are clunky. And the reusing of all the last film's fun only lessens the potential of this film. Fraser's near Indy of the last film is less rugged and more worn this time around that you can actually see the "acting" taking place in him as well as everyone around him who are all tryin to take it seriously but can't seem to stop rolling their eyes between each take. So save yourself from this and just rewatch the first one again.
1,I mostly watch it for the nordic nature and atmosphere. The story is typical. DCI Morton is a sympathetic character. Others seem unable to think straight and overwhelmed with emotions. The black guy appeared to be a real animal.
1,If I am going to pay serious cash for a DVD boxed set, I want a DVD quality picture. I have seen a restored portion of this series and it is great. I wouldn't buy a bunch of DVDs where the picture is worse than a VHS tape.
1,I bought this movie from Walmart, because I was looking for something different. I got it too. Except it sucked so bad I couldn't believe my eyes. Really. The acting sucks, the story sucked, and even the moments intended to make you squirm or cheer were incredible cheesy.		I've watched this movie one time since I've gotten it, and haven't viewed it since. If that lets you know how it is.		like every other reviewer has said avoid this movie, and do not be another casualty when it comes to watching it.
1,No subtitles
1,It is an Australian made video, so it gives the coverage from their submarine angle.  Not what I expected, but it is still Okay.
1,I bought this film based on other reviews and the fact that it featured one of my favorite actors: Chad Allen.  While he did a good job, I can only imagine how it felt for him to be stuck in such a "less than stellar" role.  May I suggest that you will really enjoy any of the other films he appears in.  The "Donald Strachey" detective mysteries, (any of the four), or even "SAVE ME".  These allow him to command the screen with a presence that is not unlike a young James Gagney! As for this film, I'm glad that I saw it, but do not need to repeat the experience!
1,This was not a very exciting movie sorry to say.  I wish I could get my time and money back.  :-/
1,Wanted to like this flick so badly, but alas it was just plain crummy!
1,Can't really see a message. There is no real conviction and goals set up for this character. Waist of money seriously....
1,I'm not a WWII expert, but I have done more reading on the subject that most folks.  With that being said, this could have been a good movie but in the end is way too superficial.  The acting is decent, but the story, the writing;  where in the world was it?  It's one of those subjects which probably can't be done via one film;  perhaps a HBO miniseries but not one film.  And thus, when trying to tackle a complex subject within one film, it's just going to end up too superficial and thus one may be wondering at the end of the film, "is that all???"
1,Not well done.  Subject matter seemed like it would be interesting.  it was not
1,Idiotic film from where we viewed it. After being spoiled by talented films, this level of production just seems outdated and silly. Most foreign films are truly exceptional, but this one is not. 2 Stars.
1,Well, I would love to get this, but for what? pamphlets, pictures, special effects special features? Hell NO! No extended versions of movie 3-8, no real extras, just a package with the latest movies in a bigger box.  Even with the extended versions, i couldn't buy it! its too damn expensive. So I guess I'll buy the normal blue rays and be done with it.  A pretty box is not enough.  The only series I'm buying for the box is The Walking Dead Season 2 and believe me the Box is worth it, way better than this and only costed me $70.  This doesn't even come close to the Lord of the Ring Extended Edition Boxed set, which where 50 each, but with TONS of stuff to watch, more hours to enjoy.  SO WB do a better, more decent boxed set and maybe  fans will give you their HARD EARNED MONEY, but that expensive in this economy? WHAT WHERE YOU THINKING?!And to stress my point, there are examples of what Boxed Sets should be like.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Lord-of-the-Rings-The-Motion-Picture-Trilogy-Special-Extended-Edition/dp/B000654ZK0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Lord of the Rings: The Motion Picture Trilogy (Special Extended Edition)</a>&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Walking-Dead-The-Complete-Second-Season-Limited-Edition-Blu-ray/dp/B007MS5B6Q/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Walking Dead: The Complete Second Season (Limited Edition) [Blu-ray</a>]
1,Not enough plot development... you don't get to enjoy seeing the girl's capabilities... ends too early...
1,It started off boring
1,LOST HORIZON opened in early 1973, and most engagements were of the heavily edited version resulting from cuts the version that premiered to silence, and worse, guffaws. It's a terrible movie, no question, that I've seen about a dozen times over the past 40 years. The Laserdisc version had some of the cut material reinstated. It didn't make any difference whatsover to the quality of the film. And now, this DVD of what can be assumed to be the original cut. Beautifully imaged, by the way, by Columbia Home Video. This is the most complete cut I've seen certainly, and, again, the new material doesn't help the film at all. It just makes an already oddly slow-moving musical even longer. With restored musical numbers assuring us that, yes, the film IS spectacularly embarrassing. LOST HORIZON was to be a 70mm blow-up/stereo event film opening on a platform release basis.  Lots of publicity before the first openings, even a souvenir program book for sale in the lobby (along with the soundtrack album). The film was not a roadshow, although it has been called that, erroneously. No reserved seats or intermission. But a big-deal movie is not what happened. A big bomb of a movie, yes.		So now we have the whole thing, "Fertility Dance" and all. And by the way, the "Fertility Dance" (with a pregnant Oliva Hussey being tossed about by badly-wigged chorus boys) is way beyond embarrassing. One of the reasons that the movie musical was quickly dying was this film; blame must be cast. It ruined producer Ross Hunter in Hollywood, it ended choreographer Hermes Pan's illustrious career, the composing team of Burt Bachrach-Hal David had broken up before the release, no one benefited from being associated with this disaster.		As a record of a terrible time for the movie musical, LOST HORIZON more than qualifies. The DVD is a well put-together package, sound (after exchanging disc for full stereo version) is terrific. Those dreadful songs can be heard in amazing detail. Thank you, Columbia Classics, for making my DVD collection of terrible movie musicals more complete!
1,The movie trailer was the best part. The movie was stupid and I am sorry i wasted the money to watch it.
1,This is the type of movie I hate to review.  It is a love it or hate it film.  Myself, I just didn't care for it.  I don't mind musicals, but this was so dragged out that at the one hour mark I felt like it had been on for two.  Of course they were telling five stories at once, Little Red Riding Hood, Cinderella, Rapunzel, Jack and the Beanstalk and the baker and his wife.  I guess I am one of the few that is not in awe of Meryl Streep, but I have to admit she was absolutely great in this film.  The two best roles were her as the Witch and Emily Blunt as the Baker's wife.  This is a dark film, but the Brothers Grimm told dark tales with mostly happing endings.  This was like here's the dark side and then we'll crush the happing endings and make it even darker.  Put in a little pass the buck, find someone to blame, philandering husband, cheating wife, kill off a spouse, dump a kid, feel guilty about killing someone who killed most of the people in the kingdom and wants to kill you and of course Johnny Depp's really creepy scene in the movie.  Whether you want to watch this film depends on your personal interests.  It is a dark adult fairytale and it is a musical, I mean a musical, not with musical numbers, but mostly musical so be prepared for that.  If you like this type of movie, you will really enjoy the film.  If you do not you might pass on this. -- Just know what to expect and you won't have anyone to blame if you make the wrong choice.
1,This might have been the worst movie I have ever seen! There is no point to it at all. Who knows what it is suppose to be about other than an unknown planet. It has dome big name actors and for the life of me I cannot see why they would read it and sign on. Again.....don't waste your time!
1,It was entertaining but you can't redo a classic, it followed the original too much, and I found myself comparing and waiting for the next line instead of just enjoying it. The cast was chosen well and they all did a great job.
1,The acting in this old movie as well as the story were pitifully awful. Not worth your time at all.
1,Ok... I bought this movie in about 1992 or so expecting a		cool horror slasher film. With a title like CHOPPING MALL		that is what I would expect. What did I get? A movie with		robots shooting people with lazers. Where is all this		"Chopping" at? Maybe it seems alittle shallow, but the		title of this movie just doesn't fit with what actually		happens in the movie. The plot is actually somewhat new		in that we usally don't see store robots just go crazy		and start killing people with lazers. But it simply isn't		what I expected.
1,***Warning: Spoilers Ahead***		I've always loved the novel and the 1979 miniseries. When I heard they were doing a remake in 2004, I couldn't wait! Then I found out Rob Lowe was starring. Eeeh, he was in "The Stand" a decade earlier and that managed not to suck. So I gave him the benefit of the doubt and tuned in. And in all fairness to Rob Lowe he can hardly be blamed for how awful it turned out.		Now I can understand changing around elements for "dramatic purposes" and "updating" and "adapting for television". Let's not forget the novel was written and published in the 1970's when there were no cellphones, laptop computers or Internet. It seems the fellow who adapted the novel, Peter Filardi, and went hog-wild with it. The end result is that the only the movie characters have in common with their book counterparts are the names. Ben Mears was once held captive by the Taliban? Matt Burke is gay? Susan Norton is a waitress? Did Filardi even read the novel? Then there is the problem of the very minor characters getting way, way, waaayyyy more screen time than they deserve, as in they shouldn't have been in the movie at all. Sandy McDougall, Dud Rogers, Charlie Rhodes and Ruthie Crockett are all very minor throw-away characters who don't deserve a place in the movie. Ruthie didn't even have any dialogue in the book for crying out loud!!! What is so special about these characters that they managed to get on screen and take away precious time from the real characters? This is reason why Barlow is reduced to a cameo, because Peter Filardi felt the inexplicable need to cram in as many characters as possible.		My biggest complaint is the way they handled the scene where a vampire Mike Ryerson comes back to Matt Burke's house. Instead of being a terrifying encounter with the undead it winds up a truly bizarre homo-erotic/necrophiliac encounter so completely drained of any suspense that left me scratching my head and wondering 'what the hell was that about'? Hey people, if it ain't broke don't fix it! If you had $25 million to spend on this movie why didn't you hire a writer who could actually write a suspenseful scene!! Stephen King should sue! Excuse me, I'm going to watch the 1979 version and try to put this slop out of my memory for good.
1,and I'm a fan of Jeff Bridges.  His acting seems so fake and he's hard to understand because he's trying to make his voice sound like Gandalf in Lord of the Rings. Very phony acting for such a well-known actor.
1,I'd seen this DVD advertised lately, coinciding the period that the movie "The Dark Knight" hit theaters (which I have already seen, and is an amazing film).	Being a fan of Batman, I was excited to rent this. The advertisements stated some of the writers of "The Dark Knight" were involved in this, and upon looking the cast over at my local Blockbuster, my excitement grew when I saw that Bruce Timm (one of the Executive Producers of the Batman: The Animated Series cartoon) was involved, and Batman himself was being voiced by Kevin Conroy (the voice of Batman in said series).	Now, I have a lot of respect for Batman: The Animated Series. It was often done really well, even for a 30 minute cartoon. It could be a little grown up, but without being too harsh for kids to watch. And personally, Kevin Conroy voicing Bruce Wayne/Batman is one of my favorite incarnations of the character, along with Christian Bale as the current big screen Batman. I'll even go as far as to say the writers of said series should have been the ones to write the 90's era Batman movies.	And now we come to Batman: Gotham Knight. This DVD was a big letdown. It indeed is six Batman stories. "Interlocking" is not a word I'd use to describe them though (as the ads promoted "Six interlocking stories"). More like, casually related to. If at all. For instance, one story involves Batman fighting off some gangs, one of which is a Russian gang. In another, Batman stops a gang fight (one of the gangs being Russian), and establishes for them which one stays on what turf, since he doesn't have the evidence to put away either of them yet. That's about as far as the stories are related.	They're short (about 12 to 15 my guess), and thus there isn't much time to cover a lot of ground. Some stories might have been worthwhile if they had been given enough time develop, and had more story to add.	Bruce Timm and Alan Burnett (also from the Animated Series) may have been involved, but this is certainly not their best work.	And while I really like Kevin Conroy as Batman in said series, his voice doesn't fit in here. Basically, Bruce Wayne is supposed to be younger here, and the animation reflects that. Conroy's voice simply doesn't sound right coming from this cartoon. It just doesn't fit. He's a lot better as a middle aged or older Batman.	Another thing to note: it appears that this was meant to be a series of in between stories after Batman Begins, but before The Dark Knight. Hmmm....	Just like different writers were given the task of writing the episodes, it appears that different animators were given the task of animating them. The art varies, sometimes it's good, sometimes it's just plain awful (I'm thinking specifically of the first story, where characters are drawn somewhat plumpy looking, with slender limbs).	Well, what else can I say? This just doesn't have a very well done feel to it. More like Warner Brothers said "Hey, we've got this new Batman movie hitting theaters in the summer, make us a bunch of crappy cartoons so we can sell them direct to video and make some more money".	Maybe "crappy" is a bit of a strong word. But that's my opinion. A couple of these stories, if fleshed out better and given more time, could have been decent (maybe even great?), but it all falls flat.	I would have preferred that they instead come out with another direct to DVD movie based on the Animated Series, and given us one whole movie, with Bruce Timm and co. making it, and given some free reign over it. Or maybe even a stand alone story set in it's own continuity. Or even the Batman Begins continuity. But these shorts just don't cut it. I'm sorry.	Personally, I'm glad I rented this and didn't all out buy it. I simply cannot recommend this one, not to casual or hardcore fans, unless you are completely obsessed with Batman and must own every single movie, cartoon, ect..	But for me, the most entertaining this on this DVD was watching the ads for The Dark Knight (which I already saw. Sad that the ads for a movie I already saw are more interesting than the actual movie from the disc they're from), and a sneak peek at a new Wonder Women movie coming out next year.
1,It's not often that I can a movie worthless, but this one was. The acting was sub-par, the writing was even worse. There were a few funny moments, and the plot could have been a fun movie, but the poor animation, poor makeup, and poor directing just couldn't be overcome.
1,When I first heard that these two Sirs were starring in a television comedy together I was ecstatic.  I knew they were both adept at comedy as I had seen Sir Derek in an episode of "Frasier" playing Jackson Hedley, the worst Shakespearean actor imaginable, and Sir Ian on "Extras" detailing how he is "not really a wizard".	  Regrettably the writing is juvenile, sophomoric, foolish, witless.  I hope I am not being coy here.  It smacks of grade school sniping of the following caliber of humor - "What don't you like about me?"  "Your face for starters".  The British accents do not make up for the lack of humor here.  The episode in which Ash brings his girlfriend to see the two stars was especially egregious.  Comedy should be more than watching two elderly gentlemen behaving like grade school twits; it should be more than trading silly insults; it should be more than shameless mugging.  It is as though the writers overdosed on such fare as "Three's Company," "Bewitched," and "Laverne and Shirley" and decided to regurgitate it (that is, vomit it back up).  I hazard to guess that if these two fine actors were replaced by any two American actors the show would be seen for what it is - a parade of not-so-funny insults.  The humor here makes Neil Simon look like Chekov.	  I feel very badly for Sir Ian and Sir Derek (and the usually marvelous Francis La Tour) that they have to utter such vapid lines - I only hope that they are being well-compensated.  You know in "Hamlet" when the Danish prince confronts Gertrude and says "What judgment would make you fly from this to this?" (from Hamlet to Claudius)  I would ask the two stars what made them go from "King Lear," "Waiting for Godot," and "No Man's Land" to this???
1,No real plot movement
1,Don't get it
1,Bad c movie
1,Slow.
1,Surprising and unexpected nudity that ads nothing to the story. We were very disappointed- the historical value of the story could have been great. Needs a "G" rated version!
1,I will be reviewing this film on a few different levels. First review is side by side with the old school cannibal films. (Yes, there was more then just Cannibal Holocaust). Pretty much all the old school cannibal films were exploitation films and over the top in many different areas of insane. This film is really tame in all of those areas. And actually there is really only 1 violent scene in the entire film. 1 scene of nudity, kinda. And thats it. Which is confusing since Roth is known for Gore and Exploitation films *Ex. Hostel. And he has claimed to be a really big fan of the old cannibal films.....so what went wrong?!		Im going to be hard on this film review because I actually like Roths Cabin fever and Hostel films. I had high expectations for his new take on the old cannibal films. Next review level is on a Roth film. Which again fails, the guy can make good films so what happened with this? Maybe he was over his head in a bigger scale film? The whole movie is a big joke. Takes 45 minutes for ANYTHING TO HAPPEN! Then when it gets going, poor writting and Troma jokes (Where Roth got his start) Take over and ruin the horror.		Last Level review is just on an entertaining film putting aside the old cannibal films and Roth older films. And in that case, it again fails. Terrible acting (And I mean, really really bad....kinda like they maybe did the film for free acting), weak violence, 0 terror, no rewatch value, just a really lame film all together.		In closing, I respect Roth as a film maker and going into the jungle to work with real cannibals. I respect he didn't kill animals real or fake for the sake of making the movie stand out in the news. The only part I enjoyed in the movie was when the lead got painted up all white, that was on target and reminded me of some of the older films. I waited like 4 years or so to view this film and it was a waste of time. Based on the 3 levels I reviewed this film I cant recommend this to anyone....Watch Jess Franco's CANNIBALS instead. Atleast that way you will have fun.
1,There's almost nothing witty or romantic about this film that tries so desperately to be both it makes you sweat watching it.  Yelchin has no sex appeal whatsoever, and his becoming the lover of a beautiful older French woman is as implausible as his being a writer who claims to have 100s of rejections--but you only see dozens on his walls (which somehow are soft enough for thumb tacks).  Glenn Close and Frank Langella are wasted in minor roles which are borderline anti-Semitic, and the whole thing feels like a fairy tale, predictable and thin.  The lead actress doesn't have much to work with because the script is so weak and the movie so vapid it feels as if it's a remake of a French original.....
1,Fell asleep, not like the first
1,Watching it now, and it is rather lame, frankly.  Very obvious, very smarmy, very amateur.  It's not the worst ever, so it gets a 2.  But I would not watch it again, nor would I recommend it.		I don't like smoking, I'd be happy if it was banned as a nuisance to others.		That said, this movie is really, really full of itself.  And, sadly, it's more about hatred of the USA than it is about smoking evils.  It's just another typical Hollywood bait and switch, telling you it will be about one thing when it's really a socialist film using tabaco as the vehicle.  Maybe young Rietman has a skewed view of the world and the USA, growing up in the excesses of Hollywood, and is consumed with liberal guilt, convinced the USA is a bad, racist country (moreso than other countries, at least) and the cause of all the world's problems.  And I'm sure he thinks he's being smart and clever with this film (as did the author of the book).  But he's really just promoting the liberal agenda as usual with the same old line.  And one new line: home ownership is the root of all evil.  Who knew?		2 stars...
1,Too much violence
1,Ugh, Gross.
1,Once again Disney refused to put out the 3D version on Blu-ray.	They didn't do it for Bolt either.	Blu-rays aren't cheap and I will not buy a DVD that doesn't utilize the 3D version as presented in the theatres. It looks like G-Force will suffer the same fate.	No Blu-ray DVD in 3D, no sale!
1,I've seen both the movie version in the theater and the Broadway show.  Do yourself a favor and see the Broadway show (see it, feel it, breath it), and do not waste your time with the movie.  It's probably one of those instances where someone grew up with the Spiderman comics, then sees the movie as crap.  Same here I suppose.  I saw the Broadway show, then the movie was just a flop for me.  Yes, there's decent acting, but the movie just made me feel empty when I left.  I would compare the feelings of the difference between seeing a band in concert, then going home and listening to them on a studio cut CD.  My opinion of this movie would probably be 4 stars had I not had the Broadway show to compare.
1,Characters are too flawed to have faith in.
1,wife's movies
1,It tries to be more than it is. I wanted to like it more but it just didn't get me there.
1,didnt watch it as i dislike movie that r made by hand held video people wish i could get my money bac
1,Just weird and of the wall, most of movies that have these characters in them are just that way.  Too many twists and turns to keep up with.
1,Tarzan & Jane is one hour and fifteen minutes long and was released direct to video on July 23, 2002. This is the follow-up movie to Tarzan and a rather poor follow-up. Basically the movie is a cut and paste job. The movie deals with Jane trying to figure out what to give Tarzan to celebrate their one year anniversary of marriage together. She talks with Terkina and Tantor, later on her father joins in on the discussion, and they all recall flashbacks on how things went wrong. The flashbacks are episodes taken from the television show The Legend of Tarzan. The three episodes are:  "Tarzan and the British Invasion", "Tarzan and the Volcanic Diamond Mine" and "Tarzan and the Flying Ace". In the end Tarzan turns the tables on Jane by giving her a diamond wedding ring, a surprise party, and wearing his father's suit. The story is just a bunch of flashbacks with no real story line to it. Even the original actors did not return to do the sequel. Tarzan & Jane gets a D as in dud.
1,I was hoping for some fun zombie stuff, but this was just beyond stupid. It was campy, but not humorous in any way.	Very disappointed by the good reviews....talked me into a bad movie!		Do not rent if you want anything scary or creepy!
1,I can honestly say this ranks with JarJar.
1,2 stars might be generous, but it was not all bad. First off, it is not fully animated but more in the style of a motion comic. The story is fine, but nothing amazing. If you are a fan of Gail Simone you might enjoy it more, but it just did not cut it for me. The dialogue is all over the place and, at times, is just really poor. Some decent battles can not save it.	It is a shame because it could have been really good. Skip it, unless you are a fan of Gail Simone or you get it for free.
1,Why? Why do another Spider-man origin movie after it was done definitively by Sam Raimi and starring Toby Maguire in 2002? I had problems with the first Spider-man movie too, I found the Green Goblin to be very annoying for instance, but the origin story in Spiderman 1 with Toby Maguire was perfection! Sam Raimi's addition of biological based web spinners was an inspiration to the to the Spidey canon, so WHY go backwards and give the web-slinger mechanically based webs? How could a high school kid like Peter Parker afford super high tech web spinners, not to mention the refills! Why change the origin story from a nuclear irradiated spider that bites Peter Parker to a regular spider that may or may not have been genetically altered? Why make Peter Parker a jerk who, as soon as he acquires his powers becomes a bully who now bullies his former bully Flash, and then steals Flash's girlfriend. Don't worry, for some inexplicable reason, Flash forgives by the end of the movie.. Andrew Garfield isn't awful, Sally Field and Martin Sheen, all try their best with a terrible script. For instance, when Peter comes home late after being bitten by the spider, he's sweaty, sick looking and literally raids the fridge while his seemingly unconcerned Uncle Ben and Aunt May make jokes about her awful meatloaf... HELLO? Your nephew Peter looks like he's on DRUGS and you two are too oblivious to see it? The problem is the illogical script, but it's also bad direction, not to mention continuity errors. I'm not going to pile on, I didn't hate this movie, I just didn't like it... Go rent Spiderman 2, which is my all-time favorite Spider-man movie to date.
1,Found it boring..... I wanted something enlightened, humourous this was not the movie. Watching people masturbate, adult and adolescent, wife swapping, anorexia, trying to fit in and being liked, controlling, self righteous, and suicidal this is your feel good movie. I saw that when I wasn't dozing off, who knows what I missed.
1,I am a long time Amazon Prime fan and have loved Prime Instant watch. And I'm only complaining about this here because I can't find another forum for it. My family and I have spent the Christmas holidays re-watching the Lost series, in part because some family members haven't seen all of them and in part because we thought it would be fun. Too, we're snowed in here and one can only read so much or clean so many closets before one needs something else to think about. We've just reached season 5 and have been having a grand time getting to the end of an episode and looking at one another, asking, "Well? Should we go on? Or tolerate the tension until tomorrow?"		However, this morning, when we sat down to watch a couple of more episodes from season 5, we discovered that you'd pulled the plug on it. Now in order to watch the series, we have to pay for every single episode? I double checked--going back a few to the seasons we've already seen and, indeed, you've taken the entire series off Prime and now customers have to pay for it by the episode.		Are you kidding me? I can only assume that we're not the only customers who've taken the time to renew our acquaintance with the series this winter and that some Einstein up there thought you'd make more money by charging by the episode.		.I am massively disappointed in you. You guys are better than this.		For what it's worth, I have a Netflix membership and often question whether it's worth it to have both of you. I've been considering dropping Netflix because there's such an overlap. Netflix has Lost too and guess what--I don't have to pay for it by the episode. See where I'm going with this?
1,The versions of deMille's silent films that appear on this product are those preserved and prepared for video by Film Preservation Associates and they are used here WITHOUT permission or blessing of Film Preservation Associates.  Please don't reward those who steal the work of others.
1,Along with other commenters, I'm afraid that the best I can say about this movie is that it was nice to see some male nudity, brief though it was.  The acting was pretty atrocious, wooden, hollow and essentially just plain lacking across the board.  Even Joe Swanberg, who usually turns in a fairly convincing performance was off in this one.  When I first read about this movie, I thought the story sounded interesting and worth a look see, but it wasn't and the ending was just plain nonsensical.  If you want to see the actors' full frontal shots, just google them and pass on this movie.
1,Although I enjoyed watching the series I was sadly disappointed at the last episode.  In fact I did not realize it was the last and it left me hanging. I may have to watch it again or go back to my book to see just how it ends.
1,First off I want to say I am a senior citizen but in good physical shape. I bought this DVD because I wanted to introduce weights to my routines.  When you buy something that says beginner I think of step by step SLOW instructions and at weight you can handle.  This DVD may work fine for someone in their 20's to 50's but is not for someone older unless you've done weights before. This of course is my opinion. It moves very fast. Needless to say I will be looking for something else.
1,Ehhhh
1,I must have missed something.  This is a very dreary, low-budget, movie set in a squalid slum.  I quickly grew weary of the filth and pointless dialogue.  There was no relief - comic or otherwise.  Most of the action involved people eating, sitting around, or walking aimlessly this way, then that way, down the same muddy causeway.
1,I happened to be at a party where the host thought his guests might  enjoy this version of the  masterpiece by Tennessee Williams.		It was a great party. Good food, good liquor, good company. The host apologized for providing this as one of many other areas of entertainment any of which were great. It is an insider joke among the group attending that we are all thankful that none of us had to pay for this movie which is an example of an old, weary pervert who must be delusional thinking he could produce a remake of such an American classic		The only "guest" who stayed in the viewing room (the reason the host kept the DVD running) was an uninvited guy who tagged along with an embarrassed friend. When he emerged and was asked what he thought of he movie he laughed saying he had fallen asleep and did not even recall what he had been gazing at.		I watched about half before I fled for the bar.
1,My disk did not play so I returned them. Has anyone else gotten any that worked?
1,This is an film of 5 shorts, most are boring with attempts at the expected twist. One concerns a haunted house and phone call. There is a man talking to a psychologist. A lost deaf girl. The best graphic one had subtitles and a confusing Christmas tale. And the last one was black and white gay snuff porn.		It was an attempt at being clever, although I felt it fell short.		Guide: F-word, rape, nudity
1,sorry the cover does not match the movies erotic passion it's a very weak movie not enough raw sex to make you say like wow that was  a good movie the movie would have been more hotter if it showed her receiving pleasure  in a rawer form close up shots more female nude scenes through out the movie
1,It is a tragedy that kids today know more about "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" than Robin Hood. I am of the opinion that kids need to get back to these classic heroes. But not by watching this lousy movie. Go get the Howard Pyle or Roger Lancelyn Green retelling of the story. Or better still, read the original songs and poetry about the Merry Men of Sherwood. Or read some "Green Arrow" comics. Anything is better than this tired movie. I fell asleep several times rewatching this movie recently - and believe me, I really TRIED to like it - having been in a "Robin Hood" fever and all.	Mix in Kevin Costner's half-hearted, tired performance and American accent with Morgan Freeman's unnecessary Muslim advisor to the Merry Men(?!?) and Alan Rickman's cynical portrayal of the Sheriff and you get a movie that you wish was never made in the first place. And did I mention that Bryan Adams' themesong? On second thought, I'd better not...
1,The movie was totally ridiculous. The sex didn't bother me at all, it was those characters. So immature. What they needed more than sex was a good scrubbing.
1,O ok
1,My kids were watching this last night when I happened to look up and see a voluptuous woman in a bikini bottom and "pasties" (thank you, Sassygal) in lieu of a top. What kind of pervert includes this in an animated kids movie?
1,The movie seems designed to push Smith's son on the public.  Hopefully this crass and greedy ploy will backfire and teach Will Smith a little humility.		Boycott it is my advice.
1,I was looking forward to this movie.  It sounded pretty good.  But for an action comedy, there is little action and most of the comedy just falls flat.  Will Farrell was just not funny in this one.  Mark Wahlberg is actually kinda funny in this.  Don't waste your time or money on this one.
1,Very bad!
1,I was disappointed with the audio.
1,We X-files addicts have been waiting for years for this long talked about film version of the legendary TV series that still plays around the world everyday. And so what did we get?		A movie so god-awful boring, colorless, badly acted and terribly scripted that it would never even be shown on the Sci-Fi Channel's roster of hideously cheesy films.  although one has to admit the Sci-Fi Channel movies at least move and try to generate some excitement.		We're treated to minute after boring, long minute of watching Scully try to save the life of a terminally ill child. Does this kid have anything to do with the so-called plot? It doesn't. Yet, we have to watch and listen to Scully argue and weep and moan about how she is determined to save the boy's life. and most of us were thinking optimistically that hey, here's the eerie part: perhaps the kid's an alien child. But no such luck.		And then we have Mulder whose voice is so incredibly monotonous (yes, even more than on the TV series)that he resembles a robot uttering his words. The most hysterical scene involving Mulder is when he just happens to discover a place where body parts are being used. He jumps into the mids of villians, waving a steel wrench, and shouts: "Stop it!" Of course these shadowy evil people have no intention of stopping what they're doing and jump all over him. And there are the endless car crashes which come along about every l5 minutes.		Just when I thought M. Night Shyamlan had made the worst sci-fi movie ever, THE HAPPENING, along comes this turgid abomination, hideously photographed and hideously empty of any suspense or eerie or creepy people, which forces me to say that this movie can sit right along with THE HAPPENING as the worst sci-fi movies ever made.		There's no excitement, no juicy fiends or aliens or anything psychic about this film.  It's just endless talk, talk, talk, as Scully and Mulder stop everything to argue and explain their actions to each other.		One can almost imagine X-files creator, Chris Carter, having a power lunch with M. Night and both laughing hysterically as to how they really fooled the movie goers into thinking they were in for a thrill ride. This lousy, dull, horrendous one-hour long collection of junk would never have made its way even as a one-hour TV episode. This movie has successfully destroyed any chances of any further movie versions of one of the most beloved TV series to ever air.
1,The movie is based on various ideas appropriated (without acknowledgment) from Philip Dick's novels.  This much it shares with recent Inception, but is less coherent.  The movie is really not that bad, but it could use higher budget and better acting.
1,A slow moving movie. Way too long and could have been condensed to make it more interesting. If you have 4 hours and keep up the interest then watch it.
1,poor and stupid
1,Trite
1,It was really corny
1,Hard to follow: it bounces back and forth from 3 different time periods and you have to figure out which one it is.		The story sort-of has potential, but it was so poorly executed and a horrible non-ending ending (if that makes sense).
1,A group of religious psychos launch their end of the world campaign by gutting the rest of us sinners with crucifixes that double as sacrificial knives. The first wave of this attack is carried out in a subway system in the middle of the night.		The Good: There's a good idea lost somewhere in this mess. Religious kooks have been spooky in the past. Just look at Carrie's mom in Carrie. Or Bill Paxton's "Pastor of Disaster" in the mucho disturbing, and much more thought provoking, (if not light-years better) Frailty. If handled well it can add a layer of varnish to the old soul of the horror movie enthusiast. If handled poorly, it just makes you groan a lot... Much like it did here. There is however one pretty good jump scare that leads the film off. I hesitate to bring it up here, because though it worked on me, nothing much worked after that early entry point into this flick.		The Bad: ... Where do I start?		End of the Line pretty much feels like a late 80's Tales from the Crypt episode, but strained through the simple medium of the Canadian film machine.		Writer/Director/ Maurice Devereaux must have dragged the acting pool of the local Montreal YMCA. These aren't actors so much as they half-resemble what one might and could look like. Their performances suffer right at pace with the miserable screenplay they must all read their lines from. A screenplay that has the  ability to turn 90 minutes into what seems like 9,000...		The big shocking reveal in the film's climax is completely spoiled by the box art of the DVD cover.  But take heart film fans, you know how the movie ends now, there's no reason to see  it .
1,never got going.  I watched about a half hour and kept looking at the clock.
1,Poor acting, plot was decent but it was directed horribly!
1,Violent, obsecene
1,I don't understand why you keep selling these sets when people complain about big problems with the disks and packaging.  You just lower the price on junk instead of replacing it with a quality product.  It is as if you hope no one will check out their disks in 30 days and not be able to send them back.  When you have a considerable number faulty disks, it it time to create better contracts with your providers/producers so they eat any faulty and returned disks.  I went through the same thing last year when someone bought be the piece of junk pink Sex and the City set and then had problems and found everyone had problems.  Yet you just kept selling it!  Stop selling junk.  A DVD you can not watch is not worth half price!  People want good, quality DVDs to watch one of the highest quality dramas ever on TV. Shame on you Amazon.
1,Awful compared to the others.  Don't recommend
1,Horrible
1,Not my kind of movie
1,Terrible movie but do you know anything about the film? Perhaps a short review of the background may be helpful. Italian films that have been dubbed in American English are unable to convey the real emotions in the storyline . . . very noticeable in older films.		This was actually released in 1968 and directed by Alfonso Brescia. It isn't an American film and the audio is dubbed. Considering both the storyline and the timeline, it becomes a more interesting film. Films of this genre are usually difficult to find, are in another language or have subtitles. Knowing this information beforehand gives one a better perspective. If you enjoy the vintage WWII movies, it becomes an interesting commentary on European films and producers. The quality of the footage is grainy and slightly blurred and the audio is dated. Recommended for those interested in this genre and for those who are interested in learning. Read the reviews . . . it is simply a matter of preference.
1,I recently ordered a Retromedia title from Amazon.com called "Scared To Death" and was greatly disappointed.	  There are a number of movie companies that do not understand the purpose of widescreen. The purpose of widescreen is to show MORE of the movie as it was originally presented in it's correct aspect ratio - as opposed to fullscreen which cuts off the sides of the picture to make it fit a fullscreen TV set. Unfortunately, I've come across too many distributers, such as Retromedia, that get a print of the film, format it to fullscreen for reasons unknown, then put black bars across the top and bottom to make it LOOK LIKE widescreen. WHY? Not only are the sides cut off the film for fullscreen, but also the top and bottom are cut off for false widescreen. WHY? Movies like this one are ruined, and are preserved in their ruined state probably forever on a DVD. WHY? Plus, I have just wasted my money because you have fooled me. It's such a sad shame on many levels.	 I can't imagine what the faulty reasoning behind such tactics could be. It just doesn't make any logical sense.	 WHY?
1,not what I expected.
1,The Hollywood message of this movie is that white, rich people are really actually murderous racists.  I mean, really, why else would they use a black man as the main victim in the movie instead of another white person, particularly in a white neighborhood.  There's a clear message here, but most people will blindly miss it.  The truth about crime in this country is far different.  For those open minded enough to learn the truth, read on.  Truth is not racism...it is merely the truth.  And note that the government classifies Hispanics as a separate race (white, black, hispanic, asian, american indian)in nearly all their statistics except crime.  For crime data, they recently have eliminated the race category for hispanics, and instead add hispanic crime data to the rates of whites (white, black, asian, american indian). Now, why would they do that?		http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Race_and_crime_in_the_United_States		Comparison of UCR and NCVS data[edit]	According to the NCVS for 1992-2000, 43% of violent criminal acts, and 53% of serious violent crime (not verbal threats, or cuts and bruises) were reported to the police. Overall, black (49%) and American Indian (48%) victims reported most often, higher than whites (42%) and Asians (40%). Serious violent crime and aggravated assault against blacks (58% and 61%) and Indians (55% and 59%) was reported more often than against whites (51% and 54%) or Asians (50% and 51%). American Indians were unusually unlikely to report a robbery (45%), as with Asians and a simple assault (31%).[14]		Despite the differences in the amount of crime reported, comparisons of the UCR and NCVS data sets show there to be a high degree of correspondence between the two systems.[15] This correspondence extends to the racial demography of both perpetrators and victims of violent crime reported in both systems.[16]		Classification of Hispanics[edit]	The UCR classifies most Hispanics into the "white" category. The NCVS classifies some Hispanic criminals as "white" and some as "other race". The victim categories for the NCVS are more distinct.		Crime rate statistics[edit]	Unbalanced scales.svg	The neutrality of this section is disputed. Relevant discussion may be found on the talk page. Please do not remove this message until the dispute is resolved. (September 2014)	Further information: Crime statistics	Prison data[edit]	Further information: Incarceration in the United States and Statistics of incarcerated African-American males	According to the BJS non-Hispanic blacks accounted for 39.4% of the prison and jail population in 2009, with whites 34.2%, and Hispanics 20.6%. The incarceration rate of black males was over 6 times higher than that of white males, with a rate of 4,749 per 100,000 US residents.[17][18][19]		Hispanics constituted 16.3% of the US population according to the 2010 US census.[20][21] According to the Bureau of Justice Statistics the black incarceration rate in state and federal prisons declined to 3,161 per 100,000 and the white incarceration rate slightly increased to 487 per 100,000.[22] In 2009 American Indians and Alaskan Natives were jailed, paroled, or on probation at 932 per 100,000, 25% higher than for non-Indians/Natives (747), up 5.6% that year and 12% higher than 2007.[23] However, crime in general declined during this time down to near 1970 levels, an 18% decrease from the previous decade.[24]		A 2012 University of Michigan Law School study found that African Americans are given longer federal sentences even when factoring prior criminal records, and that African American jail sentences tend to be roughly 10% longer than white jail sentences for the same crimes.[25]		According to the US Census Bureau as of the year 2000 there were 2,224,181 blacks enrolled in college.[26] In that same year there were only 610,300 black inmates in prison according to the Bureau of Justice.[27] 12.5 percent have a bachelor's degree.[citation needed] The results are highly dependent on education. 30 percent of those without college education and nearly 60 percent of high school dropouts had prison records.[28]		Crime trends[edit]	Some studies had argued for smaller racial disparities in violent crime in recent times. However, a 2011 study which examined the racial disparities in violent crime and incarceration from 1980 and 2008 found little difference for black share of violent offending. Racial imbalances between arrest rates and sentencing have caused some to question the disparities. The authors argued that the prior studies had been confounded by not separating Hispanics from Whites. The number of Hispanic offenders has been increasing rapidly and have violence rates higher than that of Whites but lower than that of Blacks.[29] Another recent study in 2012 raises a different concern, showing that Hispanics and blacks receive considerably longer sentences for the same or lesser offenses on average than white offenders with equal or greater criminal records.[30][31]		Homicide[edit]	According to the US Department of Justice, blacks accounted for 52.5% of homicide offenders from 1980 to 2008, with whites 45.3% and Native Americans and Asians 2.2%. The offending rate for blacks was almost 8 times higher than whites, and the victim rate 6 times higher. Most murders were intraracial, with 84% of white homicide victims murdered by whites, and 93% of black victims murdered by blacks.[32][33]		Youth crime[edit]	The "National Youth Gang Survey Analysis" (2011) state that of gang members, 46% are Hispanic/Latino, 35% are African-American/black, 11.5% are white, and 7% are other race/ethnicity.[34]		According to the FBI Uniform Crime Reports, in the year 2008 black youths, who make up 16% of the youth population, accounted for 52% of juvenile violent crime arrests, including 58.5% of youth arrests for homicide and 67% for robbery. Black youths were overrepresented in all offense categories except DUI, liquor laws and drunkenness.[35]		Hispanics[edit]	According to a 2009 report by the Pew Hispanic Center, in 2007 Latinos "accounted for 40% of all sentenced federal offenders-more than triple their share (13%) of the total U.S. adult population". This was an increase from 24% in 1991. 72% of the Latino offenders were not U.S. citizens. For Hispanic offenders sentenced in federal courts, 48% were immigration offenses and 37% drug offenses. One reason for the large increase in immigration offenses is that they exclusively fall under federal jurisdiction.[36]
1,my son and I rented on a lark.  couldn't imagine how bad this could be.  they just whipped up a terribly corny and silly back story about the 3600 green lantern guardians (i guess they beat out the blue lamp shades) of the universe.  worst of all we had to wait half the movie for the lantern to actually appear as we're bored to death by the required love interest story...zzzzz.  couldn't have been worse!  horrible villian too!
1,What the heck?....
1,Meryl Streep got her twelfth Oscar nomination for her portrayal of Roberta Guaspari in Places in the Heart. Her performance is excellent [when has she been anything but?], yet it is not enough to bring the movie completely to life. This true story, which has been filmed before as a documentary called Small Wonders, is about a teacher who created a music program in the schools of the impoverished East Harlem area of New York. A single mother of two boys, Guaspari, who was trained as a classical violinist but who had little teaching experience, was given a job as a teacher in the 1980s by Janet Williams, a principal at one of the schools. There was no real budget for a classical music program, so she was hired as a substitute. Guaspari herself supplied the first violins. Ten years later, she had taught 1,400 youngsters. When the program was in danger of being axed due to a school budget crisis, Guaspari enlisted the aid of some friends, who arranged for her to give a benefit concert with her best students at Carnegie Hall. Famous violinist like Isaac Stern participated, and the Program was saved. In 1999, money was found by the city to assure its continuation.	I don't know who was responsible for Music of the Heart's rather uninspired telling of the story. It certainly wasn't Ms. Streep. It may have been director Wes Craven, who until now has made his mark in the horror genre, with creepy teen fare such as Nightmare on Elm Street and the Scream trilogy. His choice to make a straight drama raised a few eyebrows, and perhaps he was overly cautious with the material. Some of the problem lies within the screenplay. Writer Pamela Gray concentrates on the main character almost exclusively. Ms. Streep is in nearly every scene. Except for some fairly good interaction between Roberta and her boys, most of the characters float in and out, acting almost as stage props. There is little that is memorable about them, and, as a result, we wind up not understanding Roberta Guaspari very well. We see what she does, and we understand that her work is noteworthy and inspirational. Yet the picture does not fill us with inspiration. It's not that it's a bad move, it's that it never soars, as movies about noble, dedicated people can when well done. While it is not a given, what usually provides the drama for such true tales is understanding what personal sacrifices an individual must make to fulfill a difficult goal. I feel certain that this happened to Ms. Guaspari in real life, but we see almost none of it in this movie. It is strongly hinted at a couple of times, but then the film simply glosses everything over and moves on the something else.	Music of the Heart is certainly worth watching for Ms. Streep's performance. The story is a fascinating one, but much of what makes a good story is the way in which it is told. Music of the Heart is not that much of a story teller.
1,This movie is not good/bad; it's just plain bad.  "Jailbait," as a term, which normally means an underage girl, here means a handgun possessed by a parolee!  This film has none of the charm of Plan Nine or  even Bride of the Monster.  It's just bad.  It looks like amateur home  movies of a community theater rehearsal.  Unless you are committed to  seeing every Ed Wood travesty, this one you should probably pass up.  It's  a stinker.
1,Why only release the digital copy to one provider?  If i want to watch on my apple TV I need the apple copy and the VUDU app sucks for downloading to my ipad.  I hate these studios not releasing the digital copy to all providers Why not be like disney movies anywhere?  If I am shelling out 15-25 a movie when everyone else is stealing them digitally I should be rewarded for it.  I will no longer purchase another movie from this studio until they correct this
1,If you feel compelled to view this Aussie import, you may want to research the John Bunting "Barrel Murders", because the SOUTHDOWN MURDERS won't supply much info.	This two-hour opus is one of the most infuriating "true crime" movies I've ever wasted time on.  The muddled script tosses the viewer into a menagerie of characters who pop in and out, whose inter-relationships are never clearly delineated.  I honestly didn't know most of the characters names until two-thirds of the movie was over!  There are too many meaningless vista scenes and lingering silent close-ups that add little to the plot.  Not surprisingly, the forced artsiness garnered much praise from the Cannes Film Festival and other critics associations, but as an armchair critic who likes good, entertaining horror thrillers, I just can't appreciate SNOWTOWN MURDERS.  David Henshall's John seems into his demented role, bot poor Lucas Pittaway as the victimized Jamie seems embarrased, not as his character but as an actor trapped in a cinematic nightmare, as I did!
1,sucked
1,How absolutely tacky. Why people think it is necessary to redo something already presented as a classic remains a mystery. This may be worse than the Ben Hur remake. Jeremy Irons WAS Rodrigo Borgia. Giuliani Farnese, Cesare and Giovanni and their mother were portrayed beautifully in that series , which is far closer to fact. Gratuitous nudity may attract an audience but it is not art. Could they not find a better lead for this remake?
1,I watched this on Netflix and I tried to forge through it. But, honestly, the main character sucks. She is a selfish, uncaring character. She uses and treats her brother in law like cheap. She dominates her kids, making them her little puppets. She lies to her kids about very important things, then cries the victim when confronted. She dresses super sleazy for a upper middle aged woman. She can't act. I was surprised she was nominated for any awards. She treated her brother in law with no respect and expected him to always be there and cater to her. I don't understand why any man would be attracted to her. She treats her friends horribly. She uses everyone she comes in contact with. I had really hoped she would change as a person, but that never happened. The brother in law and oldest son were the best actors. I found myself hoping and wishing bad things would happen to her. At the end, a few people distanced themselves from her, which was good and best for them. She was a horrible person. I didn't think there were any comical parts. The acting was horrible, especially the main character. I'm really sad that I wasted all that time watching this show and hating her and her character so intensely. I'm sad that I hoped through every episode, bad things would happen to her. Good mother's put their kids first, not themselves. She was a horrible mother, sister in law, friend and actress. I had really 'high' hopes for this show that I was even willing to overlook the main characters horrible acting...very disappointed.
1,I turned this off after 10 minutes or so.  Once the duct tape, chains, and rope show up, I'm out.  I want to watch supernatural horror flicks and not some torture porn.  I wasn't quite sure what the movie was about so I figured it was worth a gamble.  It might have a ghost or spook in the plot, but I doubt it.  I can't give it one star because my dislike for torture porn is subjective and I feel I should judge a movie on its qualities rather than my personal preferences.  So, it gets more than one star because some of the acting in the first 10 minutes was decent enough.  I can't give it three stars because some of the acting in the first 10 minutes was horrible and the plot seemed really predictable.  Wild guess- the drunken slutty sister gets whacked, the good looking stable sister survives after killing the bad guys with the help of her worthless drunken father who shows up towards the end of the movie sacrificing himself to save his daughter in some sort of redemption.  Am I right?  I will never know unless someone who watches this comments on this review and tells me.
1,I have no words to describe how horrible this HS film project is. I guess I'd heard of that heeb zalmanking who apparently is old and has been dead for many years which explains A LOT. He is NOT a good actor, NOT a good director and damn sure NOT a good writer. One has to ask, how the fk did he get famous before the internet!?!?
1,Not enough Laurel and Hardy.
1,Just so unbelievable.  Can not understand who or why anyone would give it a 5 star rating.
1,I bought Hatchet II a year or so ago and wasn't quite sure what I thought it was and by that I mean a horror comedy, mocku horror, campy or some other type of horror movie. So I just finished watching Hatchet #1 to see if it was anything like II and it does share in its OTT (over the top) clich'e riddled with sexual, racial, ethnic, regional derogatory remarks and so on. The use of cheep special effects and lame kill scenes. Hatchet II did not seem to be quite as blatant, but not by much.	The concept of the story is ok, but the execution I can't begin to explain except to say they try everything in the book and then some. We have the standard horror story where the older people get killed first, then the perv, and then one of the cat fighting girls and the the dumb blonde or vise versa and last but not least we are left with the budding romance of the unrealistic couple to do battle.	The kill scenes are way over done and unrealistic and I think that they did this intentionally for laughs? Some of the humor was ok, but not good enough to make up for the rest of this movies problems.	The acting and dialogue is written'played to be corny and lame with clich'e driven innuendo that gets old fast. The actors do do a good job with what they have to work with and as they were directed.	If you are looking for a better budgeted horror flick with decent acting, but with bad OTT gore and a clich'e filled story that leaves nothing to your imagination or is the least bit scary then this might be what your looking for. 2.3 stars		Rating 0 to 5	Story = 2	Acting =3	Direction = 2.3	Fear Factor = 0	Gore = 4 BUT very unrealistic.	Sex/Nudity = No/ Yes	Foul Language = Yes, but not as bad or as much for this genre.	Entertainment Value = 2.3
1,Stopped viewing after about 10 minutes.
1,"It's not your fault, it's not your fault"!  I guess I just don't like self-pity, the shrink can fix you, lets talk about your past kind of movies.  I'm the guy you should be feeling sorry for, I knew half way through it sucked, but I watched it to the end so I could write a review.  Robin Williams takes himself too serious, in this movie and in real life.  Robin Williams is that way in several of his movies, "Dead Poet's Society", "Mrs. Doubtfire".  Too bad he suffered from depression and killed himself.  It seems he was just playing himself in this movie.  With all the great reviews I thought it might be good.  The story is pretty much just a fantasy, not how anything actually happens in real life.  The amazing thing is how many people think this is a good movie.
1,Can't say much but a Huge disappointment.
1,This looked like it was made in the '80s like the others . I expected something - anything . The reason the old ones are cheesy is because all movies back then were cheesy. This one was a total waste of time
1,Unfortunately, this pairing of Larry David (onscreen) and Woody Allen (as writer-director) promises more than it delivers.  David and the other cast members give it a good try but they cant overcome the flaws in Allens script, which include contrived plotting and one-dimensional characters.  Even Allens knack for providing strong roles for female leads is off-balance here.  Rachel Evan Wood is never believable as a naive runaway who becomes smitten with the misanthropic David, although the fault lies in the role as conceived and, sad to say, Allens direction.  I would argue that any movie by Woody Allen is worth a look.  Yet even staunch Allenphiles will concede that WHATEVER WORKS is one of his lesser efforts.
1,I don't understand what the big fuss is about this movie. It took more then an 1 hour to establish the plot and anyone that knows deer's it was only a matter of time before the deer was going to start too acted wild. I also didn't understand why the father didn't call his son by his first name. He kept calling him boy through out the entire movie. I guess back in the 40's that children called that parents by Ma and Pa. The parents didn't call there children by there names either they said son or daughter or I guess boy and girl. I'm not going to tell you how it ends but there's not much in this movie that will keep you interested. I loss interest about 15 minutes into this movie because there's no action, rhythm or anything at all as I said before to keep interested. Base on that and I'm indeed being nice about this I give this movie only 1 weasel stars.
1,Low Budget film with low level actors/actresses.
1,The movie feels schematic, predictable, and even boring. No new ideas.	Regurgitation of the old scenes and old cliches.	Bad guys are chasing, the good guys running. The good guy saves the life of the beauty-in-chief in the last second.	The major intense scenes are short, flat, single-dimension, underdone.	We seen slow chase on foot in Tangier, Morocco, not very different in Manila, Philippines.	Very little technology, not even a decent hand-to-hand combat.	The only thing I liked is that the Good Guy and the Beauty-In-Chief never kissed for 3 seconds and the Beauty-In-Chief never cut her hair and never dyed it black, so thank you for that.
1,Okay, somebody owed somebody a BIG favor in order to get this movie made!!! This movie is beyond "terrible". The mother was self-centered; her son was a brat & needed a haircut. He kept wandering away from his mother, exploring on his own (not a good thing for young kids to watch). And Patrick Muldoon (such a cutie in "A Boyfriend For Christmas) was totally unwatchable. What is a Christmas movie without snow? There was none anywhere. Acting was very bad. The producers owe me a star; as this movie doesn't deserve even one.
1,Its a morality play basically.  The dialogue is so simple and obvious that this movie clearly was not intended for adults.  It might be a good movie for kids up to the age of 8-10, but even older children are likely to see it as so obvious they would be bored by it.  There are several subplots running: cruel rich rancher trying to expel an Indian family from his land; same rich rancher despises his preacher turned rancher son-in-law;  his grandson befriends the boy in the Indian family the rancher despises, and his other grandson become critically ill.  Somehow all of the evil running through these subplots is defeated - the assassination attempt on the half Indian father fails and he miraculously survives a deadly fall and even walks home after losing his horse, the two boys who are friends are saved from a wolf by the stray dog one of them has befriended and are miraculously  found in the high plains late at night by the ex-minister son-in-law,  the old Indian grandfather saves the life of the ill grandson who is near death with some magic native medicine, and the embittered rancher who caused much of the tragedy suddenly loses all of his bitterness and invites the Indian family he tried to destroy to Christmas dinner with his now highly respected son-in-law and everybody lives happily thereafter.  Its as if Santa Claus, the tooth fairy, and the Easter Bunny all turn out to be real and all appear in the flesh at the same time!  The actors in the movie did a credible job, making a valiant attempt with a script that would be expected to be seen on a Saturday AM children's show.
1,I've watched this multiple times, and enjoy it, with one exception.	This show is way, way too auto-tuned.	The guests were great, everything else was excellent, but you can tell that someone was far too heavy on auto-tune here
1,"The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" is a series of scenes of sadomasochistic torture. The most graphic scene depicts a large adult male violating a female who has the body of a pubescent girl. There are other, less graphic scenes where males are subject to sadomasochistic torture. There is a series of still photographs of women who have been subjected to sadomasochistic torture. Audience members who are attracted to that activity, or fantasies of it, will very much want to see this film. They will be rewarded by it. The film will inspire some to pursue the opportunity to violate women and girls. The filmmakers will profit from others' pain.		A flimsy, utterly vanilla murder plot - a plot out of a C-grade episode of "Columbo" - is the excuse for the exploitation scenes. A girl named Harriet disappeared forty years ago from a rich family's private island in Sweden. If you're at all curious as to what happened to Harriet, do yourself a favor and perform a google search of the film's title plus the word "spoiler." You'll soon discover how vapid the plot is.		The biggest mystery of the film is why all these people ostensibly living in Sweden speak English with variations on Scandinavian accents, accents that roll around unevenly between Helsinki and Vienna. Robin Wright's accent is best. Christopher Plummer's is worst. Daniel Craig doesn't even try (memories of his uneven Polish accent in "Defiance.")		Harriet is being pursued by Daniel Craig, a reporter, and Lisbeth, the eponymous heroine. Lisbeth is strictly a male fantasy who could never exist in real life. She is less real than the blow-up doll Ryan Gosling fell in love with in "Lars and the Real Girl." Lisbeth has superhero powers on a computer, with weapons, on a motorcycle, and in international finance, but she is helpless when men attempt to assault her. Make the woman powerful and then violate and humiliate her: a classic motif of misogynist porn. Lisbeth has the body of a pubescent girl, and you get to see every inch of it. For the gentlemen's club crowd, Lisbeth does girl-on-girl action, but, in the end, her job is to make the male lead, and viewer, happy.		As part of the film's pretentious overlay, there are lots of interior shots of Swedish furniture and exterior shots of snow. Chair. Snow. Wind. Torture. Lather. Rinse. Repeat.		The film is boring. The attempts to create tension are pathetic and hackneyed. A character is alone in an archive at night. Suddenly a door is heard closing. OOOO boogedy boogedy! I'm really scared now! Evidence is pieced together and suddenly one realizes who the villain is. And the villain is creeping up upon the hero even at that very moment! Be still my heart. A killer talks for a really long time before dispatching the victim, thus potentially giving a rescuer a chance to arrive. Wow, I've never seen THAT done before!		There is a completely pointless series of scenes tacked on at the end relating to high finance. So much for narrative tension and drive. Trent Reznor's score is endlessly irritating in its neediness: "Listen to me! Listen to me! Listen to me! I'm doing something really edgy here!" I kept thinking of Bernard Herrmann's amazing shower scene music from "Psycho," music that seemed to just be the natural sound that scene would make, music that was a seamless part of the terror. No such moments in "Tattoo."		What else. Rich people are bad. Nazis are really, really bad. Rich Nazis are really, really, really bad. Fat people are worst of all. The Bible causes people to become serial killers who hate women. Interestingly, boring, pretentious torture porn, apparently, does not cause people to become serial killers who hate women. Every other Swedish home has an extensively equipped torture chamber - you missed that at IKEA, didn't you? Well, the stores ARE really big. Torture is such a popular national pastime in Sweden that you have to wonder how they make time to prepare their famous meatballs, never mind Volvos. Tourists traveling to Sweden must learn to say, "Don't tase me, Bro," in Swedish, and should never, ever drop the soap.
1,I like to watch movies with high moral values and ones which  I am comfortable watching with family and children.
1,If this film had been billed as a comedy instead of science fiction I would have given it a higher rating. But, alas, it seems that the director was only trying to appeal to the most unsophisticated audiences possible; and in that regard I guess he succeeded.		The acting was terrible throughout. Arnold was his usual wooden self with some of the worst dialogue imaginable. Even his patented tough guy one-liners were predictable and not funny (he says "consider that a divorce" after shooting Sharon Stone, his pretend wife, in the head). And most of his actions scenes, which comprised most of the movie, were simply laughable. It seems to me that Arnold's best acting work is as a robot.		Sharon Stone wasn't much better unless her goal was to portray a cartoonish, sleazy bitch that no one could take seriously. If that was the case she pulled it off.		It actually scares me to see so many reviewers rate this piece of trash 10 stars. What were they watching! How low are their standards! I suppose if all it takes are a bunch of loud explosions, lots of breaking glass, and completely implausible chase scenes to make one happy, then this film delivers on all counts. But is that what it has come to?		After viewing this gigantic failure I Googled Philip K Dick to see if he was still around to witness this atrocious portrayal of his work. He wasn't. It was sad to see that he died so young (53), but at least he didn't have to witness this insult to his talent and imagination. Oh well, we'll always have Blade Runner!
1,The story lines are predictable and the special effects are cheap. I gave it 2 stars because the neigbor's kid like it.
1,TRANSFORMERS: REVENGE OF THE FALLEN		STARRING: Shia LaBeouf, Megan Fox, Josh Duhamel, Tyrese Gibson, John Turturro, Ramon Rodriguez, Kevin Dunn, Julie White, Isabel Lucas, Rainn Wilson, Glenn Morshower and the voices of: Hugo Weaving, Tony Todd, Peter Cullen, Reno Wilson, Robert Foxworth and Jess Harnell		WRITTEN BY: Ehren Kruger, Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman		DIRECTED BY: Michael Bay		Rated: PG-13	Genre: Action / Science Fiction	Release Date: 24 June 2009		Let me start off by saying that no-one is a bigger Michael Bay fan than I am, because this is going to get ugly and I want everyone to know that he is an amazing director. He just had this one slip up and it's called Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen.		I have stood behind Bay on every one of his previous films including Armageddon and Pearl Harbor which I thought were amazing and have gotten so much criticism. Bay is notorious for putting things in his movies that would never happen in real life and when called out on it he will flat out admit to it. He likes to push the envelope of reality in order to make something look cool. But you can't blame him entirely because he knows his audience better than perhaps any director in Hollywood. You need only to look at the billions of dollars his films have grossed to see that. He knows what Middle America wants to see. Several people have told me that this movie was incredible and that they loved it and that it was better than the first one. I disagree entirely but there are so many people out there that just want to be visually entertained for two plus hours and take away nothing else from the film. I have had people tell me that they like to watch bright and shiny things go bang on the screen. If this is what you are looking for in a film, then Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen is for you. Now on with the bashing.		The film opened very weak in comparison to Transformers. Optimus Prime's voice seemed dull and not as adventurous as it did when we first met him. Maybe he had already seen the movie when they had him narrate it.		I have heard rumors that Bay shot all of the action and CGI (Computer Graphic Imagery) sequences months before there was even a script and then had the writers generate the rest of the story around those scenes. Is it true? Not sure.		I've got to tell you however, watching the film it looks like that's exactly what happened. And the writers are all very talented. He brought back the two who wrote the first film as well as another writer who has an incredible list of successful screenplays under his belt to include, Arlington Road and Reindeer Games just to name a few. And the two writers who wrote the first film also wrote the new Star Trek and Mission Impossible III. So you have to ask, how did this film get so horribly screwed up? Where was the witty dialogue and perfect comedic timing that the first film was engulfed with? Where was the cool story and plot and character development scenes? Who knows what happened.		I will say that it is filled with awesome action sequences and should undoubtedly win an Oscar for best special effects and at the very least be nominated for Oscars in sound and sound effects editing. But I feel like that's all the film had to offer and I'm sorry but that's just not enough. I don't care if it's just an action movie. It's because I'm such a huge fan of Michael Bay that I'm this disappointed. Luckily he promises to put more effort into the script of the third film.		The plot is nearly impossible to explain. It's everywhere all at once. Apparently the Transformers have been here for thousands of years and the leader of the bad guys (Decepticons), called The Fallen, was imprisoned in space. It makes you wonder if they called him The Fallen before he fell or if it's just been so long that perhaps they just forgot his real name. Anyhow, his buddies send Transformers out on missions to gather intelligence from our Military bases that apparently don't have very good security at all. They soon discover that Sam (Shia LaBeouf) has a shard of the cube left from the first film.		We learn that Sam is off to college without his girlfriend Mikaela (Megan Fox). I am amazed that this girl even made it into Hollywood. Next to Paris Hilton, she has to be the worst actress out there. I understand that she is attractive physically and that nine out of 10 guys would love to sleep with her. So many guys tell me "She's hot dude." So what if she's hot, she's a terrible actress! This is a huge movie and there are plenty of actresses who are 'hot' and can actually act! Hopefully her character will die early in the third film.		Sam is talking on the phone with her using very cheesy dialogue that is obviously pushing toward what is going to happen next, when a piece of the cube drops from the pocket of the sweatshirt he was wearing at his first Transformers encounter. He explains that he hasn't washed it because it's his lucky shirt, as lame as that is, thank God Shia LaBeouf is a great actor so it's tolerable. But then he drops the shard of the cube and it burns through the floor and the ceiling of the floor below and lands on a countertop and somehow can't melt through that. Then all of the metallic common household appliances come to life. They transform, so I guess we are supposed to believe that they are Transformers? But the Transformers are aliens so did the Witwickeys purchase all of their appliances from Mars? A huge firefight ensues and Sam is rescued by his Camaro that Transforms into Bumblebee.		Immediately following this scene, Sam tells Bumblebee he's leaving him at home because he is no longer in danger. I guess Sam must have suffered amnesia to not remember that he was just attacked by several little Transformers. And what kid in their right mind would leave behind a brand new Camaro, let alone one that's a Transformer?		Bay also shows Mikaela sitting on a motorcycle wearing the skimpiest outfit imaginable in a very provocative pose at her father's body shop. Maybe her dad was at lunch when she struck this unnatural pose? We also get to see Mikaela change her outfit to say goodbye to Sam which is really an excuse to just see her change her outfit. And then it isn't shown to us how exactly Mikaela ends up with the shard of the cube and later in the film Sam actually asks her if she has it, but she takes it with her and where does she put it? She brings it to the body shop which is comprised entirely of metal objects and not one of them turns into a Transformer, like Sam's appliances did. How does that add up?		This film doesn't know what kind of film it wants to be. At one moment it is filled with vulgarity, intense violence sequences, it shows two male dogs having sex with each other and Sam's mom even samples pot-filled brownies at his college and has some amusing side effects. While I was not offended by any of these moments in the film, I know that several parents were.		Then on the other hand, it is filled with all kinds of lame child-related humor as well. A lot of the Transformers are real slap-stick characters like the twins who I found to be annoying in every scene and the little voices that some of them have. A lot of the dialogue by the Transformers is child-like in nature as well. There's even a Transformer that is so old he has a beard made out of metallic shards and uses a piece of his body as a cane to get around. Come on, seriously?		He's a great actor, but they used the same guy that played the Colonel in the first film, (Glenn Morshower) to play a Four Star General in this one. He is working with the good Transformers (Auto Bots) in a special military unit. For some reason, despite the fact he is in charge of the project, he is allowed by a Major to speak with Optimus Prime, but can't see him directly. And Major Lennox (Josh Duhamel) knows way more about the project than the General. So much in fact that he doesn't feel the need to call the General, Sir when speaking to him and is aware that the President has appointed a new civilian in charge of Commanding the Auto Bots. The General actually says, "I guess I didn't get that memo." I was in the military folks and I'm here to tell you that a Major would damn sure refer to a Four Star General as Sir or General and would have no knowledge of information regarding the President and his chief of Staff that the General would not. Wow.		Sam and Mikaela meet up with a really irritating kid who is supposed to be a comic relief that is Sam's roommate in college and the always funny and enjoyable John Turturro's character Simmons. They all set out to gain information from the very old Transformer mentioned previously. They are then transported by him miraculously to the pyramids in Egypt where the secret to their salvation is believed to be and the third act takes place. I glanced at the clock on my DVD player when watching this for the second time and the final action sequence was well over 30 minutes of non-stop action. Given the special effects were amazing and it was very fun to watch, it was just too much. It just kept going and going and going. It was about as relenting as watching a couple of kids play with the Transformers toys for over half an hour.		The Decepticons previous to all of this had captured Sam's parents who bring so much to the film. They really are hilarious and believable characters played by Kevin Dunn and Julie White. I guess the Decepticons had kidnapped them in hopes of trapping Sam in Egypt, but then they are just set loose. Maybe the Decepticons forgot about them due to the chaos of the rigorous 30 plus minute climax?		There are two huge moments in the film that were beyond the lamest of the lame. It's almost like everyone at the pitch meeting was yelling out ideas and then someone said, "Hey, let's just use all of them!" and then everyone agreed. Not to give too much away, one involves an idea that's been recycled a million times and takes place at Sam's dorm room with a pretty girl. How random was that? Once it's over it's never mentioned again. The second is Sam's destiny that's carried out at the climax. Why did he have to be the one to do this? A toddler could have been just as effective. After all of the other confusing and ridiculous moments in the film though, several of which I didn't even mention, these seem to fit with the rest pretty well.
1,You know, this is one time where a director can make or break a film.  Granted the material is nonsense to work with but the pacing is painful.  There are only so many plane takeoffs and landings that one can bear.	The plot, if there is one, is about alien invasion and how they devastated the landscape.  (You know, a species that can take down the moon -- which makes no sense either as the gravitational forces would put the moon back together rather quickly) should have no problem inserting a retro virus into the atmosphere and taking down all life on earth.	On top of that there are many planets and moons in our solar system that have huge bodies of water that don't require so much work.  Europa, a moon on Jupiter comes to mind but Mars has water, so does our own moon and so does Mercury and you don't have to fight off the indigenous population.	Finally, what was the point of the film in the first place?
1,Salsa dance is very inappropriate.
1,Oh, how precious, another-little-film-that-could!  Except, this couldn't, and shouldn't.  I got about 30 minutes into this cheese-fest and changed channels.  One of the first characters that's introduced to us drove me up the wall nearly instantaneously -- the personification of quirky, donning her h-i-l-a-r-i-o-u-s oh-so-silly hat and $3.99 Wallmart platform flip-flop, if I ran into on the street I would run in the other direction as fast as possible.  Other unbelievable and irritating characters quickly follow.	The storytelling folksy music, some of the worst dialogue ever committed to screen,  acting which veers from average to laughably bad, and characters that ring untrue, this is an absurd movie and worth skipping.
1,Warning: this is NOT a movie about a haunting!!!!!!!!!!! I got it for that reason only, and was extremely bummed and angry that the description of the movie says other wise. If you like a b/c slasher flick with more character build up and little action and no suspense and ok acting by a few and terrible acting by a few others, you might like this film, but I would wait for it to be on prime and DEFINITLY don't save it for your Friday night movie!
1,This movie was slow and without surprises
1,Considering no longer watching - total lack of civility on part of one cast member - some might think its funny or good business but it's not, plain and simple.
1,to old for me.
1,It was ok
1,Ok to pass the time but could have been so much better. Really no character development so you never truly connected to what they were trying to do.
1,All the questions about the meaning of the title and of the film itself are pointless and needlessly dignify this ugly piece of pretentious garbage.  Trier obviously has no idea of spiritual matters, and notions like the antichrist are complete mysteries to him - like love of any kind beyond the groping and grunting of mere sex.  He also apparently has no understanding of human relationships or even what it means to be human.  Based on this film and MELANCHOLIA (which is much better but still quite bad), I get the impression that Trier is in a permanent state of depression which he wants to share with his viewers.  I will not waste time detailing the irony of the "Chaos reigns" theme in a film which goes out of its way to appear structured.  ANTICHRIST raises many questions, especially for those who are able to take it seriously, but the greatest question is a practical one: "Where did all that $11,000,000 of its estimated production costs go?"  Dafoe and Gainsbourg are virtually the only actors in the film, and the whole thing was shot in what appears to be one location. Trier's backers must be steaming -- let's hope they are more cautious in the future.  The only positive thing I can say about ANTICHRIST is the DVD was a gift, so I did not waste any of my own money on it.
1,Terrible.
1,I loved&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Borat/dp/B000P4ME14/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Borat</a>. It may be one of the funniest movies I have ever seen. The idea of drawing out unsuspecting people to expose their barely-hidden racism and ignorance was brilliant, and Cohen executed it flawlessly. The other scenes, like the nude fight, were also hilarious. So I approached Bruno with similar expectations. I should have expected to be disappointed, as Borat's brilliance couldn't be repeated. A few of the sex scenes with Bruno and his boyfriend at the beginning were absurd enough to be amusing, but the movie went downhill from there. Cohen was clearly trying to get a rise out of homophobes, and didn't succeed. The Westboro Baptist Church encounter was pointless - people frequently act flamboyantly in front of the WBC; they are used to it and aren't going to react. The sequence with the "pray the gay away" counselor wasn't interesting either - again, the pastor was clearly so repressed that he was incapable of responding to Cohen's insulting questions and propositioning. The Straight Dave sequence was distracting in that I couldn't help wondering how Cohen got everyone to attend - you'd have to pay people to show up at a show by someone they never heard of. I also suspect that everyone was instructed to start yelling at the end when Cohen was making out with his assistant.		Then, at the very end of the film, Cohen lost his nerve. I would have really enjoyed seeing him embarrass real celebrities, but of course Cohen knows who his friends are, and isn't going to alienate anyone important - only unsuspecting rubes.		By now, Cohen is so well-known that he can't get away with this anymore, thus, in his newest film "The Dictator," he plays a conventionally-scripted character. I wouldn't expect much from that either - just more Hitler references and humiliation.
1,Rather unwatchable. I love the story of St. Joan, but this one bored me. Seemed cheap and old.
1,stupid,terrible camera angles.terrible actors too...	junk
1,Actually, this film is beyond disappointing.		Unlike the previous films in the series, this was not about people who fell victim to their fascination with dinosaurs and faced the consequences. This movie was about people who are selfish and stupid, who make stupid choices from beginning to end. After a while I felt like I was looking at the work of people whose entire message is that our species is dumber than dinosaurs.		I can't believe this is remotely how we would behave when faced with real dinosaurs. I remember the scene in the first film when the paleontologists see the brachiosaurus for the first time. That was a powerful scene and we all understood it. This movie shows our selfish need to create bigger, badder, meaner, more wicked dinosaurs for fun and profit, or turn them all into a pack of trained Dobermans who see us as the Alpha. Every dinosaur in the film was made to perform like a trained dolphin at Sea world, or a trained elephant in a circus. Even the hero guy in the movie was guilty of this. It showed the worst of us in the way we deal with nature.		Scenes I would rather forget include the field of slain brachiosaurs and the pteradons attacking the little Shetland pony style ride- on dinosaurs.		The entire movie made me feel like I was wearing a t-shirt that read, "I'm with stupid." Or maybe, because I paid twenty dollars for this movie, I should be wearing the other shirt.		I know we live in a time where big hit movies are nothing but a whole series of fights, fights causing disastrous crashes, fights causing disastrous crashes and toppling buildings, but I'm amazed that this movie, which has no heroes, only survivors, succeeded at all.		I wish I could go back in time and tell myself not to watch it. It's that bad.
1,There's a scene in The Big Chill where William Hurt turns to Jeff Goldblum and says "You're so analytical.  Sometimes you just have to let art flow over you."  While watching A Knight's Tale my friend  turned to me and said "The art flows over me...and right on down into the sewer."  I wouldn't go so far as to say that the movie was excrement.  However, I would say that the tonal inconsistencies of this film are so extreme that I was never able to enter the story.  I spent the entire movie in a state of awe that so much money and so many people would be involved in producing such a specimen of utter confusion.	A Knight's Tale is Blazing Saddles meets Excalibur meets Shakespeare in Love.  Underneath all of the wild production choices is a fairly good script.  Young peasant William [Heath Ledger] disguises himself as a knight to win jousting tournaments, trying to win enough money to-as he puts it-"change my stars." The movie was well-cast and the acting was good.  Mark Addy (who played Dave in the Full Monty) was particularly believable as Roland, the earnest and loyal sidekick. With a team of companions and a beautiful love interest and a villain who threatens to bring the whole enterprise down, it could have worked.	Where it falls apart is in the anachronistic production choices.  As young William approaches the first jousting field, onlookers clap in rhythm to Queen's anthem "We Will Rock You."  As the crane shot moves closer to specific extras, you see them rocking out, dancing disco, singing along with the soundtrack.  It's a very Mel Brooks moment, and so you settle in and laugh a little and think "ah, Space Balls Middle Ages.  I get it."	And then the film gets serious.  Twenty minutes later all the anachronisms are gone, but you've been unsettled enough by them that you're looking for satire throughout the film.  Scenes which could have been touching are ruined.  Occasionally you hear a half-familiar line, or see a half-familiar camera shot, and you think you're watching a very subtle satire, perhaps a send-up of the whole movie industry.  But you never can quite put your finger on what it is they're trying to satirize.  So-if you're me and you've spent the whole movie wondering "what the heck was Brian Helgeland thinking?!?"-you go to the director's commentary on the DVD expecting some answers.	The only answer I got from the first ten minutes of the commentary was:  he wasn't.  The director's commentary sounds more like two old college buddies rehashing old times about people you never knew than any serious reflection on the approach to production.  In retrospect, A Knight's Tale seemed like 100 scenes in search of a movie, and I feel generous giving it two stars.
1,This is a music cd. Not the DVD series! Should alert better your costumers.
1,As bad as it looks
1,Yeah, I get that it's very artsy film noir. But the plotline is so weird (actually downright creepy), and every character so beyond pathetic, there is nothing to justify the loss of the time from your life viewing this film.
1,I know the John Wayne Gacy story, I live in Chicago, how could I not???		But where are we in this movie?  The scenes follow no order and give the audience no clue as to where we are in his life at any given point in the movie.  Not only that, but most of the scenes seem to "cut off" too early as if they were edited for TV to fill a time-slot.  The whole thing is one big confusing mess.		That being said, the portrayal of Gacy by Mark Houlton was really good.  He looks like him physically and pulls off friendly, yet scary appearance very well.  He makes this movie worth watching.  THe one thing that the writers/directors did well in this was to not get psychological.  They simply portray what was actually done, without trying to explain WHY Gacy killed people.  He was a serial killer, nobody knows what he was thinking... THe movie succeeded in staying very objective.		Worth watching on a rainy day.		P.S.  NOt really much discussed about POGO the clown, even though it's on the cover.
1,I was really excited to see this movie, but as it turned out, it was just ok.  If I hadn't expected more, I probably would have given it three stars, but the entire movie probably could have been done in about half an hour.  Sorry to say I regret this purchase.
1,I really didn't like this movie.
1,I could not make it through the 1st 15 minutes (14 to be exact)	tried again 3/4 days later and still could not make it 15 minutes...		I give it 1 star but Amazon gives it 2...		It is barely worth  $.99  <um 99 cents for those "un-involved"...
1,This movie wasn't what I expected. The start was slow and I didn't like the way it ended. it wasn't really alot of jaw dropping off of your seat kind of movie as I wanted.
1,Carrier is a well produced DVD - no question.		The problem, as I see it, is that there is far too much repetition and far, far, too much extraneous material. The endless 'interviews'  with - mostly - the same individuals fails to provide a true overall picture of the thinking of the crew - which numbered over 5,000 souls.		Far to many of those interviewed made me, personally, ashamed to be proud of a Navy and seriously doubtful whether some of the crew of this vast Carrier would perform adequately in times of a 'real' war. The tremendous naivety of more than a few crew members was compounded by the demonstrated ignorance of 'normal' everyday life and living. In this, it must be stressed, it was largely the 'lower deck' and younger crew members who caused this perspective to become most evident. The Officers and Senior Ranks certainly appeared a much better educated and cosmopolitan group of individuals.		The whole programme could have been contained, without loss of interesting or important comment, in a three hour - maximum four hour - programme/DVD.		The actual working life of those aboard was very interesting - but seriously curtailed.		Sadly, for I was keenly anticipating viewing the DVD, I found myself glad it was over!  2 stars out of 5 is the maximum I can, with any conscious, accord this DVD.		Incidentally, the BBC did a similar programme some 30 or so years ago. It was far more to the point - and, therefore, more interesting.
1,This  show is extremely boring and very cheesy the acting leaves a lot to the imagination
1,Fair
1,too slow and boring
1,This movie has lots of potential but it's just "too much". Everyone seems to have too many problems so it's just crosses the line between being "realistic" and just losing credibility. I know movies are not always realistic and this is fine, but you have to be careful not to overload or the movie just becomes ridiculous.	overall an OK movie but could have been much better. I thought the actors were doing a good job and the overall "production" is ok, but for some reason it just doesn't go the extra mile to be a good movie.
1,Michael Bay's movie Pain & Gain is a monumental train wreck on a number of levels, with the greatest being its comedy. The movie bills itself as a hybrid of drama, action, and comedy yet the comedy is completely nonexistent for the majority of the movie with only brief moments. Instead, sexual comedy is mostly used to an effect that only heightens the ridiculous nature of this crime, bringing the film into a realm of non-belief that never abates and frankly the jokes are just in bad-taste or poorly written.		The characters portrayals by Mark Wahlberg, Dwayne Johnson, and Anthony Mackie also prove troubling to the film as they are not strong nor can the audience really identify with their wants. Instead, the characters become unbelievable only a quarter of the way through the film and never establishes a stronger connection with their audience.		Overall, the Pain is too much for the viewer. This film was a missed opportunity to portray a true American crime and instead became farcical. The only redeeming characteristic is the ending that is revealed for each character within the film, a fact that was too late to save this film. In conclusion, just skip this film as there are no gains to be had from watching it. If you do watch it though, be forewarned: this is not a film to watch with children around.
1,First, I have not watched the DVD / Blueray, however I did them on the 82 tour in Boulder. They also played with John Cougar and Jethro Tull. I will say this, Cougar was ok but I did not go to see him. Tull is one of my favorite bands, The Who I had seen back in 71-73 era just after Who's Next came out and they were everything a great rock band should be.. Lastly, this show in 82 was a complete disappointment. It is one that I have chalked up as a none event. I don't know why because as I remember everyone played great, great sound, great seat but when I left the concert I said to myself..so what.
1,Nothing special
1,This movie has somewhat of an interesting take on the sad state of newspapers, political corruption and big business resorting to illegal activities to achieve their goals with the assistance of certain politicians. I did like the story and the acting but the movie does not keep a steady pace. It picks up speed and then several times slows down to the point where you want to fast forward all the unnecessary chatter. And there is too much of this chatter. With better direction and editing the movie could be half an hour shorter and double as interesting. Fine acting from all the actors cannot dispel the fog of poor editing and the rambling direction. Avoid this one - the movie will leave you with a feeling of boredom.
1,Whatever charm this show ever possessed has long gone.  Full of ridiculous plotlines, and actors who were has beens, were never really stars to begin with and flash in the pan relics its enough to make you want to jump overboard.  I keep watching episode after episode hoping for some substance but its the  same thing over and over again.  The laugh track is anoying the sets cheap and the scripts corny to a tee.  I guess it worked for it's time but it's so out of place today.  They tried to revive it in 1999 but the ship sank after only one season.  The opening episode of this tug boat the two hour one is so over the top and stupid it makes Mr. Rogers neighborhood seem like shakespeare.  It was like crossing Gilligan's Island with The Poseidon Adventure; except there was no famous underwater swim.  I  think the Shark Bruce from Jaws should have made  a cameo to liven things up.  I would have fed Doc to him in a heartbeat.  I laugh every time I see Berni Kopell trying to pick up a woman; he thinks he is this hot stud; buddy have you looked in the mirror lately?  In fact none of the four main characters  even come close to being attractive.  We bought this because we remembered seeing it when we were kids and I guess it showed some fascination then but boy did we get a rude awakening as adults watching this tripe.  I think I'll throw this volume and the previous season overboard on my next cruise.  BTW I'm surprised the cruise industry didn't protest to all the hanky panky going on aboard between crew and passengers. Does working on a cruise ship give you the right to sexually harass passengers coming on?  Next time I'm on board a cruise ship, I'll ask my cabin steward for a little extra service...according to this ship wreck its perfectly acceptable.
1,we decided to throw this meaningless nonsense film in the recycle bin after watching it! IT SUCKS!
1,OK it is Godzilla, my expectations were not that high. Giant monsters fight right? Well that is my biggest gripe about this movie all the scenes with the creatures are SO dark you can't see them at all.		I get building suspense but EVERY scene with the creatures is pitch black. Trying to hide low budget effects? Maybe they had to pay Bryan Cranston so much to make this his first post Breaking Bad role that the effects budget had to be slashed?		Get Pacific Rim instead
1,This version was so poorly done I had to turn it off half-way through! There is no passion, no chemistry, no reason to believe these people would have ever fallen for each other. Of course I didn't watch the whole thing, but I did watch enough to know that I didn't believe their romance. By the time I turned it off they had bored me with parts that I thought they would have shortened but hadn't. They cut out important parts, like two of the conversations between Mr. R and Jane leading up to them falling for each other. The conversation they did have was dull, uninteresting and left me not liking Mr. R where in other versions it is the same conversation where one would start liking Mr. R. Will not watch again!
1,I watched this movie after watching "The Grand Seduction" - a Canadian production, with a very similar theme,.set in a small fishing community in Newfoundland. In comparison to the Canadian film, which had wry humor and a cast of fascinating well-developed characters, I found the script of DH trite and cliche, with several fine actors wasted in stock-character roles. Michael J. Fox is one of my favorites -  but this was not one of his best roles in my opinion.
1,People often point to the clothes or the music or the hairstyles or the boots of the 70s as the signature of just how bad that decade was, but for me the only thing that made the 70s a time to deny having lived through was the persistence of certain people for trying to make movies like this.		Gad. Where to start. I can't decide what is the worst aspect.		Horrible music because there was no budget for anything other than a four piece the director heard playing funk in a garage one day.		Actors who run the gamut from mediocre to barely competent - the reliance on exaggerated facial expressions had me thinking this might be better presented as a faux "recovered footage" silent movie at times.		Awful dialog. One segment has the long-suffering wife uttering the exact same lines that the Dueling Cavalier came to regret when recorded for the first time and presented to an audience (in Singin' In The Rain). It would have worked as homage had the movie been an intentional comedy.		Really bad simulated violence - as in so bad a child wouldn't believe it could terrify anyone.		Stupidly bad plotting. The police come a cropper on this again and again, and my suspension of disbelief buckled under this relentless onslaught of dumb.		Continuity is a joke in the "American" version, so bad is the fit between scenes on occasion - Plan 9 bad in places.		What little nudity there is is not really used effectively either. The actresses are pretty, the lead stunningly so, but most of the nudity seemed for no reason whatsoever, storywise, and was filmed as badly as the rest of it all.		I got the feeling from both versions (and the "European" one is the better of the two in every respect) that the director had no clear idea what the finished film would look like and just filmed scenes that occurred to him that day to be stuck together later in a story yet to be written.		I have no idea how in this day and age anyone would refer to either version of the film on this disc as "shocking" or "sick and demented". The situation Poselli came up with had legs in many possible direction he could have taken the idea. The potential for a tense psychological drama was there. The potential for a shocking and demented tour de force of graphic psycho-sexual horror was also there, even in the 1970s. By some trick of fate (or possibly skilled use of irony) the director failed to achieve any of this potential in my opinion.		Even allowing for the difference in aesthetic between the English/American film audiences and the Italian makers the movie fails over and over.		Unless you are a Ralph Brown/Renato Polselli collector I'd give this one a miss.
1,One of the worst movies ever made. I am embarassed for Halle Berry that she has to see herself in this one.
1,Horrible movie!
1,not for me.
1,I want two hours of my life back. Since I am not a ten-year-old boy, CGI monsters don't impress me. Cardboard cut out characters with as much depth and charm as a cardboard are never ever truly in danger, and you know it. I'm not sure I can even remember any of them. Not even the Starlord. Oh, not that movie? Well, I am more inclined to believe that sheer fun coolness of Chris Pratt himself would be enough to tame those raptors in real life. At the very least, that guy IS fun, laid back and smart and they should have just called him Chris. The character he plays, well, Indiana Jones did it before... Ultimately, you don't care what happens to anyone or anything.		Hard to even comment on the story or anything else since there isn't much of it. Not to mention the stupidity of the formulaic plot devices. Shouldn't have happened. Any of it. Success based on nostalgia rather than anything seen in this movie.		If you are not 13-year-old or nostalgic for your 13-year-old boy self then this is a complete waste of time.
1,I applaud Will Farrell for making the movie.  It's a bold choice.  But the premise of sending up Mexican TV and movies stopped being funny about 15 minutes into the movie. Making fun of poor production values, acting and music got very stale very fast. There's just not that much to recommend the movie.		On a happier note, Genesis Rodriquez is clearly a talented actress, and I expect we'll be seeing much more of her in the future.		Beyond that....meh.
1,Amiable but rather pointless film about a somewhat estranged brother and sister discovering their Polish heritage during an impromptu trip from Switzerland to Poland.  This movie can't seem to decide whether it wants to be a gay comedy, a family drama or a road movie, and so doesn't succeed in being any of these.  This is obviously a labor of love on the part of writer/director/actor Lionel Baier who stars as the brother (who also happens to be named Lionel Baier), but it fails to engender much in the way of interest for the audience.		Good performances by Baier and Natacha Koutchoumov as the sister, but not much else to recommend it.
1,DBZ is only technically anime.  Any true anime lover out there would tell you that they wouldn't wish DBZ on their worst enemy.  I only care enough to warn those beginning their collection (or worse, seeing their first anime) To steer clear of DBZ, for you will forever hate anime.  Friends of mine think I'm childish because I'm an anime lover and they saw DBZ.  I've only seen about 10 episodes of it (I kept telling myself "IT MUST GET BETTER.  IT MUST GET BETTER" to no avail).  Oh, I see the merchandice-toting mobsters outside my door now.  Goodbye
1,The last season of Miami Vice was a disappointment, pure and simple.  Like so many television shows that follow the usual life cycle, there comes a point when the creative potential of a franchise has simply been exhausted. You notice it when plots deteriorate, storytelling is no longer "tight" and compelling, scene setups become lazy, production values are scaled down, old ideas, even some old scenes and footage are recycled, and lead actors who ultimately only saw a series as a springboard to further their own career become increasingly absent. The rats are leaving the sinking ship.		Miami Vice had been burning the candle at both ends, it used to be a tour de force of new things, new ideas and innovative television programming for its first two, maybe three seasons. It was the hottest thing on television at that brief moment that was the mid-80s. By season three, Michael Mann, whose style and obsession with detail defined the first two seasons, had turned the show over to Dick Wolf, who followed a very different approach and took the series into a whole different direction than the glittering document of 80s pop (and drug) culture that Michael Mann had created. This was ill-fated right out the gate, as declining ratings proved very early on midway through season three. Season four tried to revive Vice's old magic and return the show to its former glory, but it failed, and eventually, the producers stopped bothering. Instead, season 5 just killed its time until the two-hour finale. This was sometimes more obvious, sometimes less obvious, but its whole vibe which had turned yet more dark and cynical had very little, if anything to do with what had once earned Miami Vice a massive fan following. Even the most loyal fans were no longer tuning in. Including me.		At least by y season 4, on top of its own deteriorating quality, Miami Vice was also beginning to have to chase the competiton of new, similarly big-budget television shows, and the following year, its makers didn't even care anymore that they were so far behind the curve they couldn't even see it. I guess that's the point about fashion - one minute you create a trend, then that trend gets a following and you're riding high, but if you're not careful, before you know it, fashion will have moved on and you will just look out of place. Bad production decisions aside, season 5 was simply when the premise of two undercover cops in expensive clothing and a Ferrari chasing the bad guys all over Miami had been worn so threadbare that it seemed about as unfashionable as your dad's favorite coat from five years ago.		For what it is, some season 5 episodes really aren't all that bad. Somebody who has never seen a single Miami Vice episode before would maybe even say that the dark atmosphere of season 5 has its share of things going for it. But this is Miami, pal. A dark, broody mood, tone and atmosphere like that of season 5 just doesn't suit a tropical seacoast paradise like Miami. At least not when it's for the whole 46 minutes of an episode's run and not interspersed with even a dash of lightness and comical moments and characters, all of which had brought a bit of the good life to Miami Vice that could so easily be had in southern Florida. What season 5 did to all that made about as much sense as if you had moved Baywatch to Alaska.		For the sake of completing your Miami Vice collection, go ahead and buy this box set. For a look at how it all went wrong and if you've got nothing better to do with your money, also buy it. But if you've bought season 1 and 2, even season 3, and are hoping to get the same all-around entertainment value out of season 5, you will be disappointed.
1,Let me begin by saying, that if I could sell this DVD on this site, or any other auction site, and make enough to wipe away my profound disappointment in this film, I would do it. In a heartbeat. And one of the main reasons I do feel this way, is because I expected that if Sean Cunningham would involve himself in another one of these movies, after doing such a brilliant job with the first film, that I was about to see something that would make up for the slow decline of the movie series, over the years.		I have seen excuses for this movie, all over the internet, one of the main ones being that it is not supposed to be a follow up to the events that happened in 'Friday the 13th: Jason Goes To New York'. I didn't know that when I watched this, but it is not an unforgivable faux pas.		However, the rest of this film is.		Friday the 13th: Jason Goes to Hell, veers off into a completely different and unimaginative direction. Gone is the undead killer, skulking around Crystal Lake, looking to kill anyone and anything that he feels needs killing. No careless teens running amok, boozing it up and having wild sex in places no decent person would.  Also missing was the feeling that Jason's prey was trapped in one particular area of the lake.		What replaced all of that, was the equivalent of some sort of voodoo/demonic possession movie. Jason possessed people, drove cars, moved around the small town and killed whomever happened to be standing next to the person he was now in. What does 'hell' have to do with the movie? Eventually, Jason regains his body and is pulled down to hell by graspy, paper mache looking claws.		I would never tell anyone to not see this movie, especially if they have seen every other film in this series because despite claims of otherwise, I do believe it is part of the film series as a whole. I will suggest, however, that people rent it or even get it from their local library.
1,Don't waste your time.  I would give this no stars if I could.  The story line is bad.  The acting is bad.  Everything is bad!!!!
1,This DVD is so nutty I have to post a review to warn anyone hoping it will be an interesting and insightful documentary.		First, I purchased my copy of this DVD using my credits on PaperBackSwap, and not from Amazon, so that's why it doesn't say "Amazon Verified Purchase" on my review.		I purchased this DVD hoping it was the same as the Bob Brier program about the Three Kings that aired on The Learning Channel (or it might have been the Discover Channel, I don't remember) years ago. It is NOT the same program.		In this Rick Larson DVD, the majority of the DVD is Mr. Larson lecturing a room of students (I can only suppose they are students, or extras) about his various crackpot theories about the Three Wise Men and the Star of Bethlehem.		He actually states at one point that he thinks the Three Wise Men must have been Jews from a Persian community of Jewish people still living in exile, since (his words!) who would worship a Jewish king except Jews. This is absolutely the most absurd thing I've EVER heard.		First century Jews absolutely NEVER worshiped men as gods. This is one of the problems they had with the Roman Empire, because the Romans wanted all their subjects to worship Caesar as a god. The Jews refused to do this. Anyone with even a rudimentary familiarity with the Bible would already know this!!!!!		Rick Larson's presentation and lecture style is circuitous, disjointed and jarring. I actually wonder if he's bipolar, and he went off his meds while filming this documentary? He doesn't so much lecture as he *raves*. As in: a stark, raving lunatic.		I'm a mainline protestant (Methodist) and a common-sense, sensible person. I would NEVER recommend this DVD to anyone. I especially do not recommend it to Christians, as it will give you only very distorted and inconsistent information about the Star of Bethlehem. If you use this DVD to share your faith with others, it will make you look stupid.		Purchase this DVD at your peril. Seek out the Bob Brier program instead, if it is available anywhere on DVD. It was one of the 3 episodes of "The Mummy Detective" that aired in 2004.
1,Now I realize that this program is from the 80's, but the picture quality is very poor. Is there any way to enhance the images?
1,This movie just fell flat for me. At the beginning I was intrigued, but with a half hour to go I was actually falling asleep. Correction: I did fall asleep for a minute or two I was so bored. The whole movie can be summed up as stupid and pointless with bad acting. Maybe with different actors and more details it could've been better. I wouldn't recommend watching.
1,This is a film about making a slasher film in the woods. The regular photography is supplemented with hand-held cameras to remind us how bad these type of films can be. The plot also includes a battle of good vs. evil as the monsters are really hell hounds.		The dialogue was better than normal with some humor injected into the script. The director was of the "Ed Wood" variety.		Parental Guidance: F-bomb, sex, nudity (Jacqui Holland)
1,Season 4 is where the Cosby Show "jumps the shark" and loses its focus.  A show where the dad was determined to maintain his authority (along with his wife) in order to teach the kids turns into a bad version of The Brady Bunch.		The character of Rudy, so cute in Season 1, and a little cute in Season 2, is more annoying (in a bratty, precocious sort of way) than anything else in Season 4.  Denise is gone (spun off to Different World, but also out of the cast because actress Lisa Bonet had lost favor with Cosby himself, and rightly so); Theo has finally grown out of his cracked voice funniness and is not yet funny as a man; the underused and underappreciated subtlety of Vanessa has been replaced by a misguided attempt at glamorizing her character; and extremely funny Elvin with the passable Sondra are consistently underused.		One example says it all for me:  In "Home for the Weekend," Denise basically stiffs her family to hang out and party all night long with friends.  Instead of the parents pulling rank as they always do and teaching Denise that she still owes her family loyalty and time, they do a sitcom prank of ignoring her, then avoid any confrontation at all by giving in.  The writing is thin this time around, perhaps because several of the creative staff were either shifted to or doubling up on Different World.  There's not nearly enough of Cliff and Claire as a couple, always a great feature.  And Cliff and his father need to be in more episodes together.		Formula plots the show did well before are full of missed opportunities.  And the show seems to let Theo show off his body inappropriately in one episode (what on earth is he doing in a towel (no pants!) with two older women in "Water Works"?  And why doesn't Cliff come down harder on him for it?  The firm and benign teaching we counted on from Cliff and Claire is replaced by silly sitcom banter.		I don't remember later seasons all that well, but I hope they found their way back to the things that made the show great--the parenting, Cliff and Claire, the extended family, and Vanessa and Theo being funny, but maybe those two hit the child actor wall this year and didn't get it back.  Rudy is beyond saving by Season 4--why is she so relentlessly bratty?  Vanessa and Theo are my favorite kids, and while Theo tries to show some range in Season 4, it doesn't always work.  Plus, just give me more Cosby doing his shtick!		Also, two episodes given over to guest stars just don't work--one with Bill Irwin (an entire show set in a broken down vaudeville revue) and one called "Drum Major."  What were they thinking?		I do recall there's more with Elvin and Sondra later, and Elvin is just plain funny, so let's look out for those in the future.  Shows with kids as stars are hard to keep fresh when the kids change and lose their cuteness, and that's what seems to be happening here.  Too bad--but Seasons 1 and 2 are still great fun, along with most of Season 3 (although the absence of Claire for one-third of the episodes due to Phylicia Rashad's maternity situation really hurt Season 3).		As for the lack of extras, that's been a consistent failing of the DVDs of this show, and it's probably not going to change.  Why there were no commentaries from the cast at any point in this DVD series, and zero participation from Dr. Cosby or Ms. Rashad would be interesting to learn, but I'm guessing it's cheapness on the distribution end, something which has plagued many other DVD sets of quality shows.
1,Trailer better than complete movie.
1,If you want to watch people drive one direction and then drive back again, with an assortment of stunt performances, than this is the movie for you.  If you care at all about plot, story, dialogue, or acting... Then don't waste your time.	Too good actors (Tom Hardy & Charlize Theron) delivering incredibly disappointing characters, with accents no logic can explain.	Basically no point for this movie unless you want to watch crashes and explosions that are not even that impressive.
1,What do you get when you pair a theme park with overtones of the Matrix?...	Pure Crap.	I'm sorry, but anyone who gave this anything more than one star has lost all credibility.
1,too bloody for me.
1,Sit in a darkened room for an hour and a half and you will experience the same thrills and scares found in this film. Nothing at all happens.
1,And apparently I am not the only one who thinks this.  What a disappointment this Documentary was.  I was so excited when I heard t my favorite band was getting the full works treatment with commentary by the band themselves.  There are so many things to gripe about with this Bio that I don't really know where to begin.  First off, it was repetitive and may have been slightly interesting for someone who knows nothing about the band.  lets face it though, this should have been geared toward the die hard fans like myself who would have appreciated some knew insights or reflections of the band.  What we get is talking heads telling us things any fan has heard a million times.  I understand that they can reinvent there story , however, they could have focused a bit more on the albums themselves and there thoughts and feelings about said albums as well as there thoughts about there place in the history of music.  I mean come on, these guys are the God's of prog!  This brings me to my next point of disdain, the era of genesis that gets the most coverage is the mid eighties Genesis, uuuhg!  I cannot believe how they brushed over an album like Selling England By The Pound and and go into full length commentary on not only Phil's solo career, but there mediocre releases in the mid eighties and early nineties.  There is seriously an entire quarter of this documentary devoted to this era alone!  What were they thinking!!!!  Anyway, us fans still have the Genesis bio that came out in the early nineties to remember.  It is far superior.  Why the heck won't they release that on DVD!
1,It's unfortunate that the same standard for plagiarism does not apply to ideas stolen from film as it does to those taken from written works and music. If it were, we might see more originality on the screen. As it is, we'll have to endure movies like this, a laughable shoot-'em-up, which is little more than action takes linked together with crude versions of scenes lifted primarily from the movie "Heat."  Filling in the remaining gaps is either what's been pilfered from other cops and robbers flicks or some sub-standard writing, like the foolish subplots that lead to nowhere.		Takers is supposed to portray a group of experienced thieves who plan their capers well and execute them with precision (not unlike those in "Heat"), but it's hard to believe that this particular crew would be capable of robbing $5 from a 7-Eleven at 3 am in the morning (even with the improbable assistance of a passing TV news helicopter!).  The minimal dialogue is trite, while the director takes us on a predictable ride, featuring fights and shaky-camera chases through (familiar) L.A. locations, inevitably leading to the "big job," an armored car heist, which prompts a fiery gun battle with security guards and police. To round out the gangster panorama, there's an encounter involving Russian mobsters who have figured in a double cross.		For their part, the attractive male cast make the teen-age girls in the audience swoon and cry, but they otherwise catch our notice only in how well their cardboard acting performances fit the one-dimensional characters that the empty script provides. That includes what Matt Dillon apparently phoned in as the burned-out, over aggressive, veteran detective.		In the end, Takers is an attempt to recycle what's found in better movies of the genre, and contains few moments that rise above the elemental level. Action may keep the pace moving, but it is no substitute for development nor is style for substance.
1,Did not like it, too dark.
1,The original Australian theatrical release of "Wild at heart" stated with a short scene where Nicholas Cage is seen having sex with Laura Dern's mother in a toilet cubicle. This scene has been excised from the Region 4 DVD and instead the film starts with an unsubstantiated accusation of this, just before the fight.		If your copy is missing this scene, it is cut.
1,This is another movie that was a waste of my money.
1,Abysmal, ugly, racist crap!  Don't waste your time.  Deliberately and pointedly offensive to women, blacks, and thinking people in general.  I once read that many actors are just one step above prostitutes.  At the time, I thought that was a harsh analogy, but now I get it!  If this is an example of what passes for cinema in the U.S., then it's easy to see why this country has slipped so far.  I am boycotting Macy and Mantegna for lending themselves to this effrontery!
1,Interesting at first, but felt that it was just depressing only watch 2 episodes. And for me I felt I could of been doing something better with my time.
1,I can't say I am an expert on Horror Films, but this one really missed the mark. Please understand the SPOOKINESS has been TOTALLY removed. The tortures cleaned up with hidden camera angles and blurry shots and one a little silly.. This is not the 4 or 5 star sequel of the original Hannibal. My daughter is a Amazon Prime member and so she buys me many good videos. The fact that this did not reach the big screen is proof that it flopped. Sorry but true. Of the many hundreds of reviews I have written, and videos rented or purchased, I believe this is only the 8th video to get a "no buy one star review". Trust me AMAZON has many many super videos. Check out "Burn Notice" and "Homeland", while not spooky they are worth buying or at least renting the series.
1,Didn't like
1,This is Barbra Striesand's best comedy!	Columbia Home Video has finely introduced this classic onto DVD but they forgot a few major key DVD laws!	1 . If no extras can be included then at least add the theatrical trailer!	and the biggest DVD law! 2. Include an UNCUT version of a film as it was originally intended by the film maker!	When this film was originally released back in 1970 it was stamped with an 'R' rating then in it's re-release in 1972 they had re-cut the film down to a 'PG' rating.		This DVD contains the 'PG' version! while watching this version you'll notice where the cuts were made.	This DVD includes a two page booklet that states how the film was cut in the 70's including language and a scene revealing a topless "Funny Girl". It then states how the profanity was restored in 1999 for a re-release but without the nude Barbra because it was destroyed in the 70's. Well I hate to tell Columbia but this film isn't restored and is lacking a very funny moment in the original film.	 One scene is when Streisand and Segal are walking down a city street talking and a car of guys starts following them yelling out insults, then Streisand walks over to them to tell them to	"F@&# OFF!"(cut out dialog) followed by these guys chasing them. This scene was so badly edited that it ends up making no sense.	There was a television version of the film that contained the whole scene intact with muting out the four letter word.	As far as the picture quality it is very good but if you're a fan of the movie i'm sure you'll be upset as well as i am with this hacked up verson.	Why did columbia home video do this??		UPDATE		3-06	Amazon has this DVD listed as being rated 'R' this is incorrect and this needs to be corrected so it doesn't confuse people or Amazon will be receiving a lot of returns.		7-30-07		Now Amazon has this movie listed as being unrated? This is a PG version of an original "R" rated movie!		*Update 10-12-10		I can't believe It's been about 10 years since this butchered version had been in circulation and STILL! hasn't been pulled or properly restored and released! Are Sony kidding us? really disgraceful!	I really think they owe all that bought this a replacement....10 years late but still. I want to see the version I remember and love before I drop dead from old age.		Amazon has changed the ratting to 'PG' finally.
1,.		On Netflix this film garnered 2 stars. I don't know why it got 4 stars here.		Not scary; hokey, trite, worn out, and boring. The protagonist staggers from bad scene to next bad scene with me not caring or liking anything about her un-endearing misery and constant vomiting. Had she been male I'm certain the director would have included the requisite urinal scene to fill the time in.		 Also the boyfriend is annoying.		There is NOTHING in this film you have not seen before in much better and scarier films. I didn't like it but maybe you will.		I recommend a miss, if you're borderline on this one.		.
1,Steven (Matthew McConaughey) and Lucy (Kate Beckinsale) are an engaged couple who seem to have the perfect relationship. The only problem is that when Steven goes out at night he won't tell Lucy where he's going. Turns out he's going to Little People Conventions since his entire family, except for himself, are dwarfs. Meanwhile, Steven's twin brother Rolfe (Gary Oldman) is on a motorcycle trip with his best friend Maurice (Peter Dinklage). The trip comes to an abrupt end when Maurice picks up a hippy prostitute (Patricia Arquette). Tiring of the noise, Rolfe decides to pay an ex-girlfriend (Bridget Powerz) a visit. Things don't go according to plan and Rolfe gets badly beaten by her current lover. Hoping to recuperate at his big brother's he instead discovers Lucy who eventually learns about everything Steven has been keeping from her. Lucy is pissed at first but with a little open mindedness she begins to accept Rolfe and the rest of Steven's family. When she becomes pregnant Steven fears their child will be born a dwarf and loses his mind. His subsequent actions are shocking and devastating to his family. The film is  strange partly because of it's handling of dwarfism but mainly because the intended comedy isn't funny. Thankfully the filmmakers don't make fun of little people but show them in a positive light not seen on film before. I assume we're supposed to laugh at the sight of Arquette as a New Age nut or at Dinklage as a murderous Frenchman but I didn't. It's not funny it's distracting. They're both fine actors but rather than add anything to the film they take away from it. This is a nice role for Oldman since he gets to show off his tender and vulnerable side. Rolfe is a heartbreaking character who longs to be accepted by his big brother but instead finds comfort in Lucy. David Lynch regular Michael J. Anderson is also given a wonderful opportunity to show a different side of himself playing Rolfe and Steven's proud papa. I really  hated the ending, but then again I can't say I liked anything that preceded it. There's a reason this is a Matthew McConaughey/Kate Beckinsale movie you've never heard of.
1,This movie turned out to be actually too bleak, dreary, depressing.  It actually kinda does depict things as they would be-but so much so that it's hard to watch.  It's so bleak that you think, why am I watching this ?  So, I started fast forwarding through some chunks.  And the ending - won't give it away, but just adds to the unwatchable bleakness.  I'd never watch this again or recommend it unless you feel like making yourself depressed.  And why do 90% of the people in post-apocalyptic movies have to be cannibals ?
1,I've been an off and on fan of Tolkien for 40 years, but rereading The Lord of the  Rings in recent years, I was even more pleased with the movies, where Peter Jackson took a somewhat wordy tome and streamlined, condensed, and actually improved the narrative.	I was really wanting to like The Hobbit movie, but I hardly recognized the book in it. Yes, the story line is the same, but there are the introduction of new subplots, episodes that were done so much more charmingly in the book, and an essentially pompous, unlikable Bilbo Baggins (he was pompous but sweet in the book). For my taste, there is way too much mindless spectacle and action, and too little of the book's humor that endowed the dwarfs and hobbit with charm.	A bloated effort, and I don't know if I will bother to watch the sequels.
1,(1.) I figured out why Hoffman (Harvey) seems to always be in movies about dysfunctional males. In fact, he's now typecast to do similar voiceovers in children's animations. It's because when the cliched story is old and tiresome you need someone who is a natural sounding bumbling character. That makes the movie and character believable and thus easier to swallow.	(2.) The movie as a whole is one unrealistic scene after another that includes Harvey in a parking garage where a phone call from his boss says he lost his job; he lost the love of his wife and older daughter for reasons not clear; he makes everyday decision mistake after mistake as the movie plods on. And Emma, an attractive, engaging, intelligent middle age woman has never had a serious relationship - sure! It's difficult to have any empathy for a story about misfortune that reads like a cheap romance novelette. You keep waiting for some unique and interesting development to occur to mark it as different from all the similar movies but you keep waiting and waiting while the slowly evolving improbable chain of events unfold and the  monologues continue to be simplistic and predictable. OK, there is the predictable feel good ending.
1,Very badly done. I did not bother to see this movie at all and I need to get reimbursed immediately. Thank you.
1,i had an interesting epiphany recently. a couple weeks ago, i reviewed the largely below-par film adapation of Kurt Vonnegut's book BREAKFAST OF CHAMPIONS...which i enjoyed just enough about to ultimately recommend, however tentatively. well, it's been suggested to me that, in light of the fact that i'm an admirer of Vonnegut and that BREAKFAST is easily my favorite of his books, maybe i went into the matter already determined to forgive whatever misfires i might find myself faced with. i was beginning to think the person in question might've had a point, but then it turned out i wasn't a practicioner of such bias after all. my memory had the raw nerve to dredge back to the surface a film which took someone i was even more obsessed with than Vonnegut, and reduced their work to something that made LAST ACTION HERO look like CASABLANCA.	i've absolutely adored and worshiped The Beatles for as long as i can remember, and with an intensity not unlike the one i've already mentioned toward Sherlock Holmes. (the observant reader will note that my Amazon-requested psuedonym is an amalgam of two of the most familiar (as well as best) Fab Four titles.) so i quite like the idea of a theatrical showcase for such characters as Billy Shears, Mr. Kite, and Dr. Maxwell Edison. but quite frankly, this film couldn't of been a bigger mess if Ed Wood had directed it.	the oddest thing is that, in every area other than the music, the film almost seems to be trying to distance itself from The Beatles. the band hails from a rural farming community in the American midwest, which resembles Liverpool about as much as Mars resembles Paris. to say nothing of the fact that three-fourths of the band being brothers reflects not the "real deal," but the film's ersatz would-be Beatles, the Bee-Gees!! I mean, honestly.	#1 on the list of things i would've done differently is the treatment of the music. they use a very narrow selection of material culled cheifly from the SGT. PEPPER and ABBEY ROAD albums. two of their best albums, i agree - ABBEY ROAD is my very favorite Beatles album - but look what they missed. several entire albums - A HARD DAY'S NIGHT for instance, and THE BEATLES [aka "The White Album"] - are completely snubbed. "Hey Jude," "Day Tripper," "Yesterday," "Penny Lane," "While My Guitar Gently Weeps," "Eleanor Rigby," "I Am The Walrus," "Let It Be," "Yellow Submarine," "Revolution," "Something," and "Back In The U.S.S.R." are only a few of the indispensible classics they just couldn't accomodate. yet incredibly, the single worst song in the entire Beatles catalog, "Strawberry Fields Forever," somehow made the cut.	but as it turns out that's a texbook blessing-in-disguise, because they made another mistake in making the time-frame contemporary, so what songs they do use are, as a rule, heavily disco'd up. i want to hear the disco version of "Hey Jude" only slightly more than i'd like to undergo a root-canal with no nitrus-oxide.	the story (such as it is) concerns some abstract, unspecified crisis for Humanity, initiated when the instruments used by the original Sgt. Pepper and his band to end World War I (don't ask how because they don't even try to explain) are pilfered from his hometown museum. the new Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band, led by The Sarge's grandson, have to put a (finally) thriving career in the business on-hold to recover them. the villain(s) are repeatedly identified with the initials F.V.B., which turns out to mean Future Villain Band. there's something truly poignant about the fact that Aerosmith, in the role of the malevolent combo, deliver the film's musical highlight in their rendition of "Come Together."	i forced myself to watch the film a couple dozen times or so simply because i liked the sentiment. it was no mean feat, after all, for The Beatles to bring dimension to a sketchy new brand music which was, at the time, little more than this curious, unrefined bastard child of blues and country. they brought style and focus, they made rock & roll rock & roll, to use the cliche'. (they pretty much invented music, if you want my opinion. even if you don't, they still did.) so they certainly deserve the sort of tribute the concept was intended as. many's the afternoon and/or night i spent analyzing the premise molecule by molecule, desperate to find some angle that could've salvaged it. well, as i've already stated, what broke my heart most is the vast number of truly fabulous Beatles songs they missed. but alas, i can't say that including those ditties would've made the story any stronger or the futile attempts at acting any less laughable.	although it has to be said, it's an interesting irony that there've been quite a few similar projects in recent years which did the same for lesser luminaries - MAMA MIA! for Abba, AMERICAN IDIOT for Green Day - which are actually considered pieces of quality theatre as well as hits. why couldn't the single greatest act in music history pull that off? can't you ask me something easier to answer, like why the sky is blue?		[NOTE: it's been about six months since i wrote this review. i recently saw a fabulous film called ACROSS THE UNIVERSE. this masterful cinematic opus aims for and attains the majestic grandeur of which SGT. PEPPER'S so visibly falls flat on it's ass in fruitless pursuit. so my last paragraph was in error: there was an equivalent of MAMA MIA! to be found in the realm of The Beatles after all.	granted there are still a few favorites to lament the lack of ("Yesterday," "Yellow Submarine," "Penny Lane"), but of course if they used every highlight they'd end up with a 10 hour movie. (one could ask, what's their excuse for again using "Strawberry Fields Forever" in spite of the fact that it is the single weakest song in the entire Beatles catalogue? but this time that is the one and only blemish.)	maybe that's all i really needed to say in my review in the first place: run like hell from SGT. PEPPER'S and see ACROSS THE UNIVERSE instead. that's the one by which Lennon and McCartney would be flattered.	although that being said, i must say that i still quite like the SGT. PEPPER'S concept of a story about the Beatles' characters, and dare to hope someone can do the premise justice someday.]
1,It was really bad
1,PAPARAZZI is junk, pure and simple. I had to sit through this movie as a staff writer for the Rutgers University newspaper, and while I suppose it's not absolutely awful---the premise is admittedly a juicy one, and as Bo Laramie (Cole Hauser) takes his revenge on his paparazzi antagonists, the movie does faintly satisfy on strictly a guilty-pleasure level---there is a good reason why Warner Brothers declined to screen it for critics when it was initially released. It is not only bland and generic as an action movie; it is also pretty reprehensible in its implication that celebrities have a license to go above the law and ruin the lives of paparazzi members in the same way that, the film suggests, paparazzi can sometimes ruin celebrities' lives. Mel Gibson, like it or not, the paparazzi, in their own pushy way, are basically doing their jobs, feeding on the national appetite for celebrity news. Either deal with it---as New York athletes do everyday with the demanding New York press and fans---or go back to your mansion and torture yourself some more. This is the kind of bad movie that almost makes you wish home video formats had never been invented, so trash like this could simply die the death.
1,While Clint Eastwood struggles to find cinematic identity in the post Spaghetti Western and pre-Dirty Harry times, the movie goer is  forced to endure a number of incarnations, notably  the Good (Play Misty for Me), the  Bad (Where Eagles Dare), and the Ugly (The Eiger Sanction).	Actually  Dirty Harry had been released before any of these films, but I couldn't  resist.	Another poorly adapted (nee Where Eagles Dare) novel, this film  would serve as only marginal TV-movie fare today. With supporting stars  George Kennedy and Jack Cassidy, this big screen version feels much like a  TV-movie anyway.	Beautiful Swiss landscapes can't prop up a weak  whodunit, diluted even further by time-capsuled character types and sexual  innuendo.	There are probably 40 better Eastwood movies than this one.
1,Whats it about?		Elite con-man Nicky (Will Smith) agrees to tutor Jess (Margot Robbie) on the ways of deception and money-making, beginning an affair in New York that brings them hurtling back together years later in Argentina.		What did I think?		Smith and Robbie are exactly the charismatic couple you want, and its easy to watch them pull off big steals together in grand locales such as Buenos Aires and the American Super Bowl. Its less easy to remember the plot, not because its too complicated but because the constant lies and illusions fail to distract from the fact that they're playing uninteresting characters. Its sort of funny, sort of pretty, but in the end sort of not very good.
1,THIS MOVIE DID NOT AGE WELL. OR, WAS IT JUST A LOUSY, ENIGMATIC MOVIE TO BEGIN WITH? I REMEMBERED IT BEING BETTER, BUT  ...
1,Not good
1,With all due respect, I simply do not understand why this movie had to be remade at all, let alone be based around an all African American cast? What was the purpose of this, and what did it serve? Steel Magnolias (1989) is a true American classic film, that I can watch over and over again. Somethings should be left alone. What's that old saying, "If it's not broken, don't fix it!"		This new film did serve up an ok cast, but our leads can't hold a candle to our original actress' from the original film. The dramatic scenes with Queen Latifah are almost hard to watch, and I mean that as a bad thing. Also, the actress playing our new "Shelby" was a total train wreck. I didn't care for her at all, and I found it very hard to feel sorry for her in her final moments on screen. This new "remake" felt uneven in a lot of different areas and didn't translate well to the small screen.		If you want to watch Steel Magnolias, watch the original film from 1989. That movie has an all star cast, and even served up an Oscar nominated performance by Julia Roberts as "Shelby." In my opinion, this movie should have never been remade. It mostly just makes me angry.		If this is a sign of what "About Last Night..." will be like and the Jay Z produced "Annie" remake.. maybe someone should quit while they're ahead..
1,In spite of a good cast and decent technical production values, "To End All Wars" seemed an endless torture fest, interlacing brutish sequences of POW camp violence with heavy-handed Christian allegory. On both scores, the film has all the nuance of a sledge hammer, and ultimately feels both over-blown and over-bearing. After viewing "The Passion," then this, I'm prompted to wonder what is it about sadism that gets "Christian" film makers so turned on?  For a real movie on the POW experience in WWII Japanese war camps, stick with "Bridge on the River Kwai," of which "To End All Wars" is but an inferior imitation.
1,It was good when I was around 5 years old but now that I see it at age 33......its awful lol....im like *why did I ever like this* lol
1,Snow Girl and the Dark Crystal is an adventure about  demon hunter Zhong Kui, whose specialty is vanquishing ghost-like entities. Hes the Chinese mythological equivalent of an exorcist. In a mission overseen by his mentor, master Zhang, Zhong flees with the Dark Crystal, an object said to contain the spirits of all mortals. This theft is engineered to prevent hells soldiers from invading the living world. Zhang helps Zhong develop the ability to shape shift into a powerful ogre, which reveals Zhongs darker, inner being.		Little Snow is a femme fatale from the netherworld who appears in the guise of lead performer of a female dance troupe. She stirs Zhongs memories of a one-time relationship when he was a handsome scholar studying for an examination that would propel him toward power. Shown in flashback, these scenes show that Zhong cynically traded in a bright future because of a lost love. Even though Zhong recognizes Little Snow to be a demon, he is nonetheless smitten with her.		The movie is extremely ambitious, as it combines an elaborate fantasy action epic with a doomed romance. Lots of screen time is devoted to Zhangs constant shepherding of Zhong as he attempts to master his inhuman powers to become the ultimate warrior. Loaded with CGI effects, the picture delivers in the area of spectacle while establishing the fantastical backdrop for its action. Most female characters are portrayed as temptresses who use their beauty and physical attributes to cloud mens minds and control them  a popular aspect of Chinese fantasy. The film is in Mandarin, with English subtitles.		Bonus extras on the Blu-ray release include a behind-the-scenes making-of  featurette and a theatrical trailer.
1,Pretty predictable storyline.
1,They changed the entire plot and story. Bilbo didn't kill until the spiders in the book - his entire character is wrong in the movie. In the book his biggest antagonist was learning detachment from his comforts at home and what he knows. This movie took a wonderful book and added a demonic/satanic character that hunts the company and changes the feel (PLOT!) of the entire story. This movie is just another duke it out good vs. evil hollywood action with a lot of stupid added plots that prolong the story. I am disappointed and wish it had never been made and that I had never seen it. I guess society is becoming so numb to violence that hollywood has  glorify it in everything...
1,For some reason it keeps your attention or it did mine anyway. I just thought it was a bad movie with bad acting. I guess it was so bad it was funny.
1,I'm a black male in my late 20's. I watched this in the theater. I really wanted to like this movie and it had the potential to be a good movie, but it was too melodramatic and stereotypical.		I didn't like the way that they portrayed Oher as basically being illiterate before he met the Tuohy's. I appreciate the fact that they took him in, but the movie made it seem like before they adopted him, he was reading on a 3rd grade level. That's just wrong.		They bought him a SUV that he proceeded to wreck when he let himself get distracted. The kid was in the car with him. Instead of chastising him for being irresponsible, they praised his "protective instincts." WTF?		The most ridiculous scene in the movie was when Sandra Bullock's character taught him how to play football. All of those coaches were there and he needed his step-mom to show him how to play football? (and based on Michael Oher's real autobiography, this was factually incorrect)		There was no gray area in the movie. Every character was either good or bad. The NCAA people who accused the Tuohy's of being boosters were bad. The all-white football team who played Michael Oher's team were also bad and made the predictable racist comments. Sandra Bullock's former gal pals were more subtle in their racism.		Another ridiculous scene was when Sandra Bullock went to the projects to look for Michael and then confronted that drug dealer. Some petite, blonde white woman is really going to stand up to a drug dealer?		This is an interesting movie, but I really wish they stuck to the actual story that occurred instead of trying to dramatize it. I also wish that they didn't portray blacks as ignorant thugs.
1,Disappointed. Love Dawn French, but this was just plain boring. Did not watch entire series.
1,Season 4 was the year when half of the original ensemble had been deleted... and it was also the yeat when the Sliders began the Kromagg arc (which lasted almost the entire season if my memory is correct.)		It's difficult to discern which of these elements did the most damage to Sliders: lower production budgets; weak scripts; loss of two strong cast members. Since I have not ever watched "Babylon 5" my knowledge of their season long story arcs is nil, but ST Enterprise had a great one with the season 4 "Xindi" arc. Unfortunately, while the concept of the Kromaggs was solid, the endingly similar sets and plots killed any potential that might have existed. Budgets could have limited the sets and constrained the scripts.		About half the acting talent was gone - or rendered mute - in this season. Jerry O'Connell was and is a powerful acting talent... probably near the same level as the younger Val Kilmer (before he became too much of a 'star' to get the better roles.)		It became a struggle to watch this season and when JOC left, impossible.		But, by then, Sabrina Lloyd was on "Sports Night" so there were compensations.
1,Mediocre acting, perhaps miscast.  Odd story, somewhat over the top, but you might enjoy the old-fashioned romp.  Could be that tastes have radically changed in terms of what makes for a good film.
1,Faster than a speeding bullet, more powerfull than a locomotive, able to do the most invinceble way out things ever. No bullet can hit this man, yet he never misses. Look up on the screen, is it a bird , is it a plane not its Supercruise.		What a load of rubbish and waste of time this movie was.
1,Not really that good or engaging at all... I enjoyed The Devil's Rejects and House of 1,000 Corpses, but this movie is ridiculously sloppy and inconsistent.
1,Poor acting.  Poor story line.  Poor premise.
1,I liked his other movies but I couldn't sit through this one one to three four five six seven eight
1,i could not get this DVD to play more than 8 min.  that is playing from the beginning of the intro and a few min into the workout.  I could not even pick a chapter to play, it kept bringing me back to the start up menu.  made me sad, i really like her workouts, that is why i gave it 2 stars not one.
1,Pola X is beautifully filmed and well made, but that's about it.  You don't feel anything for the characters, no matter how good the actors are and no matter how hard the director tries to get the viewer involved.  This movie is a complete mess and even that explicit love scene can't make up for it.  Pass this one by!
1,One of the worst movies I've ever seen. The script is inane, the acting, the little there is of it, is horrible, and even the special effects just aren't that good.  Terrible
1,While the reissue of the series issue well restored the actual distribution of the series has been poorly handled again creating a giant vacuum on set 4 and 5 while all the others can easily be obtained at an affordable price. A mistake somewhere on Viz Videos part has made 4 and 5 an easy burn on the fan with very limited copy available for purchase unless you are willing to pay upwards of 200 $ for each season. Too bad that they can not make smart business moves.
1,You need a ZERO star rating for this heap.  It's total TRASH.  It's a camcorder homemade piece of stank.  I couldn't even watch the entire thing, I had to FF through with my DVD remote.  I was so disappointed.  Oh, and don't think for a second you're getting T & A or a girl that looks anywhere near the one on the DVD cover, cuz YOU'RE NOT!!  I'm glad I picked this up for 3.00 from my local store in the clearance.  Even so, I wish I'd spent the 3.00 on some candy.  JUNK!
1,With the exception of Dexter, this movie has the worst ending ever! Save your money, watch the trailer as that is pretty much the entire movie. It gets two stars from me only because I like Kevin Bacon.
1,Well Amazing Spider-Man 2 was better than the previous one but it's still a convoluted mess and too over melodramatic for no reason. It suffers from Spider-Man 3 syndrome combined with Batman Forever corny-ness. It was borderline Batman and Robin. There was too much Peter and Gwen to the point it was bashing it over our heads. We get it, they're meant to be. Jaime Foxx and Paul Giamatti were wasted and they're over the top hammy acting didn't help either. One too many actors did terrible over the top acting. This felt like a 90's comic book movie which isn't a good thing. The villain arcs were poorly done too. Electro came across a manchild, Rhino was very cheesy and terrible and Harry became the Green Goblin way too quickly. The original score and soundtrack was very annoying too. The first time I didn't like a Hans Zimmer score. It doesn't even come close to Danny Elfman's terrific theme. Some of the music was ill timed and the dubstep theme for Electro was grating on the ears. It's not terrible but not great or "Amazing" either. Andrew Garfield's performance as Spidey/Peter saves it from being a terrible movie. I wish Sony studios would stick to the original source material which would have helped. The problem is Sony and Avi Arad just want to make the Spider-Man universe a cash cow for them. This new reboot series will never come close to being better than Sam Raimi's trilogy, yes including Spider-Man 3.
1,Visually amazing, but pretty boring in the end.
1,Two stars for some of the special effects...but, one star without. The story is jumbled but easy to predict. The "stars" read their lines as if they were ordering hockey tickets by phone and even the "celeb appearances" were lame.  What a waste of two hours (it seemed a lot longer).
1,Very slow going
1,This is a travesty.  Luckily, we had just watched the earlier version with Michael Redgrave, screenplay by Terrence Rattigan (who wrote the play).  The original is amazingly touching, even after all these years, and left us still talking about it.  This piece of dreck turns the story on its head (the teacher is still full of life, the young boy seems like one of the walking dead).  Not only does it ruin the point of the story, it makes no sense in the new version.  Awful.  Avoid.  Watch the first version -- we got ours from our local library.
1,Like Matt Damon but this movie was awful. One of the worst action movies I've seen in along time! The story line sucks balls!
1,The review is of the DVD not the film. The LEGEND DVD release of the 60s classic Kerwin Mathews film is absolute garbage. Image freezes constantly - making it unwatchable. I bought this had an issue so I got a replacement copy thinking it was just that DVD - it's not - it's the same on the replacement - freezes in the same spots which is to say evey minute the image freezes then jumps a few seconds when your DVD player can't figure out what to do. Complete garbage. As always Amazon's insistance on mixing reviews makes it impossible to figure out what's up. and this isn't my player... everything else plays just fine.
1,This movie was all over the place plus my lack of being a fan of Ben's didn't help. Not a very good movie.
1,Forgettable movie.
1,Very mundane and boring and I can't see the humor in the series.  Maybe if I were British!
1,Watch this for some mindless entertainment, but don't expect award winning performances lol
1,The ending never really ties everything up...Beginning of the movie, for about 10 minutes, is so dark that you have a hard time figuring out what's happening...In the end you ask yourself 'how did that ....?'.
1,too slow and dull...very boring
1,Ok movie
1,Please don't waste your time.  There is nothing funny or entertaining about this movie.  The characters have no depth or backstory or commonsense.
1,Carnivore was shot on video, even the DVD has a picture quality of a VHS tape. In fact... was shot on VHS because it sure doesn't even appear to be shot in digital video...	The sound is like a raw mix, you can hardly understand the dialogue most of the time. The acting is so bad that it is just that, B-A-D. The creature (looks like a halloween suit with cheap fake fur) and special effects completely fail. This movie even tries to be funny and again it fails.	I like low-budet "so bad they're good" horror movies, but this film would bore anyone.	This isn't a good "monster movie", it isn't even one of those "so bad it's good" movies. There is not a single thing which is good about Carnivore...P>One last thing to mention, it states that it is Widescreen, Director Commentary, Trailer, Behind The Scenes, etc. It has none of those features it states it has on the back of the DVD box. There are no special features except scene selection, not even a trailer. Very misleading, but i can't imagine anyone wishing to view any additional material for this.
1,Of the four adaptions of the novel by Charlotte Bronte that I have seen this one is my least favorite.  The biggest flaw, for myself, was the casting of the two main characters, in particular Mia Wasikowski as the Jane Eyre.  To begin with, in the novel, Jane Eyre was small in stature.  This is a vital apect to the story as her physical demeanor is in direct opposition to her great principles and strong character.  In this adaption her stature was of medium size and the fact that Dame Judith Densch was so much smaller than she made it even more obvious.  The fact that Michael Fassbinder is a handsome man was less distracting because, in general, most of the actors playing Mr. Rochester were in fact very handsome and he did an adequate job in his portrayal but Ms. Wasikowski kept the same expression on her face the entire film.		Another problem with this adaption was that, as in other adaptions, two hours in not enough time to do full justice to the film.  One of the best and most interesting parts of the novel are the conversations between Jane and Mr. Rochester.  While Jane is not equal to Mr. Rochester in money they are equal in intelligence and in strength of their convictions.  That is what is so appealing to him about Jane.  Although obviously coming from a difficult childhood Jane Eyre refuses to believe she is any less an individual and never feels sorry for past shortcomings.  The conversations are imperative as Mr. Rochester tries time after time to break down Jane's hard exterior to no avail.  In this film there is only one strong dialogue between the two making their ultimate love story less plausible.		I will say give kudos to the cinematography, set direction and costuming as they were all very well done.  The gothic almost ghostlike quality of story was almost achieved.  I did not, as in other adaptions, ever feel put into the hypnotic trance that actually brought me, as the film viewer, to feel swept away to the moors and castles of England in the mid-1800s.		My favorite adaption is the 1983 ten part BBC miniseries starring Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton.  If you have not seen it I would most highly recommend it as the adaption that most mirrors the novel.  I have yet to see any actress play Jane as well as Zelah Clarke.  She is petite yet composed and at times fierce in her convictions.  The fact that the mini-series is great in length does the novel its most justice.  Timothy Dalton was quite young at the time but I believe it is his best work to date.  Although exceedingly handsome his composure is perfect for the role.  Their conversations are the most intense and genuine.  Without continuing to make this review more of promotion for the mini-series I will end by saying that if you want to see the best the adaption of the novel the 2011 one is not it.
1,11/27/16 - Not my cup of tea.  The movie tries too hard to be "quirky, captivating and magical."  They just seem like pretentious people.
1,stupid and sef absorbed
1,Short, no plot, no action very bad acting. This is one of those movies that leaves you hanging and if you blink you have missed the movie. Don't throw away you hard earned money.
1,Shame on the people who produced this POS and shame on Amazon for putting it up. I'm starting to think that Amazon has, as one of its first criteria to adding a movie, is that it must have been rejected by all the other streaming services in the world.
1,goof ball movie	good thing it was in prime
1,The movie is great but the Amazon video is not- blurry- definitely not HD quality- Tried to download but couldnt
1,I was expecting more of jim carey to appear in this, and with the few times he did, it was not that great.
1,The trailer originally attracted us to Upside Down and after watching it we believe it is an odd movie without execution on all the high notes.  On the surface, the concept of two worlds, sharing an atmosphere but separated by a distinct gravity is exciting.  The two worlds are a new concept.  A science fiction lover would appreciate the subtle anarchistic slum of below as a sharp contrast to the perfect distopia of the above world.  The graphics are stunning, and always poetic.  Sharp, mountain vistas give way to an inverted gleaming skyline.  Pay attention to the breathtaking paraselene effect on the summit of the two worlds.		Character development on the other hand is not this movie's strong point.  At first my wife and I thought Kristen Dunst was cast too old for this movie.  My wife suggested Jennifer Lawrence!  After conclusion Kristen Dunst was appropriate for the movie, and that's not a good thing.  Her role as *spoiler* an amnesiac, starry-eyed ex-teenage lover didn't leave anything to act.  We've seen this play before, but never on an inverted stage.  Kristen Dunst used all of her talents, the girl next door gaze, and the adoring smile.  Alas, Eden as a character is one dimensional and a shameful romance novel trope of lover/amnesiac.  She even manages to sneak in the disgusting and derivative "Spiderman kiss" except she is the one who is upside down!  The actor was very good, and played his role as the nerdy, obsessive scientist to the T.		If you're still reading, you must wonder why I am writing this review.  This movie is a warning.  It is a warning to those in Hollywood who would release a genre bending Sci-fi/Romance movie and fail to execute either the romance plotline, or the sci-fi plot to any acceptable resolution.  Give us two, deliver one plot line to a climax, but don't drop both balls!		We have the romance plot starting with 3 strikes against it: Its a flashback driven teenage lusty relationship, amnesia has been done to hell in other movies, and the actress is neither sufficiently beautiful to desire or complicated enough to be interesting.  The entire romance part of this movie was the first 10 minutes in the beginning of the movie, 5 minutes of flashback, and the "kiss in the sunset moment" of the finale. What was the rest of the movie about?		Now as a male, sci-fi lover I am very sad to say the rest of the movie was setting up the glorious inverse worlds.  I love the interesting class warfare undertone, with the oppressed begging to have some justice.  Unfortunately there exists no justice, and as one character puts it "the top side always wins" which was a overt scolding of the audience who expects a glorious revolutionary climax.  Critical plot technology is revealed in the first 10 minutes.  I had expectation of a Deus Ex Machina moment, like Star Trek where Wesley Crusher puts two screws and a tricorder together to save the Enterprise!  Unfortunately while those of us in the audience are expecting the protagonists to use this technology to emancipate the underclass, or at least, give a finger to the man, the protagonists use this technology... to make babies.		To my relief, even the said making of the babies was an off screen conception.  In conclusion, we have an A+ film school class project movie with AAA visuals tied to a boring, been there romance plot and an interesting sci-fi stage.  There are some glimmers of brilliance in the office scenes, especially the subtle references to managerial desk being high above on the ceiling!  The end of the movie leaves so much to be desired, it screams that the producers were banking on a sequel.		Unfortunately their target market of sci-fi lover and and romance lover were highly teased but never satisfied.  For a movie featuring two opposite worlds, it never succeeds in uniting sci-fi lovers with romance junkies.
1,The first movie, Babe, was cute and funny and very Disneyesque.  This bizarre sequel is more like a Fellini film.  It begins with a disturbing nightmarish scene of the farmer (from the original Babe) falling down a well.  Shortly after, it moves the setting to the city.  The animal characters in the city are not cute and cuddly like on the farm.  There are strange and bizarre personalities to most of them.  The imagery is equally bizarre... the use of close-ups and slow motion effects for some of the stranger things makes the oddity more intense.  There is a psychotic pit-bull who consistently tries to kill Babe.  There is a lame Chihuahua using a wheelchair type of wagon to get around.  There is a manic depressive orangutan, and a family of crazy chimps.  Then, there is the clown character (played by Mickey Rooney) who has more sadness in his life than joy.  The whole thing is just so surreal and depressing.	On its own merit, Pig In The City stands as an interesting and unusual movie, especially for fans of Felliniesque films.  But, compared to the predecessor, Babe, this one is like Hell to its previous Heaven.  If you like bizarre movies, you might like this.  But, do not... I repeat... DO NOT let your kids see this one!  It's definitely not a family movie... unless you're the Addams family!
1,Laura Dern's character is painfully delusional. I personally try to avoid people like that in real life and wish I did the same with this show.
1,If it were possible to give this a negative rating, I would.
1,Boring
1,i never bought this but it is in my review list go figure
1,I must get this off my chest. I have purchased at least 7 movies reprinted by Olive Films and every one of these prints are not as good as a good DVD. They charge top dollar for the Blu Ray Olive Films and they are of poor quality, in most cases they look like they copied from a VHS or poor quality DVD and I will not purchase any more Olive Films. I took at least 7 Blu Ray Olive Film movies off of my "Wish List" today. Buyer beware.		Now to High noon, High noon is a wonderful western. I wish they would have used a different leading lady, Grace Kelly was miscast in this film, She was way to young (23) for Cooper and appeared to be lost in the part. Please don't get me wrong, I liked the Princess, but when she played rolls for her age. All in all its a great Gary Cooper western to watch. We all know that Gary Cooper will win the battle at the end but its interesting to watch how he does it.( Remember, Cooper was 51 at the time,9 years later he died) This film is also loaded with familiar faces that have been character actors for many years.
1,This really stinks. Fox's explanation of "it's on tv, it's on the internet, blah blah blah", holds the person who likes to collect items such as this, and say that you own a copy. Their excuse is akin to saying you don't need to buy a book, when you can borrow it from a friend - it's not yours. Please reconsider, and resume the releases for a classic show that deserves to have all of it's episodes available on physical media.
1,The story was falling apart bit by bit as it went on to the point of seeing how ridiculous and unbelievable it could get was more entertaining than the movie itself. And how can you call this a Batman movie when he is only in the movie for 20 minutes at most? It's a 2-hour 40-minute movie which could have easily been cut shorter. And they ruined the Bane character with the final reveal of the mastermind, also the way he was killed just made him look like a joke. The fight scenes are some of the worst choreography I've ever seen in a major blockbuster. Don't get me wrong, it has some great scenes like the first face-off between Bane and Batman, how Brcue Wayne eventually climbs out of the pit. The score was loud and really gave the movie an epic feel. Anne Hathaway's Selena was the standout character, very cool and sexy. But all these cannot even make up a decent movie.
1,First and foremost: Natalie Portman is no actress. The Academy Awards lost all credibility when she was awarded an Oscar for Black Swan. This film has nothing to offer except special effects if you like that sort of thing. And Athony Hopkins must be desperate for work to make this debacle. Reminded me of a poor version of Star Man.
1,My mother remembered this as being a good movie. After we both watched it - her for the second time, me for the first time - I had to ask her if it wasn't Flowers for Algernon she remembered. She was disappointed seeing it again, and I was not impressed either. I started losing interest when Charly began ogling his teacher, and they lost me entirely when he assaulted her. Why'd they have to put that whole bit in? I mean, I'm no doctor, but it seems to me that a mentally retarded person would still be fully developed physically. I think that whole sex craze was added just for the sensational effect, a reflection of the time in which it was made. I watched this version instead of Flowers for Algernon because I didn't want to see something too kidified, but now I'm sorry I got this one instead. If you want to see a better movie than this, but along the same lines, I highly recommend The Yarn Princess, if you can get hold of it. Unlike Charly, who really has no motive to "become smart" other than for its own sake, Margaret must "become smart" or else she will lose her children. Trust me, it's way better than this one.
1,Stopped watching it about three minutes before it ended.		Saw no point since the end was so predictable and the plot was so off the wall.		Would not recommend this movie for those looking for a good horror or suspense film.
1,Now don't get me wrong, my two-star rating has nothing to do with the movie itself. Once was easily one of the best movies I saw last year, it is definitely one of the finest and most moving musicals I've ever seen, and has some of the finest music you will ever hear. My frustration lies in the U.S. DVD version of the film, specifically its audio.		I received Once as a Christmas present last year shortly after it came out on DVD. I went to watch it again and immediately realized the audio playback was wrong. It was half a step too slow, so all the songs were out of key and the voices sounded somewhat lower than when I first saw the film. I tried other DVD players and got the same result.		So I was disappointed, but I assumed that since the DVD had just been released this had just been an error in DVD authoring. Many DVDs have had to be recalled or reissued because of a glitch or mistake of some kind. So nine months later, the DVD is still circulating well and the movie is even being shown on HBO (and played perfectly in tune to boot), so I finally head back out and buy a fresh new copy of the DVD...and get the same result. The audio is still wrong, still flat, there are other DVD formats, a CD soundtrack and a TV broadcasting of the film offering sound evidence of an audio discrepancy, but nothing has been done about it.		This is why I'm so frustrated. I love Once, and I want to see it in its finest musical form. Too bad I live in the U.S. which just happens to get the short end of the stick in the audio playback department. My advice to any other U.S. viewers, watch the movie on HBO or watch the DVD on one of those players in which you can actually adjust the audio pitch on the disc playback by half steps. Or just hope that the DVD is some day rereleased and something is finally done about this. What a frustrating setback for an excellent film.
1,OMG! This was bad.
1,Worst film ever. A string of decent scenes completely ruined by over the top violence and gore, disturbing, raunchy, etc. etc. What was with that entire church slaughter? And the toddler being terrified by her axe-wielding mother??? Lie she'll be OK after that... stupid. Last scene was so foul and crass - I love movies, all types - Quentin Tarantino would have slapped these producers.
1,Seriously, how on earth did this movie get to be in the Criterion Collection?  It's god-awful.  First of all, special mention for the direction.  A high school film student could direct this film better, I kid  you not.  In the films numerous action sequences, Michael Bay gives you  absolutely *no clue* as to what the hell is going on.  And in the entire  film, I don't think that there were more than two shots that lasted five  seconds, I kid you not.  Also deserving mention is the plot, which made me  think how ironic it was that two of the *actors* in the film had won Best  Screenplay Academy Awards (Ben Affleck and Billy Bob Thorton, if you didn't  know).  Certain plot elements that confused me: why did NASA so readily  agree to having the entire fate of the world rest on the shoulders of a  bunch of untrained oil drillers?  Why did they mount gatling guns on small  vehicles meant only to drill holes in an asteroid?  If Ben Affleck  "has always been like a son" to Bruce Willis, why did Willis try  so damned hard to shoot Affleck at the beginning?  (Don't tell me he was  missing on purpose; it was a double-barrelled shotgun at close range,  missing by maybe a foot.  And he reloaded.)  Oh, and what possible effect  is one nuke gonna have on an asteroid the size of Texas?  Other than  that...no, actually the plot still sucks other than that.  The actors  themselves are...well, I guess they're fine, considering they don't do  anything.  Steve Buscemi makes smartass comments, but that's it as far as  personality goes.  Ugh.  I could go on, but I shouldn't.  Just rest  assured that there is no reason to see this movie.  I thought, when I saw  it, that it would be funny if it was bad, but frankly, it's way too long.  All things considered, this movie makes Ed Wood look like a talented  filmmaker.
1,I thought this was going to be some great adult/teen adventure film. It is not. It is a kid's film designed for those who are below the PG-13 rating.		Sinbad (Shahin Sean Solimon) has to rescue the love of his life, the princess (Sadie Alexandru) from the White Deev (Said Faraj) who wants her soul. He and his small party must go to a large black sand desert island that is a combination of Mysterious Island, Greek Mythology, and maybe that Dante thing. The CG panning of the island shows magnificent scenery while everything was done on a very flat stage set...I could help think about "Lost in Space."		Half the film consists of flashbacks so we would know how Sinbad got himself a princess. The other half has bad CG/stop-mo animals and horrible kid's type of ham acting. The fighting choreography was a laugh. Could be a future MST project.		Two stars is generous.
1,This movie SUCKED big time!  This movie is below 1 star. But, I've to rate it 1 star just to get my opinion up.  Don't even bother BUYING IT!  If you want to rent it, get a FREE COUPON RENTAL from Block Buster online.  Yes,  it's that bad!
1,Its OK for a few laughs, but somewhat depressing. Certainly not a five star movie.
1,Totally lost in this one.
1,Hard to follow.  Would not recommend.
1,I for one thought that this movie was one of the worst movies I've ever seen. One of the most tragic injustices to a classic cartoon series, the plot is so poorly planned out I wonder why they even bother to make this movie. Sure there is some cuteness to the movie but everything else about it is ridiculous. Even the humor that is spotty here & there isn't enough to save this rubbish.	I hardly remember anything from this movie anymore and this is coming from someone who can remember almost every line of several all-time favorites like Robin Hood(Disney version) &  Great Mouse Detective. That's generally how misconcieved the plot of this movie is. Forgettable. All this movie is is just a hodgepodge mess.	There isn't much of anything that this movie offers. Little humor, just plain boredom is what results in wasting 90 minutes watching this movie. The crooks are ridiculously acted and unintelligently portrayed in the movie especially the woman crook. I barely managed to stay in the theatre during the whole time as I was getting ready to head out the door.	There are far, FAR superior adaptations of cartoons such as The X-Men & Spider-Man. These two are a million times better than this. By far one of the worst movies I've seen in the past few years. >:(
1,The crappy Jabba scene, the cartoonish looking Mos Eisley, the butchering of Jabba's palace and the Ewok celebration song, the placement of Hayden.... I could go on and on.	All of this means NO purchase from me.	George, the fans have spoken.  We are the reason you are filthy rich.  Please do us a favor and give us what we want.  I would pay sick amounts of money for original cut in HD.	But will NOT be buying these POS cartoons.
1,I wish I could have given it 0 stars. This movie was so horrible. I could not even get passed the first story. This movie should not be compared to Tales from the Crypt. What is going to happen to the fate of our low budget movie industry?
1,I didn't even finish it! It goes way off story from the Bible version.
1,A ponderous pantomime of the poison of paternalism, with Bad Daddy vs. Good Daddy facing off at the end (if they'd only had an actual Cage-Travolta-Lecter "Face Off"!). I've yet to see the 2010 orginal Mexican film of the same name, but I'm afraid this funereal hootenanny may have put me off that indefinitely.		About two daughters caught in the undertow of reigious and familial misfires, this is a picture of testosterone in aspic, that leaves one desparate for an imaginative treatment, a risque ritual of rebellion that the girls could have exercised against their father. Instead were lured into the promise of a taboo tale, of grand guignol, of a genre grotesque, of which we get absolutely none. Canibalism has never been so tame! Borrowing heavily from more lurid genre spectacle, WAWWE features a family dinner of flesh, much the same as the infamous scene from 1975s The Rocky Horror Picture Show, minus the wit and the gross-out factor. It also contains a flooded pool of muddy human bone fragments like the scene in 1982s Poltergeist, again, without the menace and the hysterics.		Its obvious the co-writer and director Jim Mickle is disdainful of the demands of the horror genre, so he immediately shows his hand: in the first few frames we get a meat grinder and a missing girl posterhe wants the audience to know whats going on so they can concentrate on the turgid roll out of on-the-nose arthouse dialogue that tells us whats transpiring and how we should feel about it, instead of showing the themes in suspensful visuals. Compare this to a current film in theatres and VOD that explores the same subject of obectified fatherhood, Foxcatcher, whose paralyzing portrait of mens obsession with paternity is a dread-soaked affair that leaves you squirming in your seat, even though you also know what happens at the end before sitting down to watch it (its a famous crime story).		Along with the equally idiotic Tusk, this is the second bomb for the great character actor Michael Parks in as many years. He always outshines any material hes in. Parks is so comfortable on screen and so mesmerizing to watch that he dwarfs all the other actors. Check out a 90s TV Movie, The China Lake Murders, on Netflix for an absolutely riveting performance by him in a better caper about a pyschopathetic serail-killer cop.		The cannibal genres offerings have been meager in the last couple of decades, save for Eli Roth's ingenious cannibal film, The Green Inferno, which is everything WAWWA is not: ritual as fetish, blackly humorous and anthropologically insensitive! Now THATs a cannibal film off whose menu I can order!
1,The Healer sounds great on the box but trust me, it's a powerful letdown. There are also apparently several versions of it out there under more than one title (Julie Walking Home being another name for the same film). The version I saw was widescreen instead of letterbox and was inexplicably shorn of the nudity and cussing I later found was scattered throughout the uncut movie, which was kind of a rip, I think.		This film, The Healer, begins with all the lackluster banality of a movie-of-the-week style human interest story regarding adultery and its aftermath, evolves into a pathos-seeking tale of the toll a terminally sick child takes on his Canadian family, then slides sideways to find what seems its main focus as a story about a supernatural healer making his rounds among the infirm of distant Poland. After this is accomplished and just as the plot seems to flirt with meaning, The Healer then falls apart with total finality as it becomes mired in its final act, namely scenes from a love affair between the European-born healer and the mother of the  dangerously ill little boy he has either healer or not healed.		The Healer had some watchable actors, especially the radiantly beautiful Miranda Otto, and good locations, but it lacked a true plot and would often go off in puzzlingly irrelevant directions that were annoyingly frustrating. Characters were introduced and then dropped, storylines dangled and went nowhere, and some developments amounted to what mystery writers used to call "red herrings." And the ending...oh my gosh, what ending? This movie doesn't come with a conclusion, just a sudden cessation that stuns with its alacrity and absence of closure. Ultimately The Healer answers no questions, resolves absolutely nothing about its characters or their situations, their futures or the outcome to anything that was introduced earlier in its 114-minute run-time. It departs with an abruptness that amounts to amateurish rudeness.		So what is this chaotic movie about? I've seen it and I admit, I really I have no idea.
1,Dffhhds
1,Really, do not watch it it has nothing to do with the first one, I remember that I was very excited when I went to see it and at the end it was a great deseption.	 I don't know what happened, ok the story was fine but all the characters yack they made it in a hurry, and it has nothing to do with the book.
1,Boring and the animation was extremely disappointing
1,Maybe it was just a cultural thing or I dunno, but I thought this was totally boring ...
1,Barely poor acting...no idea why this film was/is considered a cult classic.
1,a second-rate movie TRYING to be "Stand By Me" - - even to the point of making the characters recognizeable.
1,This is the worst, dumbest Superman story ever... can't believe it's been committed to film. Urgh.
1,I LOVE Nicholas Cage and he acted wonderfully in this movie, but it was absolutely TERRIBLE compared to the first movie. I bought the movie,	wish I had just waited for it to go on TV so that I could just change the channel and not have lost anything but some time out of my life.
1,Ouch, too over the top.
1,Uhm...smh..that's all I can really say!??! Take that and the 1 star as a warning.
1,I have a Samsung Smart TV. Yesterday I received an e-mail indicating that	my software for Amazon TV needed to be upgraded. I followed instructions	and the upgrade was completed. I then went to the Smart Hub and clicked on	Amazon to watch a movie. The movie was to be rented at $5.99. We started	the movie but after about 10 minutes the screen went blank. It did not even	show a rotating circle -- just blank. We waited about 15 minutes but the	movie never showed again. I checked my bank account this morning and we had	indeed been charged to watch it. Please refund the charge.
1,It's hard to believe this 1931 relic won the Academy Award for Best Picture. Wesley Ruggles' clumsy production of Edna Ferber's "Cimarron" survives only as a curio. The western saga opens with a rehash of the Oklahoma land-rush sequence from William S. Hart's 1925 classic "Tumbleweeds" and goes downhill fast. Richard Dix's cartoonish portrayal belongs in the School of Bad Acting, but Irene Dunne makes the most of her first starring role. In retrospect, "Cimarron" might have worked better as a silent film.
1,Mildly entertaining. That's about it.. mostly boring really. Love Jane Austin, but not this movie.
1,C+ at best. Don't get your hopes up for an entertaining ride because this isn't one.
1,I thought "Hey I have nothing else to watch (which I did), this has the guy from Breaking Bad from it (barely) and seemed to go under the radar (for good reason) why not?"		I don't know what I expected.		There were 3 moments I was beating the remote against my head at the stupidity of it:	*SPOILER ALERT* (which I'm just trying to spare you the pain)		First Face Palm:	When they dropped off the Navy Seals in a jungle to find a lost Submarine, which after walking about 100 ft and finding the back end with the huge propeller it zooms out to show the 3 helicopters circling the OBVIOUSLY TALLER THAN THE TREES HUGE SUB.		Second Face Palm:	When they go to Nevada to check on the monster they locked up years ago in a mountain bunker. The marines are dropped of via helicopter (again) and kick down the Bunker door. only to see HALF THE MOUNTAIN BLOWN OUT and the HUGE monster heading towards the city THEY JUST CAME FROM. Oh and pulling out some binoculars for some stupid reason.		Third Face Palm:	When the tugboat going about 5-15 MPH carrying a nuke passes the Golden Gate Bridge by about 100 yards, with like 3 minutes left on the timer, a magical helicopter picks our "hero" up and clears the blast radius of a NUKE safely without the least turbulence.		I don't think even MST3K could save this.
1,This was a take on a previous movie . The original was just so so , high schoolers will get a kick out of it , since they enjoy cheap porno , or an attempt at cheap porno !	Not much else to say about this piece of CRAP !
1,Seriously speaking, casual sex as portrayed in the movie is down right dangerous.  HIV, genital warts, or herpes could get you killed.  I love Justin and Mila but this whole fxxx buddy scheme between the headhunter and the internet guy just doesn't seem likely.
1,Slow, boring, and weird.  Especially since I live in Hawaii, it was kinda corny.  Love these actors so it was kind of disappointing.
1,I also bought A & C meet the Monsters which was great but this was just a meeting on a tv show-so disappointed
1,Really dumb. Guess I should have read the book?
1,As others have said, this is not up to the quality of the average Leap Frog video. What I like: this video quite clearly shows how words are built from letters. What I don't like: confusing scenes such as showing the letter "e", but having the characters go "sh, sh, sh" and THEN giving the "eh" sound. As much as I LOVE what they have done well in this video, I don't want my toddler watching learning DVDs that muddy the waters.
1,One disc was defective, however, money was promptly refunded----rather have received a good product.
1,Two women are topless only. One has a scenes that it is so dark you can't hardly see anything and the other has the awful ugly type.
1,I expected more
1,The eternal story of the battle between good and evil is explored in BELLS OF INNOCENCE.  However, although the intentions of filmmaker Mike Norris and his dad, Chuck, are to be commended, the execution of this film falls far below what one might have expected.  Chuck plays a mysterious stranger named Matthew, who we find out later is an angel, sent to watch over this misguided town called Ceres, the gateway to hell.  Mike is Jux, a tormented parent who feels guilt over the accidental death of his daughter and who is marked by a young tyke in this strange little town.  The town is ruled by a dark angel played by Marshall Teague, and another evil man named Emeritus.  What was intended to be a frightening look at this showdown is merely a dull and tedious film with little suspense or novelty employed.  The rest of the cast is woefully ineffectual and the movie's ending is far from satisfying.  BELLS OF INNOCENCE is nowhere near THE EXORCIST or THE OMEN in its depiction of the apocalyptic battle, and only Norris fans will likely find it enjoyable.
1,I just thought this was an odd movie and tried to watch it twice.  I could not get into the movie.
1,Great aerial photography of Ireland, but this DVD provides little information about the country that would be of interest to a tourist or traveler.
1,Don't like this one not good
1,This was the most boring movie
1,Terrible, Terrible, Terrible...and then there is this movie. Wow, what a complete waste of laser wear on my DVD player. This is such a poorly shot movie, it makes The DISASTER ARTIST look like Gone with the Wind. Acting: Awful Story: Awful Ending: Not worth it.		This movie is not worth the price a one square of toilet paper.
1,Well, at the risk of coming off as stupid, I can't for the life		of me see what is so great and scary about this movie. I watched		it once, then again, thinking I must have missed something. I		watched it again with my wife. The best thing either of us had to		say about it was, "Thank God we never have to watch it again"!		I own over 700 horror flicks, and have to say that this is one		of the most unentertaining, and least shocking or scary of them		all. But then again, most other reviewers think it is great. I		bought the DVD based on those reviews.		???		Tom
1,Mindlessly ordinary and perhaps enjoyable to middle school kids
1,I only gave it 2 stars because the effects were cool. Story was cheesy as well as the acting. They had good actors but they couldn't save it.
1,The first 30 minutes is hilarious and entertaining. Then it becomes so unrealistic and boring that it's hard to watch.		It's worth viewing for curiosity.
1,Boring I fell asleep watching it
1,Terrible ending.  Wished I hadn't even watched this slow going movie.  I kept waiting for something exciting to happen. Don't waste your time.
1,I really liked the original Predator and thought after seeing the preview that this version would at least be interesting.		Its not very and the acting was poor.  Brody looked great but his tough guy drawl just didn't work.  This homage to the original just failed on too many levels to be entertaining.  A rental.
1,I knew this was going to be a stupid movie, but I thought it was going to be really funny as well and it was not.  Besides a couple of funny moments it was a complete waste of time.  What a waste of some really good actors.  Not recommended.
1,Arghhhhhhhhhhhhh	Yes great special effects but the story line, plot, whatever was so so badddd	Sandra should have bought it several times instead she is Capt Kirk	No way
1,I only watched about 10 minutes of it then turned it off. It was boring.
1,Taken II suffers from the same problem 'Taken I' did. It's big on well choreographed action sequences, has good acting by Liam Neeson, nice locations, fairly good production qualities, directing, etc. But it lacks any common sense at all. Most action films where there are a lot of bullet's flying and car crashes require the viewer to suspend belief to a certain level. But these two films take excessive license with it, and often to laughable levels. I pretty much hated the first one. Though I found it very entertaining on a brainless sort of level with great action sequences, I simply could not get past the rediculous notion that a girl who's father worries something will happen to her get's kidnapped the second she shows up in Paris. She's literally targeted the very moment she lands. That sort of license pushes the envelope so far that it's insulting to the audience's common sense. That particular part of the script and the plot was pathetic and just plain stupid. Also the girl who played his daughter was very plastic and cheesy. I saw Taken II last night and did find it entertaining, and I liked it a little more than I liked the first one, but only because I already realized you have to leave all your brains at the door in order to enjoy it at all. In the first one she's just plastic and annoying. In this one she's not only plastic and annoying, but she's running around on rooftops throwing hand granades all over Istanbul, and driving getaway cars like a pro stunt driver when earlier on in the movie she's studying for her drivers license and can't even figure out how to park right. This one takes more license with the stupidity than the first one for sure. This is sort of like watching a John Woo or Michael Bay movie with slightly better production values. What I mean by that is that Woo and Bay action films usually cross the line into the rediculous and are generally rather out there. But thta is not to say Woo's earlier asian films were bad, they were really ok for what they were. But movies like Armageddon & The Rock for example are generally liked by a lot of people but are also hated by a lot of people. And if you hated those movies then you likely know where I am comming from. This is typical of the formula you expect from a Steven Seagal movie. Lots of action but short on brains. Also when I saw the first Taken I kept imagining Keifer Sutherland playing the main character. To all intents and purposes the Neeson character is a carbon copy of Jack Bauer, still I loved Neeson as this character. In fact without him the film would not be memorable for most people who like it now. The Taken movies play like cheesebal B style action movies, but still on a brainless action level both movies are pretty entertaining. So I hated and liked both movies, hence the 2 star rating.
1,I liked the architecture of L.A. in the future, and I liked the interplay between Bullock and Stallone.		Much more could have been done with the portrayal of society in 2032, so as to appeal to those of us with 3-digit I.Q.s.		Otherwise, if senseless violence and gratuitous property destruction is your thing, this is your film.
1,Unhappy combination of Speilberg's fuzzy-wuzzies and Kubrick's chilly-willies.  Your tolerance of this movie will depend on how much you can stand watching a boy pining for his mother.  It started off pretty good, actually:  a lot of ethical questions about artifical intelligence will remind you of the cloning debate; the very essence of parenting is examined, as in What Do We Really Want From Our Children?  I sat in the theater excited, thinking, Wow, this is going to be a great movie.  But after the first 50 minutes, the adorable robot  (Haley Joel Osment)  embarks on a quest to become a real boy, and the movie starts getting weird.  I won't spoil any of it for you, but I think you'll agree with me that each set-up becomes more preposterous than the last.  Eventually, the movie becomes a bloated bore.  The cumulative impression  *A.I.*  had on me was that I wish either Speilberg or Kubrick had written AND directed it individually -- Steven's crowd-pleasing sentimentality certainly doesn't mesh well with Stanley's brow-beating.  I'm thinking Speilberg would've trimmed the artsy chaff and made a satisfyingly simple quest picture; or Kubrick would've realized a vision nearly as colossal as his masterpiece, *2001*  (which this new movie resembles, somewhat).  All in all, a disappointment; but what else is new?  This continues to be a terrible year at the movies.
1,Let me say before I begin the review of the film itself that I work at a movie theatre. While this film was in theatres, it was considered a "kids film" and seen by many families and the like. That being said, I think this film is just another raunchy-humored Adam Sandler film. Just the typical sexist, racist, homophobic Sandler cash grab.		Let me also add that my review may contain some spoilers for the film, so if you haven't seen it you may not want to read.		For starters, the main character -- of course, played by Sandler, -- repeatedly makes inappropriate jokes to his love interest throughout the film. There is one point near the end where he even says "Hold on to my mighty hammer," and she replies, "You love saying that."		As a whole, the film wasn't very entertaining. The characters were typical of any Sandler movie. The guy whose weight is made fun of, the 'smart' one, the one who flirts with all the women, and the leader. With the addition of Adam Sandler's love interest. The only female character who really had any lines, at all.		The character played by Josh Gad is made out to be a total loser of course, in a humorous light. Because it's so funny to be overweight and alone, right? Hilarious. [SPOILER] Throughout the film, Gad's character mentions his obsession with the video game character "Lady Lisa." Typical attractive, skinny, tanned, blonde with blue-eyes woman in any Sandler movie to be the "hot" one.		As the war with these "aliens" continues, the character of Lady Lisa at last appears. Lady Lisa is the ONLY video game character in this ENTIRE film who appears in a NON-PIXELATED FORM. In turn, sexualizing a character for the enjoyment of the viewers, despite the film itself being called PIXELS, in which the aliens send PIXELATED WARRIORS to fight.		Gad encounters this Lady Lisa, who "attempts" to fight him for all of two minutes before he is down on his knees professing his love to her, and she abruptly stops fighting for no reason and drops her weapons. Keep in mind that earlier in the film, the supposed "Creator of Pacman" gave a heartfelt speech to Pac-Man about how he was a good character, and Pac-Man in return bit off his arm.		So- this drone warrior, because she's a woman, has to drop her weapons when Gad says three words to her, but Pac-Man (despite actually being the good guy of his game) showed no sign of emotion at all.		After quitting the fight with Gad, Lady Lisa shortly thereafter makes out with Gad and Peter Dinklage's character walks up to the scene, questioning if this is Gad's new girlfriend; to which Gad replies that she's now his fiance. Did I mention that in all of this - Lady Lisa never says a word? She doesn't have a single line and shows no emotion. At the end of the battle with the aliens, Lady Lisa dissolves and goes away just like all the other aliens, much to Gad's dismay as he screams to the heavens over a woman who could never even say no to him, apparently.		At the end of the film, the character of Q-bert, which until that point had really been the only decent character of the film, randomly shape-shifts and becomes the new Lady Lisa with absolutely no explanation, and after this Gad's character gets to keep her as a trophy - Yes, a trophy - from the war. Keep in mind, even at the end of the film, Lady Lisa has never said a single word.		So essentially, have your sons watch this for inspiration if you'd like them to grow up thinking they own women, can speak to them in demeaning manners, and that jokes about 'staying in the kitchen' are okay. As for your daughters, this is the perfect two hours to show them how boys are the boss and girls have to do what they say, and can't be the heroes.		This movie is made for the typical Sandler audiences of 35-50-year-old straight, white men who love bro-humor and almost aggressively shuts out anyone else. Sandler and James just sleepwalk through their roles and don't even seem to be enjoying the action-adventure premise or 80s nostalgia. Josh Gad (14 years younger than Sandler, but is supposed to be maybe only 5 years younger), interprets humor as shouting, and it is genuinely unpleasant when hes on screen, especially when hes super creepy. This movie also has a lot of cameos, some of which just bother me for wasting talented peoples time. Jane Krakowski, Sean Bean, Brian Cox, and Dan Aykroyd show up but never get laughs.		As is typical with most Sandler movies, gay panic is pretty common in this film with the man-child characters, AKA our heroes. These guys want chicks, and that fact is made a little too clear. Besides Monaghan and Sandler (no chemistry by the way) and James and Krakowski as the President and First Lady, Dinklage and Gads sexuality is pretty gross for what is clearly being marketed at children. Dinklage, in prison, wants to blackmail the US government into providing him with a forced 3-some with two women who don't fit traditional beauty standards (sadly, that got the biggest laugh in the theater I was in).		Basically- I really am not as impressed by this film as everyone else seems to be. Total waste of two hours that I spent WAY too much time cleaning as a movie theatre employee. Although to be honest, the soundtrack wasn't bad. But other than that- I'll never watch this willingly again.
1,If you are 13 yrs old rent it.
1,"The Grand" starts off with an amazing lack of humor, especially considering how hard it tries.  Woody Harrelson as one-eyed Jack Faro is probably a take-off on Johnny Depp's role as one-eyed Jack Sparrow.  It's not funny.  The film centers on Faro's drug and alcohol addiction that have left him close to losing the family business, a gambling casino called the Rabbit's Foot.  That's not funny.  Cheryl Hines who was nominated for an Emmy for "Curb Your Enthusiasm" in 2005 plays gambling whiz Lainie Schwartzman.  She's not easy to like, constantly complaining.  One wonders what the attraction is with her husband played by Ray Romano.  David Cross plays Lainie's gambling brother.  He's obnoxious, a loser, and completely self-centered.  Dennis Farina as L.B.J. Deuce Fairbanks plays a gambler who treats everybody badly.  Richard Kind plays Andy Andrews, a bumbling amateur who by sheer luck makes it to the finals.  Chris Parnell from "Saturday Night Live" plays the stone-faced Harold Melvin whose lack of emotion is something we're supposed to find funny.  Director Werner Herzog who won a Best Director award at the Cannes Film Festival in 1982 for "Fitzcaraldo" plays the German who likes to kill animals.  Michael McKean who was Lenny on "Laverne & Shirley" plays the ruthless rich guy trying to foreclose on The Rabbit's Foot.  The scenes are improvised and mostly don't work.  The climax comes more as relief that the film will finally be over than as an exciting conclusion.  This film didn't work on so many levels for me.  It wasn't funny.  While the actors did what they were supposed to do, none of the characters were interesting or someone for whom you could cheer.  Director Zak Penn has done a lot of work in the industry such as writing "The Incredible Hulk," but this was not the project for which he'll be remembered.  Taxi!
1,Kept waiting for some clever or humorous dialog but was disappointed.
1,Very slow movie.  Kept jumping back and forth from present to past.  Annoying!
1,Dumb
1,Badly acted, badly written script. Stereotypical girl vs alien
1,wasn't very impressed with this movie
1,I did not like it, nudity and violence
1,Read the other reviews,THIS IS A CROPPED VERSION!!!Get the 2014 RESTORED Bluray by Thunderbean. It cost more but the restoration is breathtaking!!! !" Gulliver's Travels deserves to be seen in it's proper aspect ratio. Not cropped into letterbox! One thing that IS good on this disc is the "Making of a Cartoon" in bluray,that should be worth having. But if you have to choose ONE bluray,get the Thunderbean RESTORED version!!!!
1,Just a terrible movie.
1,This movie was so bad an with so many great actors I feel bad. To me it is a very bad re make of Independence day (Kinda like that movie) The ending was not good at all
1,forgettable. idk why this is so highly rated. and gladiator needs to retire. watch the original. there's a classic.
1,This was the first movie I walked out of in years!!!  It is wonderfully creative but it is so painfully hopeless.  I just couldn't stomach it.  Let's just say it is not a feel good movie.
1,Bad movie.  Would not recommend.
1,when i watched this,it only seemed like an hour long.when i saw the previews,i knew it would only get one star,because it looked corny and boring.and ususally i am wrong when that happens,but this time i was  absolutely right about it.unfunny and boring
1,This film version of the great St. Anthony of Padua is quite disappointing in that it misses the real essence of this incredible saint, and presents him as some kind of "revolutionary" and corruption seeker, even going after Church officials, etc.		Sorry, the real Saint Anthony was a very holy, learned man who loved God and man devoutly and wholeheartedly, a deeply spiritual,prayerful man whose closeness to almighty God gave him even miraculous powers to heal the sick, raise the dead, and convert the most hardened sinners. He was not a "warrior" or a "revolutionary" - he was a great Saint, one who closely imitated Christ.		A much better film version is the film "SAINT ANTHONY", starring Italian actor Daniele Liotti, also available on Amazon.
1,Ignore the first movie, they've changed the rules and brought the dead to life to compete in another installment.  This one owes even more to Porky's than the last one did.  People go missing, few care, the witnesses from the last movie are conveniently forgotten, just the lone crackpot (miraculously alive) remains to tie them together (plus a clone, a last minute explanation to explain another holdover from the first movie).  Ridiculous.  It also ends with a threat..."THE END, maybe."	Just what the world doesn't need, Decoys 3.	Not a keeper.
1,Plisetskaya deserves 5 stars but this is a very poor ballet film	The first act is heavily cut and there are too many shots of the	audience even in such important scenes as the second act and black swan pas de deux and also many shots from the stage showing	the back of the dancers and the theater. The audio and the video are poor.
1,Saw Alice Cooper live in Moose Jaw. Loved it. This concert on Blue-ray is a total disappointment .
1,If Lucas really wanted to make some positive changes to the Star Wars saga, remove Jar-Jar, and the badly written romance portions, combine Episode I & II into one movie.  That would make the fans happy.  I mean seriously, most people who never got a date in high-school could have written Padme/Anakin romance better!		I have been a die-hard fan forever and saw the prequels a dozen times each in theaters and DVDs another hundred.  If Lucas didn't make more changes, I would have happily bought them on Blu-Ray.		No one cares for these changes, no one wants these changes!!  Give the fans what we deserve... the movies we watched in theaters.
1,Boring
1,I like buying BluRays that come with an iTunes copy, I get the HD BluRay and then the iTunes copy which is easy to add to iTunes and then effortlessly works on AppleTV or any iOS device.  I'll pass on any BluRay that comes with an UltraViolet copy and just buy my digital copy directly from iTunes.  Oh yeah, saw the movie in the theater, AWESOME movie.
1,The Wind in the Willows VHS with Vanessa Redgrave is absolutely great.  I'm 42 and it's one of my favorite movies - filled with real humor, believable characters - the movie has a lot of heart and soul.		As for the Willows in Winter, it is the exact opposite.  Empty humor, one dimensional characters, harsh voices on some, no heart and soul.  Loved the WinW book, but the movie is awful. My children always want to watch Wind in the Willows, but never request the Willows in Winter.  I think, I hope, someone will one day produce a wonderful movie for this sequel story, but this is not it.
1,I like old scary movies, but these two are just not up to par. I did not care for either of the movies on this disc.
1,Dated but interesting.
1,Movie dull and incoherent
1,M. Night Shyamalan is known for his highly atmospheric melodramas with supernatural overtones. Think "The Sixth Sense," "The Village," and "Signs." The director's newest film, "The Happening" -- his first R-rated effort -- bears his trademark eerie moments, mysterious occurrences, shocks, and outright creepiness.		One day, in Central Park, masses of people become disoriented, stop dead in their tracks, and walk backwards. Nearby, at a high-rise construction site, workers plummet to their deaths one after another as they walk off the girders above. Something very unusual is happening, but no one knows what. The first guess is a terrorist attack. After all, it is New York City, and memories of 9/11 are still vivid.		High school science teacher Elliot Moore (Mark Wahlberg) is summoned to a meeting of the staff and informed of the happening. Elliot, wife Alma (Zooey Deschanel), colleague and friend Julian (John Leguizamo), and Julian's daughter Jess (Ashlyn Sanchez) decide things will be safer outside the city and board a train to Pennsylvania. As the train makes its way to Philadelphia, cellphone calls to folks on the crowded train reveal that the odd behavior is spreading. Is it terrorism, radioactive leakage from a nuclear power plant, a freak air-based virus?		"The Happening" plays very much like an episode of the original "Twilight Zone." It has that somber, foreboding quality and draws us in immediately with a sensationally effective opening sequence that is both riveting and shocking. Shyamalan incorporates a number of reaction shots of individuals observing the devastating behavior of their friends and co-workers, so that we experience the horror through their eyes. Shyamalan's Everyman is Elliot, who is conveniently a science teacher so that he can cobble together a plausible speculation about what's happening all over the East Coast.		Wahlberg does a fine job of being both the average Joe caught in an extraordinary situation and the guy who manages to avoid succumbing to whatever it is that's affecting human beings. Could this be vegetation -- trees, bushes, plants -- forming chemical defenses against man for decades of polluting the planet? Some of his conclusions may not be 100-percent accurate, but they're good enough to keep him, Alma, Jess, and a few others they meet along the way alive when others are dying around them in gruesome, self-inflicted ways.		The movie has its problems. From a superb beginning, it bogs down and drags when it should be bristling with suspense. For its R rating, it is surprisingly timid in its visuals. We hear, for example, about horrendous things happening in surrounding areas, but seldom see them. Why? This isn't a radio play. It would have been far more effective to show assorted examples of man's fatal disorientation in montage format, thus enhancing the scope and grimness of the unknown outbreak. Starting with a brutal intensity, "The Happening" eases into a road trip to nowhere, as the ranks of the survivors thin and Elliot and a few others seem destined to be the last living humans on earth.		Late in the film, Shyamalan introduces the character of Mrs. Jones (Betty Buckley), a reclusive eccentric bordering on psychotic. Her presence in the film is puzzling. She provides some creepy moments, but they lead to dead ends. There's nothing wrong with a red herring, but it has to misdirect. The Mrs. Jones character is simply a curiosity and fails to provide any new information or advance the plot.		Shyamalan likes control. He is credited as writer, director, and one of the film's three producers. So on his shoulders rests the responsibility of fashioning a complete, effective motion picture, not merely a series of clever episodes. The film is reminiscent of those 1950's sci-fi films where some prehistoric beast comes to terrorize and destroy a major city and mankind has to organize quickly to destroy it. The concept worked for over a decade. "The Happening" wants to depart from this formula by making the threat more intangible and thus more frightening. How can you confront an enemy when you don't know what that enemy is? A good idea, but two-thirds of the way through we become tired of wondering what the "thing" is that is causing people to become suicidal.		Shyamalan loves The Big Secret -- a major plot point he withholds from viewers until a crucial, climactic point. It worked beautifully in "The Sixth Sense," far less effectively in "Unbreakable." "The Happening" falls somewhere between these two films in effectiveness. It needs a wallop of an ending. Instead, it ends in an anticlimactic whimper.
1,Lousy the say clips over and over again repeated...garbage
1,Ordered and paid for what was supposed to be the COMPLETE SERIES as listed, received seasons 1-6! Sent as a gift and just found out. Highly dissapointed
1,Lame animation.  Lame story.  Lame characters.  A lame evening for me and my family.  Did I mention it was really lame?
1,All I can say is this: Jeanne Crain, Edmond Purdom, and Vincent Price must have been hard up for a buck when they appeared in this stinker.
1,For an older movie, I found it interesting that it's strategy fits the media strategy to alter peoples' thoughts and futures.
1,dumb don't waste your money
1,All talk  no action
1,Yes
1,Poor movie thanks but no thanks
1,The movie 10,000 B.C is one of those movies that you should listen to the critics about. On Yahoo it has a C- rating by Top Critics. I was like who cares,the critics are always wrong, right. Well, I should have listened to them for sure. It did have action, but Roland Emmerich messed up on this one. First of all the Earth has not been around for 10,000 years. Second off, the movie was poorly made and really annoying at times. Don't see one of the worst movies that has a huge budget and has nothing good to talk about.	Story:F	Acting:F	Action:D	Direction:F	Visual effects:D+	Rating:D
1,such a waste of a beautiful movie. Couldnt find a more wooden actress to play Snow if they tried. She was ok in the Twilite stuff but this was out of her league entirely. I forgot I had even watched this movie until I saw this DVD pic on amazon. Visually stunning and all the other acting is impeccable. Possibly a good purchse because you will need to watch again and again to remember this forgettable heroine.
1,Only good thing about this movie is Del Toro's portrayal of Escobar, other than that the story sucks, and Hutcherson is a horrible actor.
1,I stopped watching it !
1,There is no cleverness, just a tired theme overdone.  Overall, a disappointment.
1,This is pretty much a movie for children.  The heroes are colorful and amusing.  There is action for the kids to enjoy.  Not much re-watch value and would recommend renting it.		From one comic fan to another, do waste your money.  There are only three big action scenes and one can be seen on youtube.  The story is not original.  Even though this is a time traveling movie they do not show how the world has changed like in Flash Point.  Go buy Batman: Arkham Assault.
1,Definatly has nothing to do with bavas demons and demons 2.
1,It was boring
1,not to good.
1,For a Bond movie, soulless and depressing with characters very pleased with themselves and out-Britishing themselves with their ah-ksents. Beginning with melodramatic, oh brother song by Adele. If there is a goal beyond demonstrating how "with it!" you are to others of your echelon, it is within some other film. Hairstyle? check; and that's why they needed Bearden here to seal the deal. Clothes, attitude and you have out-Bonded Bond, and it is rah-rah-rahther depressing. No humor, only because humorless.
1,a total junk and waste of time nonsense. not recommended. thank god for the fast forward feature. it was obvious from the beginning this would be a disaster and it was.
1,The original Hostel was IMHO a pretty good horror movie...lots of gore and thrills. Usually sequal's don't measure up to the original in most cases. There have been a few that were as good or better then the original...The Godfather part 2 IMHO was better then part one...that is a rarity and not the norm.		Hostel part 2 came close to being as good but IMHO missed the target, but only slightly. Hostel part 3 lets say missed the target completely and totaly backfired. I won't get into the details about every aspect of the movie. the producers were hoping to ride the wave of part 1 and 2. the only similarity is the title of the movie...In Parts 1 and 2 the movie unfold in a foreign country and seemed to be realistic, actually in true life this sort of thing does happen in the black market of kidnapping (we are talking about part 1 here)..but to think this is happening in Las Vegas or trying to somewhat think this is realistic was an uphill battle that was a total failure.		Who would be pleased with watching this movie...Only true blue fans of anything that resembles gore...there is no rhyme or reason to the plot.
1,They really could of done a better job.
1,Only 2 reasons to see it, if any: Baldwin & Cruise. The rest -- zip. Hangs together only cause it's all put in one movie.
1,'Number 17' is surely a contender for Hitchcock's worst ever film. Good points? Well I suppose it is of interest to Hitchcock enthusiasts and to any die-hard early British film fanatics. The picture quality is not great but fairly watchable. But when it is obvious that Hitchcock himself could not care less about this picture you know roughly what to expect. Plot holes, long stagey scenes, actions by characters that just don't make any sense, the list goes on. Although, I suppose these faults may even help to make the film more interesting than it would otherwise have been - the tramp character that went to the Dick Van Dyke school of 'cockernee' accents certainly raises a chuckle. But without the name 'Hitchcock' in the film's credits I doubt if any video company would have attempted to market this DVD. As for 'The Ring', this is another good Hitchcock silent let down by poor picture quality. I own a restored PAL VHS version of 'The Ring' which is amazingly good quality. So if you're only after 'The Ring' I recommend you track down a better copy. And if you're wondering why I give this DVD two stars instead of one - well this is a budget DVD and Laserlight are at least prepared to release this old material so credit where it's due.
1,I should have known better.  Jackie Chan always wants to include comedy where it's not needed.  John Cusack and Adrien Brody in this movie should have been enough for me to stay clear.  I really wanted to see an epic historical Chinese film but this one doesn't even come close. Avoid this movie.  Don't pay to see it.
1,Footnote: Official Actual Rating: 0 Stars (0 Star Rating)	In order to articulate and explain inanity especially biblically humongous absurdity such as this, one must comment on it in just kind. So here is my visceral response to John Carl Buechler's cinematic wasteland of Friday the 13th Part VII: The New Blood (1988). Also this parody works better if you approach the farce as the lyrical reworking of one 70's landmark to the embarrassment of the other.	(Cue Wild Cherry's "Play That Funky Music White Boy" in the background)	(Beginning Opening Instrumental)	Yeah...... start the killing now.......	(Continued Instrumental)	Oh yey yey!!!	(More Instrumental)	As always, he was a homicidal artist... living near Camp	Crystal Lake.	Hardly having any tussles...ah-uh... except with every couple	on the make.	All the action seemed a coming...yeah... all those teen-aged	campers must have been slow.	Old Jason must have chosen swiftly....yes he did... he had to	go visit the mating below.	(Cue Trumpets)	There was huge grunting, deep kissing, and all bases were	seemingly covered...	Then right then they heard him and the couples turned around	and screamed,	"Impale Us Now With Table Legs Masked One. Butcher Us Until The	Body Count's Right. Slaughter Us In Whatever Way Masked One.	Throttle Us If Necessary, Living Way Past Twenty Is A Crime. Is	A Crime! Oh Yeah!"	(More Instrumental)	Ho! Ho!	(Continued Instrumental)	All Right!	(Additional Instrumental)	Yeah, Jason tried to comprehend this... Just as he was	hollowing their heads.	Were they really quite that stupid....Yes they could...To think	that he could really be that kind.	So he kept on a stalking... Gutting teens every chance he could	take.	He thought that he could reside there...Must return... So he	might live in the forest all alone.	(Cue Trumpets)	Then there came a bustling, a hustling, more outcasts appear in	the wilds there...	First necking, plus groping, and then jarred they turned around	and howled,	"Impale Us Now With Table Legs Masked One. Butcher Us Until The	Body Count's Right. Slaughter Us In Whatever Way Masked One.	Throttle Us If Necessary,	Living Way Past Twenty Is A Crime. Is A Crime! Oh Yeah!"	(Continued Instrumental)	Uh Huh!	(More Instrumental)	Hey! Hey! Is A Crime!	(Additional Instrumental)	Yeah! You Couldn't Have Left Him Buried Now Could You?	(Instrumental Guitar Solo)	Oh, He suddenly became so thirsty... For cannibalizing	teenagers at night.	He noticed he wasn't getting as tipsy... He knew he had to	whittle many more teens quick.	His frustration grew that much faster...Very much faster... For	the hordes no longer seemed rapidly coming.	Jason just wasn't finding that tingling...No he wasn't... Of	harvesting all those teens that he wanted.	(Cue Trumpets)	Yet just then came cheap Pintos, Volkswagens, RV's motoring to the cabins...	Then the smooching, and love-bites just before the couples	turned and whaled,	"Impale Us Now With Table Legs Masked One. Butcher Us	Until The Body Count's Right. Slaughter Us In Whatever Way	Masked One. Throttle Us If Necessary, Living Way Past Twenty Is	A Crime. Is A Crime! Oh Yeah!"	(Continued Instrumental)	Woo! Woo!	(More Instrumental)	Yeah! He's His Mother's Little Child!	(Additional Instrumental)	"Oh Now Let's Stalk. Impale Us Now With Table Legs! Impale Us	Now With The Harpoon Guns! Gut Us With Some Hunting Knives! Go	Ahead And Rip Our Pharynges Out! Throttle Us If Necessary,	Living Way Past Twenty Is A Crime. Is A Crime! Oh Yeah!"	(The End)	As for the DVD edition of John Carl Buechler's Friday the 13th Part VII: The New Blood, this rather excellently translated DVD edition contains a rather conventional 1:85 to 1 wide-screen anamorphic presentation, a slightly above standard Dolby Digital 2.0 Stereo audio track, a single theatrical trailer, and virtually nothing else to acknowledge save the massively deficient film itself.	P.S. Not even the streaming whirlwinds of telepathy, psychotherapy, or the mono e mono bruiting madness of asinine melodrama can save this massively asunder cinematic impetuous idiocy for the merciless whims of it's own vividly insipid one-dimensionality. View this imbecilic wreck at your own grave risk of momentary blindness, intellectual scurvy, or possible mental incapacitation. You have been warned. I'd rather watch all the episodes of V the television show than this.
1,Disturbing Behavior (1998) Oh oh! It seems something strange is happening to the kids at Steve's new school. The "bad kids" are transforming one by one into the Blue Ribbon bunch, overachievers with a slight penchant for violence and murder. Can Steve (James Marsden) and new girlfriend Rachel (Katie Holmes-TV's Dawson's Creek) maintain their identities long enough to solve the mystery? This one can't get past the fact that it is cribbed from so many other movies (The Stepford Children, Strange Behavior). Also, though Marsden and Holmes are okay, there's not enough character development here for them to sink their teeth into.  The most telling factor is that the distribution company believed they had a dog on their hands and chopped this down to a bare bones 74 minutes. This does keep the film moving along, but a little more character development or a few more "quiet moments" might have helped flesh this out.  Character actor William Sadler (Die Hard 2) spices things up as a brighter-than-he-looks school janitor, but he can't save this one.  Skip it. Also with Nick Stahl, Bruce Greenwood, and Steve Railsback.
1,I found it to be Terrible!!! Bring Back Mel Gibson and trash can most of the Computer Generated Effects which negates the need for any ACTING!
1,I've just finally remembered why I never read this book... the story is bloody depressing. The moral of it seems to be "life sucks and then you die". If the main character is going to go through that much crap, I like to at least see them get a happy ending.		At least they did depressing well. Costumes, settings and acting were pretty good.
1,Ridiculous premise, questionable acting, nothing spectacular in special effects.  A good idea down the tubes.
1,3 hours long, expect it to all be poor reasoning - I could only make it through about 1/2 hour.  Starts with a faulty premise (that the founding fathers were explicitly trying to form a Christian nation) and enters into wild conjecture from there.
1,Too much profanity; couldn't get past the profane script to concentrate on the drama.  No need for the profanity, would have made for a better series.  Not for me.
1,Had to give up part way through .. I hate stupid movies what plot ?........or better yet non story
1,I was looking forward to this film, because of the respect I have for Viggo Mortensen and Michael Fassbender. But this is a by-the-numbers, simplistic, and rather dreadful film. Kiera Knightley's performance is laughably bad...about the level of a Saturday Night Live character. Watching her jut her chin out and bug out her eyes in the first ten minutes made me dread buying this dvd. There's a reason it wasn't in the theaters long...it's awful. One star.
1,There's nothing new on this documentary, except for the scenes added in Monument Valley. The Picture Quality is debatable. I could have put this	documentary together with what I've already have on John Ford, John Wayne,	Henry Fonda and James Stewart. And in better picture quality
1,Over used plot and poor acting.
1,This movie was highly recommended by good friends of mine but the climax wasn't very good and took a long time to get there.
1,One of the worst movies I've ever seen. I don't know I thought this would be good based off the trailers and footage I saw of it, but it is literally one of the worst movies I've seen. And I've seen tons of C and B level action films that went straight to DVD. This movie has an almost embarrassing level of bad to it, it isn't even the "you want to watch it because its so bad it's funny" bad. It's just BAD. Do NOT buy. I'm trying to save you the money that I wasted.
1,In a review of "V" the rerun, second time around I was not impressed.  The first one back in the 80's was much better,  The acting in the second run was poor.  They brought Jane Badler back to play Diana again and her character failed.  Reruns on any series usually fail,  I was not impressed with this one.
1,Come on. If you can stream it in HD, you have an HD transfer so how about bothering with a blu-ray instead of crappy streaming nonsense. I refuse to pay for the DVD or a streamed/heavily compressed/DRM-mess download.
1,Glad didn't see it in the theater and waited until it could be rented (rather than buy from Amazon). Disappointment after seeing previews leading to believe it's actually funny. I think I only laughed twice throughout the movie for a second each and I usually have a very broad sense of humor. Stupid rather than funny is not funny at all.
1,I wonder what the people must be thinking when making such a bad movie, do they realize it's horrible? Was it the director, the actors, editors or a combo. Not worth watching
1,Set in the early 1950s, Hail, Caesar! tells the story of Capitol Pictures studio head Eddie Mannix, and the chaos that ensues as he tries to solve the problems of all the actors and filmmakers in his employ while also trying to juggle his home life, a possible career change and quitting smoking.		Here are six words I thought I would never say about a Coen Brothers picture - It. Just. Wasnt. A. Good. Film. More so, it wasn't a very interesting film, either. Nor all that funny. I caught myself laughing out loud only twice. First, when Ralph Fiennes is trying to explain to Alden Ehrenreichs character of a stuntman turned actor how to deliver the line, Would that it were so simple. (Ruefully) HILARIOUS! Secondly, when Frances McDormands character is almost choked to death by a film projector. Its this kind of surprising, dry and absurd humor that I wish was sprinkled throughout the film a lot more.		As is the usual with a Coen Brothers film, casting was first ratewith the exception of Channing Tatum. Luckily, his screen time was minimal and based on his dancing more than his acting (as it should be). Everyone brought their A-Game which was great to see but sadly didn't make up for how stereotypical and two-dimensional these characters were written, as well as the fact that you don't really care about any of them.		While not a film I will be adding to my collection, at least I can say it was better than Dirty Grandpa!
1,This is a fairly routine action film whose premise is far-fetched and highly improbable. A surprise invasion of the United States by North Korean forces shocks the residents of a midwest town. In an early sequence of the film, paratroopers descend on the town en masse, shoot innocent people, and take charge.		However, rather than attempting to destroy army bases, air fields, or military targets, they seem content to pick on defenseless and therefore non-threatening civilians. A small group of young people band together under the leadership of Iraq veteran Jed Eckert (Chris Hemsworth) to become resistance fighters, known as Wolverines. Joining Jed are his brother Matt (Josh Peck), Robert Kitner (Josh Hutcherson) and a small but determined group.		The original 1984 film of the same name is superior. There is far less swagger among the young principals (including Patrick Swayze, C. Thomas Howell, and Charlie Sheen). Though both films present hysterical invasion fantasies, the earlier picture's young stars are more appealing.		If you enjoy action for action's sake and don't care too much about a plot that makes sense, you'll enjoy "Red Dawn." However, if you require a movie with in-depth characterization, a reasonable premise, and decent acting, this isn't your cup of tea.
1,I have been reading all the reviews for The Lord Of The Rings Blu Ray Trilogy, and had to make my feelings known.  I am 100% behind all those posting 1 star reviews.  And think many who are fussing at those of us posting 1 star reviews don't truly comprehend why we are doing so.		When the original three Films; being "The Fellowship of the Ring", "The Two Towers", and "The Return of the King" were originally released on DVD I was unaware of the Extended Cuts that Peter Jackson was feverishly working on.  Then after "TT" was released on DVD in it's 2-Disc Theatrical Cut, I heard about "FOTR" Extended Cut that was soon to be available, and I was aware of why they were not being released with the Theatrical Cut's.  First, all three films weren't even out of theaters, and secondly Peter was still working on them.  But they came, rather quickly after each films initial Theatrical Cut Release.		The problem with what New Line is doing with this set is simple.  Both versions are available now, and people; MANY people have chosen which they prefer.  Many like the Theatrical Cuts, and that's fine.  Many, like myself, prefer the Extended Cuts, and that's fine also.  But, New Line's inability to allow us the option to choose right out of the gate on THIS blu ray release, or have both available in one set; is simply inexcusable.  They took away our right to choose.  Many have fussed, saying "the extended are coming, just wait, and get over it." Why? When those that prefer the Theatrical cuts will be sitting at home watching theirs in CRYSTAL CLEAR HI DEF, we who prefer the Extended won't. And that is unacceptable.  That option should be there, from the get go for US as the consumer to make. Not them, us.		New Line was about to go under when they took a HUGE chance on PJ and The Lord of the Rings.  But, WE the consumer made them Blockbuster's by word of mouth, and repeat viewings, and standing in line for hours, or overnight to get tickets and to buy the merchandise.  And we've waited patiently for the films to hit blu ray, and now only a percentage of the people who want them on blu get what they have waited a LONG while for? NO! Ain't happening.  So, I've told ALL my friends to stay away from this set, and they plan to. New Line will get nothing from me on this release.		This is a trip into Mordor I refuse to take, sorry I'll stay in the Shire with my simple DVD's til they get it right.
1,Lake Dead (2007), directed by George Bessudo. 90 minutes.		Plot:		A gaggle of good-looking 20-somethings take a road trip up north to a motel which was recently inherited by about a half dozen or so sisters (none of which even remotely resemble one another) within the group. While they have fun getting stoned in their RV, listening to terrible screamo and taking their clothes off at every opportunity, some grim looking fellows set out to put a wrench in the whole thing. Or a spike. Or a hatchet. Something. I don't know. They have sex. They die. You know the score. Something something Texas Chainsaw Massacre. Something something Friday the 13th. Lather, rinse, repeat. Please pass the bottle, this is going to be a long 90 minutes.		Writing and Directing:		I would say this movie was poorly directed, but that would be an insult to directors in general. To his credit, George Bessudo can at least frame a scene and capture his actors and their actions clearly. Shame he can't breathe any life into the turgid, stale script. The only element that sets this time-waster apart from the average slasher/backwoods horror flick is the heavy-handed and ridiculous soap opera that plays out in the first fifteen minutes. If you sit around the house all day watching shows like "Days Of Our Lives" and "The Young And The Restless" and think "Gee, this is great, but a couple buckets of fake blood and some gratuitous T & A would really make it sparkle!" then this may be the flick for you.		Acting:		Acting is virtually non-existent. Two people named Kelsey. Someone named Tara. Who cares? At least the bad guys seemed to be trying and, subsequently, the actors portraying them look like they had a little fun with it. For the bulk of the cast, you get the sense that the producer, reeking of hair gel and Axe body-spray, just called in some friends and was all like "Broseph, I got this film! You got to come down and be in it! You can be my lead! We got these girls who are willing to take their tops off for us!" It's actually a bit depressing that perfectly decent looking women took their clothes off for THIS.		Music:		Stale, standard score. Nothing impressive. I think the producer's cousin (his name is probably Derrick, and he probably has black, spikey hair and wears short-sleeved button-up shirts all the time) and his screamo/pop-punk band provided the rest of the soundscape. I hear they almost got to play the parking lot at the Warped Tour back in 2005, but it didn't work out. Keep shooting for the stars, guys!		The Bottom Line(s):		This movie is terrible and virtually irredeemable. Tolerable if left on in the background while you do more important things like, say, scooping your cat's litter box or picking lint out of your bellybutton. The standard T&A and buckets of red stuff offer a slight bit of relief, but for the most part, this one deserves to be left at the bottom of a lake. I had more fun writing this review than I did watching the movie, if that tells you anything.		Lesson Learned:		Don't bring a wallet with you when you go swimming. To paraphrase the great Dr. Zoidberg: "Your movie is bad and you should feel bad!"
1,I understand this movie has received a lot of + reviews. I wish I could include mine amongst them. But I really couldn't get into it. The actors and the sets all looked authentic, what the west probably looked like. But the actions these grisly looking cowboys take stretches the imagination. The director doesn't have the courage to give us a really bad guy in Crowe's character. We are told throughout the movie that Wade's a bad dude. Despite being the leader of this outlaw gang the script lets Wade's right hand man, Charlie Prince (played by Ben Foster), do the really despicable stuff. After Wade's gang takes on a heavily fortified Pinkerton stage coach he is captured while making a booty call (And we find out here he has an artistic side to as he draws a portrait of his lover). But he must be delivered to the 3:10 train to Yuma which will take him to prison.		This is where Christian Bale's character comes in. He plays Dan Evans, a civil war veteran. He has a bad leg that he injured in the war. He is struggling to make an honest living as a rancher. He and his 2 sons come across Wade and his gang by accident. After Wade is captured Evans signs on to the posse that will deliver Wade to justice. His motivation, we learn, has as much to do with proving himself to his boys than putting a killer behind bars.		As the posse escorts Wade to justice they go through many dangerous situations, including transit through indian territory. In one of the many things that stretch the imagination- Wade is able to overpower his captors on 3 seperate occasions while he is handcuffed in the front. And yet, after each recapture none of them has the brainstorm to cuff him in the back! The ending, which I won't reveal, also stretches the imagination. It seems that Wade has true empathy for Rancher Evans? Not realistic at all. It seems to me that the West was more likely populated by really bad men, characters like Eastwood's 'William Munny' in Unforgiven or Henry Fonda's 'Frank' in Once Upon a time in the West or William Holden's 'Pike Bishop' from the Wild Bunch. These killers didn't have to wait for a gallant quickdraw showdown in the streets to start blastin people. If they could get the jump on a foe by shooting them in the back or while they were unarmed then so much the better. They were just mean and ornery through and through. We don't see that here.
1,I had high hopes for this after reading some decent reviews. What a shambles this film is. A decent cast all fail to provide anything worth sticking with.	What a long two hours this was listening to Colin Farrell's awful Cockney accent. The story is boring and has far too much swearing, even for a gangster film.	Don't bother with this. there are far better films out there!
1,CASE WAS CUT COMPLETELY IN HALF AND WAS CRUSHED...MOVIE WAS IN GREAT CONDITION...EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED!!!!...I DON'T KNOW WHO OR WHY THEY WOULD SEND IT LIKE THAT!!!!...I'M STILL IN DISBELIEF!!!!!!!
1,I agree with all the comments about how fascinating (and devastating) the historical information is re: orphaned children.  As a paranormal investigation, it is laughable.  Was that REALLY someone SMOKING A CIGARETTE while they were usually highly-sophisticated thermal and visual detection devices.  REALLY?  You have got to be kidding.
1,I only got about 5 minutes into this movie. It was too gross.	Carolyn McNeil, author of&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Sand-Dollar-Coloring-Book-Sand-Dollar-Coloring-Books-Volume-1/dp/1974255239/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Sand Dollar Coloring Book (Sand Dollar Coloring Books) (Volume 1)</a>
1,This version is edited it's a waste of time, please replace with the unrated version.
1,I was real glad I didn't have to pay for this movie because any price would be too much.  It was just a stupid movie....too bad cuz both stars have more potential than this.
1,Waste of time and money
1,We left the theater it was so bad. It's a mess of everyone singing on top of each other and will give you a headache. Avoid this.
1,The plot makes no sense.  Episodes are episodic, not allowing for much character building nor climatic storytelling.  The protagonists, the Legion of Superheroes, do a lot of stupid things throughout each episode, but the most questionable of things they have done was in the beginning of the first episode: they went back in time only to get a child Superman rather than the fully matured Superman we all know and love.  It makes no sense to go back in time for Superman and choose to grab him when he's a kid rather than later in his life.  It also does not seem as though they can ever bring him back to his time, even though they say they can.  I never see time travel again in the first few episodes I've watched.  I honestly had a hard time justifying watching the whole series because of the lack of a thought out plot.		The animation quality is nothing special, but it isn't bad. It is simply more cartoon fodder for your kids.  The show's heroes are kids after all.  That said, it is oddly entertaining at times if you like to take that trip down memory lane with the DC universe.  There were a few references to old characters but Superman had no idea who they were.  This nostalgia trip was nice, but it was given in such small doses that it wasn't a redeeming quality of the show.
1,I haven't watched this and DON'T even like the photo on the front cover. Furthermore I have no intention of watching this based solely on the ugly photo on the front cover. WHY would they ask me for a review?
1,Didn't care for the movie, but I didn't watch all of it.
1,Most of the film is simply the crew sitting around the inside of their space ship talking . That's it a real dud with the captivating picture of the Ice on Europa the only scene of interest and unfortunately only visible for seconds out of a boring movie .
1,The maker of this film has a third grade 11th century understanding of religion - his arguments are rather pathetic and could be countered by most 8th grades - but hey we all have to make a living somehow
1,Can't believe she was in that movie!
1,Found it very slow and not much impact on the acting but the story was good
1,Great story, love the history.  Way too much sex.  Not a series you could watch with your children.  Do we really need to see the actors completely naked every episode?
1,it was ok expected more from Denzel and Mark, script kind of lame who is writing these things 2 top named actors and you get this?
1,This is really corny, and boring.  Along the lines of that "Thankskilling"  movie about the turkey.
1,slowwwwwwwwwww
1,When Tim Robbins and Sean Penn won Academy awards for their roles in "Mystic River," I just knew I'd see the film sooner or later.  Plus, I love Tim Robbins' progressive politics anyway.  This movie was such a letdown.  It ran too long.  I didn't sympathize with Robbins' character in the slightest.  I loved Robbins' dorky look and I loved Penn's muscular torso, gray temples, and big hair.  However, any admiration stops there.  This film was a bunch of nothing.  I don't know why Laurence Fishburne put on so much weight for his role.  This film wouldn't help people understand the sexually abused better and it  wouldn't help the sexually abused come to terms with their tragic victimization.  I love the way that sports balls falling into sewers was a metaphor here.  In fact, they should have played it up more.  Still, very disappointing.  This must be one reason why moviegoers don't take the Oscars seriously.
1,I expected so much more from this movie and it just was not there at all.  If you just wanted to watch the choreographed martial arts and sword play in it you MIGHT find it somewhat interesting but even that strains credibility for instance when the lead female character pulls a knife out of someone's stomach and there is not a drop of blood on the blade...HUH???  The plot was seriously lacking, the acting was sub par, the characters were one dimensional, the directing was terrible and I cannot imagine why I watched it all the way to the end. Definitely a B movie.  Save your time and watch something else, if you must watch it rent but definitely don't buy it.
1,Just wanted to add my 2 cents to this discussion....I can wait till 2015 if I have too.****2011 it was worth the wait 5 stars to the extended edition blu ray!
1,One criterion in judging the mettle of a performer is whether they can make reading the phone book interesting.  Unfortunately that is basically what Melissa McCarthy is called upon to do here.  McCarthy is fine but she has little to hang her performance onto due to an inept script by husband Ben Falcone who is also the film's director.  Ditto Peter Dinklage who gets sparse laughs as McCarthy's vengeance minded former lover.  My reaction is not knee-jerk because I was a fan of the previous collaboration between McCarthy and Falcone, "Tammy".  To be democratic my wife absolutely loved this film finding it to be an uproarious feminist empowerment comedy.
1,Wasn't expecting much ....so wasn't disappointed.  Just more Prime trash
1,Its ok .Jack
1,Bad, bad acting.
1,"Holy anal leakage, Batman!" -- what Robin would say about "Fantastic Four"		That may be a reference to the wrong movie in question, but after seeing this pukebucket excuse of a movie, a shot-by-shot remake of the 1966 "Batman" doesn't sound like that bad of an idea. Nearly fifty years after the Fatastic...sorry...Fantastic Four made their debut on the Marvel comics, filmmakers have stapled together what has to be the lamest and most pathetic superhero movie in history. Come to think of it, you can't really call "Fantastic Four" a superhero movie. The movie has failed to convince me that these four are superheroes.		Something you need to consider is the exaggeration by the MPAA with the word "intense" right in the middle of the organization's reasoning. I can understand that they are probably rating this movie with the awareness that little kids can only take so much, but get a load of this. According to the MPAA web site, "Spider-Man 2" is rated PG-13 for "stylized action violence." If this movie is by any means more intense than "Spider-Man 2," then Bugs Bunny should run for president. "Fantastic Four" is about as intense as its own lunchbox marketing advertisements.		I should be ashamed for even mentioning "Spider-Man 2" while discussing this movie. With Spider-Man and Batman you at least have heroes with semi-serious origins. Peter Parker was bitten by a genetically mutated spider. Exaggeration, but you can buy it. Bruce Wayne witnessed the murder of his parents. Arguably the most plausible superhero origin ever. Reed Richards (Ioan Gruffudd), siblings Sue (Jessica Alba) and Johnny Storm (Chris Evans), Ben Grimm (Michael Chiklis), and Victor Von Doom (Julian McMahon) receive their superpowers when they are sent into space to investigate a mysterious star storm that is lingering near Earth. You would think that NASA would be more concerned as to whether or not the storm is heading towards us.		Study the last names of the film's main charcters and I'll give you fifty points if you guess who the villain is. Reed Richards is Mr. Fantastic, able to stretch his body to immeasurable lengths; Sue Storm is Invisible Woman, who is, well, invisible but is inexplicably able to generate force fields; Johnny Storm is The Human Torch, able to ignite his body at will and also fly at the same time; Ben Grimm is The Thing, a massive, hulking piece of granite that appears to have been vandalized with orange paint.		While his associates dwell in celebrety status, Victor Von Doom, who funded the space mission with billions of dollars, wades in misery. His company is crumbling and his four best friends are sucking up all of the positive attention from the media. Due to the star storm's effects, Doom's entire biophysical structure is in the process of being replaced with titanium alloy, and he becomes able to generate electricity. Also, the internal transformation leads to facial disfigurement, and he resorts to wearing an iron mask. He officially "becomes" Dr. Doom with fifteen minutes left in the movie when he finally stops moaning about the success of the Fantastic Four and gets on with destroying them. He even lets us know how many of the four he has taken care of and how many there are left.		Before the climax there is only one small part that can qualify as an action sequence, and that is a rescue mission by the Fantastic Four on a bridge. This gives them their fame and their names. Wow, and are we supposed to care if a fire truck is about to fall over the bridge and The Thing is trying to pull it to safety?		That the first and final showdown between the Fantastic Four and Dr. Doom is exciting doesn't mean that the film has an ounce of value. We all know that superheroes struggle with balancing their everyday lives with their alter egos, but why would you waste your time with a movie in which the superheroes are intent on getting rid of their powers? At least Spider-Man realized that "with great power comes great responsibility." The Fantastic Four are a bunch of whiners. They argue and come close to destroying each other before Dr. Doom can actually become a threat.		There are no acceptable performances in Tim Story's film. There are only cardboard cut-outs of wise-cracking superheroes engulfed in cheesy special effects. "Fantastic Four" should be apalled by itself when lined up next to the other superhero comic book adaptations released in the past couple of years, even some of the mediocre ones. "Daredevil," "Hulk," and "X2: X-Men United." Imperfect films that at least tried to be what they could. This movie is a perfect example of laziness, and my pearl of wisdom to filmmakers is that the four Marx Brothers are the only fantastic four.
1,Boring and made little sense.  The first hour could have been cut from the film because it added very little.  They over did it with the sex scenes which added nothing to the story.  Story?  There isn't one.  A creepy psycho boyfriend who is a control freak falls for some mixed-up kid who looks like he could be sixteen years old.  I had no idea what the time period was until the end.  The cell phone gave that away.		Nothing in this movie makes any sense especially these letters the main character kept receiving.  The first time I watched it I turned it off after about twenty minutes because it was so dull.  Then I decided to try to watch it again.  Personally I do not like movies where the characters have a thick British accent like the main character has.  I couldn't understand most of what he said which is probably why I didn't learn his name until after an hour into the movie.		Like other recent movies that I've seen, there were too many transitions from one time period to another so it was difficult to follow where we are in the story.  It takes a long time before anything happens--at least an hour.  The near death scene on the island was unrealistic especially when the victim escaped out of story.  Obviously a scene cut from this already boring film.  From that point on it started to get interesting which had me wondering why all the worthless filler at the beginning that took up most of the movie.		The entire movie could have been cut down to thirty minutes including commercials.  That's about all that is worth seeing of it without falling asleep.
1,I BOUGHT THIS THINKING IT WAS THE MOVIE RAW FOR 30 DAYS, SORTA A REVIRSE OF THE MOVIE SUPER SIZE ME WHICH WAS FANTASTIC. I WATCHED THIS AND IT WAS SEVERAL WELL KNOWN PEOPLE TELLING YOU ABOUT GOING RAW, I HAVE READ SEVERAL BOOKS ON THE SUBJECT AND THIS DVD HAD NOTHING NEW IN IT. I WOULD SAVE MY MONEY $29 AND GO ON LINE OR YOU TUBE AND PULL UP DAVID WOLF, YOU TUBE HAS DOZENS OF RAW INFORMATION
1,I thought it was a poorly done Sci-Fi.  This is just my view.  Some may enjoy it.  There are people in my family that like a sort of B movie format.  I really did not like it.  Sorry.
1,Very bad movie. Not sure why Jesse Eisenberg gets so many movies, good agent perhaps? Definitely not worth watching.
1,disappointing dvd as it comes across more as a tourist tour dvd of Constantinople rather than good historical info and background....the seller got the dvd to me as promised, so no complaints on that point.
1,What a boring season after so many funny ones.
1,I have never before seen such a complete & toxic assassination of a movie before. To be clear I absolutely LOVED the theatrical version release of "Payback". Good paced, dark humor gangster movie. No redeeming qualities in any of the characters (except the Pitt Bull of course), beyond that Gibson's character is the closest you get to an honest one. Just good clean fun & violence. Being a movie freak I jumped to order both a Blu-ray & Director's release only to realize the horror that could have been. The re-cut (& re-cut & re-shuffled & re-cut again) version is an abomination. The movie has become BORING with all the extra introspective scenes into the Characters. You lose your affection for Gibson as he's now much more annoying to follow. Even the movie that jumps back & forth more would make even less sense had I not seen the original. This movie should be burned & the Director thank his lucky stars that he had an awesome Film Editor to turn his junk into a great movie.
1,A rich man dies in a race car accident and the cops think there is foul play. Meanwhile there is a twisty plot going on involving the son and three beautiful women...and yes we do get a "foursome" with nudity.		The plot twists without clues and does so simply for the sake of twisting...Oh look at us, we are clever script writers. Except for the eye candy scene, the film was boring, as if it came from a TV script.		F-bomb, sex, and nudity (Jillian Murray, Jessie Nickson)
1,this was cool in the theater, becuase it was realistic and looked nice, in this version the only 2 colors you can see are shades of blue and red and it makes it like a whole different video, it was a movie I remembered as the best 3D movie I had ever seen, and on this version, it is just like anything else, its not worth the money to get this DVD, just wait til someone uploads it on thepiratebay or demonoid and get it free.
1,Kristen Wig is amazing, but the hand of the writer is just so obnoxiously apparent in this "film"
1,Severin is a great company that usually puts out a wonderful quality product; unfortunately, The Sinful Dwarf on Blu-ray is not one of those products. It looks like their remastering was simply a transfer of the original DVD digital material and not struck from any film elements. The blacks are mid-to-dark grey and during most scenes it looks like the film is being projected against a dirty sheet.		  I understand the film is rare and the original source material is probably non-existent, but why bother releasing a limited edition (of 3,000!!!) Blu-ray when you have nothing to add from the original DVD release? Unless, you are just trying to squeeze a few more dollars from fanboys (like me) who have already purchased both of Severins original DVD releases, greed can be the only answer.		  When I compare my Severin DVDs against the newly released Severin Blu-ray, the prints are exactly the same (the cue dots and fiber pulls are the same) but the DVDs quality is much better.  Please take my advice and keep your DVDs. There is no reason to re-purchase this one. If you do not own this film, hunt down the original DVDs and purchase those. You will save yourself some money and be much happier.
1,This movie blows.  2 episodes only - which will leave you uncertain about where this is going and where it all began.
1,Movie sucked!
1,Alright, I know this is a total chick flick and I was hoping at least the parts where Julia Roberts's teeth showed up would be good enough. Yet not even her enormous mouth can save this mess.		You can fast-forward the first 29 minutes or so as it's all slow back story. I did not and now I'll never get those 29 minutes of my life back.		Now once Ms. Roberts lands in Italy the movie starts to come to life. The friends she makes in Italy and the scenarios involving food, gestures, joining soccer fans in Napoli and exploring Rome make for a fantastic movie. That movie I wanted to see.		Sadly, as soon as that gets started it's over and off to India. Landing in India we get that helter skelter taxi cab ride through the bizarre culture shock that is the Asian subcontinent. Then the movie reverts back to slow as molasses boredom in an ashram. Sorry, I just cannot handle navel-gazing hippy nonsense. That whole section of the flick I did fast-forward.		Then onto Bali where the story of Julia's journey actually started in the "fillum." There it's pretty much hit and more miss as Javier No Country and her start a romance that is fine for what it is but involves way too much neurosis on Julia's part.		So I'd say overall Eat is excellent, Pray is hideous and Love is just mediocre. Personally, I would have liked to have dumped Julia and stayed in Rome to follow her close friends--the Swedish woman and her Italian boyfriend. Now they were an infinitely more interesting couple than No Country for Bali and Erin Bali-no-vich.		DVD has a director's cut and a making of extra with the director going on and on about how wonderful this tale was. Whatever, sell the movie to the converted who love the book but as one who did not read the book, this is not a good movie on its own. At least the scenery is most of the places was good to look at.
1,This is the worst movie I have ever seen! Acting is horrible and the plot is no where to be found! Don't waste your money people....
1,I admit that this novel is more difficult to be turned into a film than e.g. "Jane Eyre", which was written by Anne Bronts sister Charlotte and already turned into films as well as theatre plays more than once. Usually one feels with Jane from the beginning on, since she is portrayed as a victim, while Helen's situation is mysterious at the beginning and clarified only after a while.		In particular I believe that right before the opening titles of the film a few explanations concerning the laws and customs of the time it is set in would have been necessary (early 19th century) with regard to the situation and role of women in the English society of the time: The Tenant of Wildfell Hall" was received with an enormous scandal by the readers when it was first published since it is the story of a woman who leaves her husband. The marital vow "for better for worse" applied without exception then, even if, as in this case, the husband develops a drinking habit, beats his wife, humiliates her in public and wants to teach his son drinking and mindlessly killing animals, too. Usually, at the time a woman did not have the right on own property either and thus was at the mercy of some man - father, uncle, guardian, husband - all of her life. That Helen actually works to earn her living was for this reason also seen as scandalous. The situation of e.g. Jane Eyre is easier understandable for today's reader respectively viewer, since she is an orphan and remains unmarried until the novel's last chapter, which may explain perhaps why her story is by far more popular and universally understandable than the one about Helen Huntingdon, although it does not rank behind it in depth, tragedy and criticism against the society of the time: in both cases we are dealing with a woman struggling for her own independence and personal dignity against all the circumstances against her.		I believe that the novel could have been made into a good and interesting film: but instead of emphasizing the social factors of the time in order to make Helens' situation more understandable, the authors rely on clichs and cheap, trashy effects. Arthur's orgies are shown, once we have to witness how Arthur almost rapes Helen, the birth of their son is to be seen almost graphically; the child's fall into a crevice and subsequent rescue during a trip to the sea were never part of the novel, and Helen was not present when Gilbert beat her brother out of jealousy. At the end of the film we have not Gilbert who wrongly believes that Helen is getting married again, it is she who believes he is the groom; but the groom is her own brother, how high is the probability that she did not know he was to be married on this day?	Helen was described as a very gifted painter in the novel, while we hardly see her works in the film; also she was depicted as extraordinarily beautiful, which one can unfortunately not say of Tara Fitzgerald. Additionally, she interprets her as a woman who is often short-tempered and fierce, instead of sweet and lovable; as a viewer your sometimes ask yourself why Gilbert falls in love with her at all.		Arthur's companions are very important in the novel, but in the film their characterisation is very two-dimensional and they mostly seem to merge with the background, although the film is really long enough and would not have needed to be shortened on such important matters respectively characters. Helen's own friends, in particular Hattersley's later wife, the gentle, meek Milicent, and the self-assured Esther, appear only at the fringes and do not really play a role here. The entanglement around Lord Lowborough and Arthur's love affair with Lowborough's wife are wholly omitted, although they are very important in the novel. Hargrave, another example for a man who tortures Helen and does not acknowledge her for being herself, is also portrayed by far too wanly; and Gilbert is seen as an uncontrolled, impulsive man, so that as a viewer you can't but ask yourself why he of all people is supposed to be a better mate for Helen.		Same thing as usual - quality pays the toll to the advantage of clichs, and the plot does not become more interesting for that, on the contrary. Instead of actually reading the book, the producers have limited themselves to filter the book's most dramatic highlights, to invent a few new ones and to garnish all of it with nice pictures and settings and popular actors.	A pity! I hope that this novel will sooner or later be turned into a film in a way that does it justice, because this film version definitively didn't come up to it.
1,I am a big fan of super-heroes but did not know much about DC's Watchmen.  I finally bought the movie because it was on sale and was excited to finally get to see it.  It was a bit of a disappointment, however.  The first hour nearly had me ready to turn it off, it was so boring.  I managed to make it to the ninety minute mark before giving up and honestly, I am unsure if I will try it again.  Life is too short.  Maybe fans of the comic will appreciate it more but it just wasn't for me.
1,I've seen "Scary movie 1" and "Scary movie 2" and found them funny. A little bit stupid but funny (I bought both of them anyway). And I had high spectations for this one because I found the trailer very good. So when I got this one and started wacthing it, i was waiting for the good funny stuff to come but let me tell you that I just laughed during one scene and nothing more. Besides the movie only takes 74 minutes.	You'll find several known people here like Pamela Anderson, Queen Latifah and Leslie Nielsen. Finally I can say that they tried very hard on this one because there were not several terror movies that came out lately and one proof of that is that you'll find here a parody of Eminem's "8 mile".
1,Ok I did see the first one.  And that one bored me to death.  I've seen the "psychological horror" cliche a million times.  Gore for gore sakes bores me, so it really doesn't matter how much blood is spilt the first time or the second time around.  I look at this film and films like it and I have to wonder to myself, why watch a movie who's only sake in living is to show death?...I mean really...the Jigsaw killer's desire is to explain to the victims that life is important?  Of course most of the victims never live to see the "grand scheme of things".  So that writes off that appeal.  People getting torn, ripped, shot at, slammed...yes, I guess great special effects, but nothing you haven't seen if you prefer movies like SEVEN or The Cell or even Silence of the Lamb.  The only reason this movie exists is so that more gory scenes can be conceived just to panhandle the desires of people who only like violence for the sake of violence.  If I wanted to explore violence, I'd watch FOX news and see reports concerning everything from Katrina to the War on Terror.  The story line is written to fit the violence, not the violence used metaphorically to explore the grander development of a storyline.  Like I said, violence for violence sake is popular, but really, there's better horror movies out there that try to develop actual characters to explore fear and uncertainty (such as the badly titled movie, Boo, great movie, scary movie, but bad bad bad name).  Then again, Saw isn't the best of names either.
1,Just could not get into this movie.  Actually turned it off about 20 minutes into the movie.  I guess it could gotten better--did not stick around to find out.
1,poor excuse for a comedy.  I hope other countries don't try and use this film as a template for making comedies.  This is the lowest talent that exists in america.  On behalf of my fellow country men and women i apologize for this filth and please remember this is not what life is really like in the U.S.
1,I did not like Wentworth's ignoring Anne until near the end of the movie. Anne's family was so ignorant towards her, especially her sister. What a witch! Her father was an a$$
1,The story follows the New 52 Justice League.  I read the comic when it first came out and found it to be entertaining.  It is more or less a reboot with the heroes meeting each other for the first time.  They band together to fight an invasion by Darkseid.  The development of the story itself was done well.  Each hero fought crime alone and did not appreciate the added value of teamwork until they were forced to when facing overwhelming odds.  However, the negatives out way the positives in this movie.  The prime example is the representation of some of the characters as immature brats, most notably Wonder Woman and Green Lantern.  Wonder Woman was especially annoying with her constant talk about being a warrior.  I've pretty much seen all the animation films of her character in the past 10 years and this is the worst by far, including the voice acting.  I also disliked the intentional incongruities of the story line to make for more dramatic effect.  Case in point, Cyborg has difficulty opening and closing boom tubes to make for a more thrilling battle with Darkseid.  Then at the end of the story, he has absolutely no problem opening them to take back human hostages.  My recommendation is to skip this movie and read the print version.  It is much better.  If you want to watch a very good Justice League movie, then go see the Flashpoint Paradox.
1,First of all, the female apes look like Michael Jackson and Prince. I was expecting them to sing "Beat It" or "Purple Rain." What's the point anyways? In order for the remake to work, they would've needed to totally make this spectacular. Instead, this is simply a rehash and doesn't live up to the original. At least with the Charlie's Angels remake, they added humor to it and made it fun. This one fails to impress. Maybe if Drew Barrymore or Cameron Diaz had been the astronaut it would have worked...
1,Jerry Bruckheimer had got to be kiddin' to cast the now over round Gemma Arterton as the quintessential Princess Tamina in the eye of Dastan (Gyllenhaal) and his fellow Persian Empire brothers...WTF, these two stars could well be just because of THAT reason alone! Shame on Walt Disney Pictures!!
1,It is difficult and probably pointless to watch "I Know Who Killed Me" and not think about all of Lindsay Lohan's personal problems this past year.  When the DVD was loading and the obligatory boilerplate warning about the commentary track came up my mind immediately started a riff about Lohan doing such a track, wailing and moaning about how everybody is out to get her and wondering why nobody likes her.  The movie cost $12 million to make and grossed $7 million, but even though pretty much nobody went to the theater to see it last summer I am sure the studio will make back its money on those of us who rent it just to see the final nail in Lohan's acting career (maybe not forever, but at least for the foreseeable future).  I have the nasty suspicion that more people who hate Lohan will buy a copy of "I Know Who Killed Me" than will her fans.		Lohan plays Aubrey Fleming, a budding pianist and high school student who disappears after a football game.  Several young women have been abducted from the area lately and the police suspect a sadistic serial killer who has been maiming his victims, which worries Aubrey's parents (Julia Ormond, Neal McDonough), and her boyfriend, Jerrod (Brian Geraghty).  The opening act of the movie fast forwards what would be your basic torture porn horror film to get to the point where Aubrey is found, but when she wakes up in the hospital and is confronted with the extent of her mutilation, she insists she her name is Dakota Moss (a poorly chosen name since it invites comparisons to both Dakota Fanning and Kate Moss that do nothing for Lohan).  I find this to be a rather interesting premise, to have a victim so traumatized by what has happen to them that they take refuge in another persona.  But this 2007 film wants to play with the idea that there is another explanation for what is going on here; in fact, it offers a couple of different hypotheses.		Lohan's performance is pretty bad, which I think has to do with the fact that she is badly miscast here.  This film is also hurt by the scenes of Dakota as an exotic dancer because there is no nudity and the eroticism displayed by Lohan at the club is less than you would expect form a made for TV movie.  This ain't Demi Moore embracing her role in "Striptease," that is for sure.  By the time Dakota shows up for a pole dance with nipples painted on her bustier, I was wondering if maybe the point is not that this is bad girl Dakota dancing but good girl Aubrey's simplistic idea of what dancing at a strip club is like.  The film's sex scene is quite bizarre for several reasons (e.g., the comic counterpoint with the mom cleaning the kitchen sink), but the paradoxical nature of sex in this film comes up again as her character keeps her bra on for most of it (something that is quickly becoming a cliche in movies).  I find this ironic, because I would double down on a bet that the next time Lohan appears on film she is going to have to do actual nudity because her next offer will be an exploitation film that fames this one look like classic cinema (i.e., yeah, it can get worse, Lindsay, a whole lot worse).		The torture porn scenes are disquieting, but ultimately wrong for this movie, which needed to be done more in the Hitchock tradition than that of Eli Roth or whoever Chris Sivertson is trying to emulate.  Even then, I am not sure if that would work for a film that really is an exploitation film at heart, by which I mean that it is a twisted tale of the sort that exists only in grindhouse cinema.  If the story were the story here, instead of the lead actress, then maybe this movie would work better, but the movie is saddled with Lohan and the tragic farce her life has become, which overshadows such mundane concerns as whether anybody in the local police department ever bothered to check fingerprints.  But the story by novice screenwriter Jeff Hammond does try to do something different, and even if it ultimately fails in that regard it should at least be considered on its own merits.  The problem becomes that it takes us a long while to become convinced that this movie is about what it ends up being about; I was into last act before I finally understood it really was going in that direction.		The special features on the DVD include not only an alternate opening and an alternate ending, but also an extended strip dance and bloopers (I am not making that order up).  I was almost tempted to take off another star on this train wreck just because of the special features, since the alternate ending speaks to a lake of artistic vision by the director and the extended strip dance qualifies as adding insult to injury.  The sexy dance is not sexy, the bloopers are not funny, and in the end the big quandry is whether in the final analysis "I Know Who Killed Me" was hurt or helped by Lohan's presence.  Of course, if this indeed proves to be Lohan's last film, the biggest irony would be how she has come full circle from her first one.
1,I didn't finish, found it unwatchable, as though someone couldn't be bothered designing an actual story. The result was a hodgepodge of scenes that tried to be interesting by focusing on non-story elements: A glass eye (a glass eye does not a story element make in a movie about a financial crisis), a stripper, wood blocks, clips of Americans going about their supposedly superficial daily business. And then there's this: During the housing boom, I looked up the average American salary (About $43k/year). Even in a two-income family, that's not enough to support a mortgage for a home that was 3X what it had been just five years prior. Interest rates were at extremely low rates. So when interest rates went back up and any of these homes went back on the market because of a job move or any other reason, just who did they think would be able to qualify to purchase that home? The Bush administration began talking about 40-year mortgages and somehow equated that to a healthy economy. A few years before the boom, neither my neighbors nor myself could qualify for a $140k mortgage without having 25% down. At the beginning of the boom, when that same home jumped to $190k (eventually landing at $400k) that same bank (Chase) tried to convince me to take out a loan on it with almost nothing down (I didn't bite; instead waited for the crash and bought low). I'm sure this same story could be multiplied by millions. That the whole thing was a scam was obvious. That it would collapse, that it would drain Americans of their salaries thereby causing billions to leave almost every other industry (especially restaurant and retail) because people couldn't PAY for it, was also obvious. There was no "hidden" crisis here to uncover. It was there all along, bold and brazen. And you don't think the economists, the politicians, the Wall Street mathematicians didn't know it?
1,I will NOT be buying this release. Its a joke and rather insulting. Like many others, i will not be tricked into buying this version, just because its on blu-ray. Ill be waiting for the final release of the extended cut.		I was seriously mad when i saw the extended cuts weren't being released.  Anyone with any common sense won't waste their money on this.  My dvds will work just fine for the time being.
1,Fine for kids--interesting sets, probably quite authentic.  Just hard to imagine someone who is publicized as doing so much good being as stupid as Robin.  He wouldn't have lasted beyond the first episode in the real world!  Realize it is intended to be comedic and tongue in cheek, so it's fine for the kiddies.
1,Worst film I've ever had the misfortune to watch. I like Sandra Bullock and can't believe she lowered herself to this rubbish. Nonsense un-believable plot - the ending is obvious 5 seconds into the film. Forced to watch it by my better half - who also agrees its 90 minutes of her life she'll never get back....boooooo. Only gets 1 star as Amazon won't let me give it none (if its even possible to give nothing...but you know what I mean..)
1,This was a very poor spin off.  It could have been so much more.
1,The plot is not cohesive, the acting is slightly worse than I'd expect in a good high school play, and the special effects aren't worth much at all. For all of that, this thing an honest if low-budget attempt at an original story. I can appreciate that. Character exposition stinks, too.
1,The sound quality so bad I couldn't last more than 10 min
1,Just so so
1,The problem with Yi Yi is not with the director or the cast -- it's the fact that the story is not truthful enough to make this style of film work. To present a work that goes on for almost 3 hours, and never see one truthful moment until the end -- which turned out to be pure cliche, by the way -- was excruciating. Yet the actors did a tremendous job with what they had. And, The film calls to mind Kieslowski as the theme is subtly reflected in the film technique as well as dialogue. Unfortunately the good elements are wasted with all of the over-long scenes where the characters are not allowed to take their actions through to their logical conclusion. Perhaps if they did, Mr. Yang's film would have been too controversial. Maybe this film is an example of where the Chinese culture is right now, as it decides what to cast off as this ancient society transforms into its next age of growth.
1,Dated story flow, uninspired script, boring, flat cinematography, and obviously won a bunch of Oscars because we as a people were traumatized about losing the Viet Nam war. George C Scott is a great actor, as is Karl Malden; the others are meh, and the director did not do a good job of creating any kind of complexity in the reality-based characters--of which there is plenty! We watched to the end out of--hope? Loyalty? Something, but it wasn't worth it.
1,This is  simply awful.  I sat through it hoping it would get better, but it did not.  The acting is terrible, the story is trite and plot is transparent.  If you want to drink beer and do the Mystery Science Theater thing with your friends, this is good fodder.
1,A couple of really funny moments, but not worth 2 hours of my life. At least now I know not to let my kids watch it when they're teenagers.
1,I didn't like it. Excessive violence for no reason.
1,I love monster movies!  Bought this one based on the great looking monster and soldier on back cover.  Most of the movie you don't see a monster...no soldiers, and at the very end you get a flash of the "monster," which didn't look AT ALL like the back pictue.  Felt very let down and feel this is real close to false advertising!  Save your money and buy "Bait" (shark) instead!
1,I could only watch 5 minutes because it is inane and has no redeeming qualities even if it does star Nicole Kidman.
1,Terribly stupid movie.  Me Carey's wanna be a gay character doesn't come across as sincere at all.  AND YOU NEVER MAKE FUN OF AIDS!!!  The writers / director are insensitive and I insane.  Terribley offensive.  Maybe this is why his career is largely washed up!!!  Bad, bad movie!
1,As Advertised
1,The movie is nothing special, but is good for what it is.  That's honestly all I can say about it.  Worth watching if you can find it on Netflix, but not nessicarily worth paying full price at store or online for.
1,Ok. 1st, the plot was really non-existant other than the fact they were a nazi family that eats people for food & serving their guests the same, hanging them up on hooks in a freezer. 2nd, in any evil situation, realistically there should have been NO LIMITS to any of the scenes, however this is the unrated version & it is cut & censored when it came to any love-making or scenes where nudity should have been a big issue. I mean these were some nice nazi's! They are so kind to kill & let the victims keep their clothes on while they are being slaughtered. Also there is a scene where the captured woman Yasmine is forced to sit while one of the nazi's family cuts off yasmine's hair, again all dressed & that is so unrealistic considering that the nazi's sent endless numbers of victims to their deaths in the freezing cold with no clothes, no hair & no hope. During the war with Hitler jews were sent to a place called THE SHOWERS WITH NO WATER after cutting off their hair. It was a very unsavory experience for the jews. So here we have nice nazi's, no rape scenes, (Yasmine is already pregnant by her boyfriend who dies) & the nice nazi's are good with that because they are looking for new blood in the family. There is no nudity, & the film is definetely one you can call grade B-low budget to say the least. So unless you are looking for a movie where the only thing that happens is watching clothed people being slaughtered then avoid purchasing this movie as it is certainly not worth the money. This is a true example of fiction created after the millenium. in this case, the movie was made in 2007 using a more societal expected setting, not a true realistic setting for a film. Just what you would expect from society as they think it is better to show less than more. Sorry society, but disney is your setting & the real world is not that nice. Also the language is set in french & only english subtitles are available. Hope this helps you when making a real purchase over this bogus one. Thanks
1,Im a fan of childs play 1, 2, and 3 and I think the bride of chucky was ok. This movie is horrible. I would like people to explain to me what was good in this movie because I saw nothing. There was bad acting, poor character development, unnecessary and unrealistic dialogue. I don't know what they were thinking making the movie the way they did. The only good thing i can say about this movie is that the scary parts of the movie were ok. By the way Fiona dourif is the little girl in this movie. It was unnecessary to make her curse in this movie. Thats bad parenting brad. If you disagree, tell me what was good in this movie.
1,First of all this isn't really a true sci-fi film, the script builds a world but fails to explore any of it save a narrow storyline which is basically a hyped after-school special type of story. You know the kind where there's the HS girl who doesn't belong but works hard to prove herself, add obstacle for instant heroine and then finish by pairing her with the hard-to-get cute guy, love & integrity win the day yada yada yada. The story is very predictable which is strange since the theme is "divergence". If your an adult but are interested in these kinds of stories you're better off investing in the 'Hunger Games' series where the world they build is more complete, nuanced and layered.
1,I like off the wall movies, I thought this would be much better then it was. It was oddly difficult to follow which I think what the director was going for. I didn't like it however you might.
1,Very very cheesy and low budget but decent if you are super bored
1,Movie started slow not much of a story line. The acting was so- so.
1,God awful crap.  I got this movie free with Amazon Prime and I turned it off after 10 minutes.  Annoying characters, horrible acting, an "abandoned asylum" that looks like the back room of the local Elks lodge, and camera work reminiscent of a high school A/V class project.
1,I saw a couple of other reviews which stated this was a "real" workout which made them sweat.  I have a foot injury and am looking for anything which will give me a workout while allowing my foot to heal.  This is not that workout.  In my opinion it barely qualifies as a workout.  Very, very lightweight overall.  The best part was the abs section.  I did feel like my abs got a halfway decent workout.  I did Denise Austin years ago and thought I would like this, but I didn't.		To me this is more for beginners or people who have had major illness or injury and are trying to get back into things.  I just didn't feel it at all.
1,Clunky is the nicest term I can apply to this Oscar winning film.  Dated, is another good term to describe it.  I've seen it twice and don't have plans to watch it ever again.  There is only one good sequence in this overlong western: the land rush.  Unfortunately, that's at the beginning of this long epic and what follows is riddled with clichs and bad acting.  Stereotypes abound, the dialog is patently silly, the Oscar nominated performance by Richard Dix has to be seen to be believed.  (Nothing about his performance is natural or lifelike.  It's a cartoon: his wild eyes perpetually crazy, his head jerking as he struck these florid poses to bloviate the dopiest dialog ever imagined.  This was not method acting, unless, there was method to his madness?)	I only enjoyed the incomparable Edna May Oliver as the local busy body; everything else was just tedious and dull.		Not a keeper because there are much better westerns to be had.
1,This film follows a long tradition of "prince & pauper" tales. The actors are beautiful, the story is timeless, but that's about it. It seemed longer than it was.
1,Tyler Perry's Madea Gets A Job is funny...for about the first thirty minutes. After that it starts to grate on the nerves thanks to Madea preaching too much and too much singing not enough comedy.
1,Mix together random ingredients of Anne Rice and Anita Blake, add a dollop of wretched writing, and finish with a vacuous, passive heroine who serves as the fans' stand-in.		This is the winning formula for the "The Twilight Saga (Twilight / New Moon / Eclipse)," a ridiculously overhyped series chronicling the overwrought romance of a century-old vampire and a completely ordinary teen girl. It's the stuff of a thousand teenage girls' fan-fiction fantasies, complete with wretchedly wooden acting and all the excitement of a wet squib.		"Twilight" introduces us to Bella Swan (Kristen Stewart), a stone-faced plain-Jane who moves to the rainy town of Forks. But then she meets Edward Cullen (Robert Pattinson), who is hot, rich, and plays the "stay away from me because I'm dangerous" seduction card. Eventually Bella figures out the bleeding obvious: Edward is a vampire with sparkly skin and a "vegetarian" diet.		But their budding relationship is thrown into turmoil when an evil vampire decides to hunt Bella, and draws her into a dangerous trap. Then things get even worse in "New Moon" when Edward and his family depart Forks, and Bella starts doing dangerous sports that allow her to hear Edward's voice, when she isn't hanging out with hunky werewolf Jacob (Taylor Lautner). But a mistaken vision leads Edward to believe Bella is dead -- and soon HE might be if Bella doesn't stop him.		Of course, in "Eclipse" the werewolf and vampire vie for Bella's attentions, apparently because she's just SO desirable that no one could live without her. Even as an old enemy attacks the vampires of Forks with an army of vampire newborns, and the vampires and werewolves must band together to protect one utterly useless human girl... we still have time for relationship issues!		The "Twilight" series is a perfect example of a plotless, drippy teen romance that likes to think it's actually an epic story (hence the "saga" description). Pretty much everything in the story revolves around a contrived love triangle that is never really believable to begin with -- especially since it demands that we believe that all teenage boys are attracted to Bella Swan.		Admittedly it does insert some awesome vampire action scenes that were never in Stephenie Meyer's tiresome books, such as the butt-kicking finale of "Eclipse." But this can't disguise the fact that the entire story revolves around tiresome angst -- everyone mopes, whines, moans, and occasionally gets suicidal. And the dialogue is so ridiculously overwrought that it becomes uproariously funny. Consider: "This is the skin of a killer, Bella!", which is such an absurd line that you can almost see Pattinson cracking up.		Kristen Stewart is perfectly cast as Bella Swan -- which is to say that the character is bland, inexpressive, pretentious and a mass of irritating tics like pawing at her hair and sighing through her front teeth. It's hard to see why she's supposed to be so irresistible, except that her plain nondescript appearance allows teen girls to imagine themselves in her place as a more attractive, dynamic actress could not have.		Robert Pattinson and a mass of gelled hair give little energy to his performance as the bipolar, controlling Edward Cullen, and he always looks like he's counting the seconds until he can escape the franchise. And Lautner, bless him, is trying his hardest to make the most likable (read: least stalkerish) of the three characters come to life, but his mediocre performance is smothered under the movie's thick blanket of awkward romance.		"The Twilight Saga (Twilight / New Moon / Eclipse)" is best appreciated with large quantities of alcohol and a bunch of like-minded friends, so you can riff the pretentious romanticism for hours on end. Otherwise, avoid like the sparkly plague.
1,Good
1,Impostor is another offering from Hollywood leveraging the science fiction works of the classic Philip K. Dick. In my opinion, only one of P.K.D.'s have translated well to the screen...Blade Runner. Most of P.K.D.'s works deal with confusion of identity or the replacement of real humans with artificial ones...sometimes both. Total Recall deals with a man who has his identity changed to fight a Mars resistance. Blad Runner deals with the elimination of artificial humans (replicants) who aren't allowed to have a permanent human identity. Impostor is the story of a brilliant weapons scientist named Spencer John Olham (Gary Sinise) that has been fighting the war with the Centauris by creating weapons of mass destruction. Spencer quickly finds out that he's not who he thinks he his. The government thinks he's an artificial human that has been planted in his place to assassinate the president. Vincent D'Onofrio plays the government agent who is trying to hunt Spencer down, and Madeleine Stowe plays Spencer's wife. The formula is pretty much the same as Total Recall...loving husband finds out he's not who he is, evil government agent chases him through futuristic cities, and he gets help from people on the other side of the tracks. The ending is very different, but it's all a familiar story. I'm not sure if this is P.K.D.'s fault for using the same premise in another work, or the screenplay writer's fault.	The effects are very hit and miss, which is strange for a movie done by Industrial Light and Magic. This movie was supposedly in post production sometime in 2000, yet kept getting pushed. This gave ILM plenty of time to polish it up. Despite this, the opening shots showing the start of the Earth-Centauri war were pretty bad...comparable to a decent computer game cutscene. The effects do get progressively better as the film moves along.	The acting is pretty run of the mill and the story moves along at a fair pace with a short running time of about 95 minutes. Impostor is not as bad as many of its reviews are saying, nor is it a good movie by any stretch. It's a story that we've seen before. I recommend that only hardcore sci-fi fan go check out a discount showing...everyone else just stay away until it comes out on video.	Note that the upcoming flick Minority Report is also based on a Philip K. Dick work. This time it deals with invasion of identity/privacy when the government can tell who commits crimes and nabs the people before they commit said crime. Where Impostor looked completely average before I saw it, Minority Report looks very good. I expect to see more and more of P.K.D.'s works make it to the screen...with both success and disaster.
1,Christopher Plummer and James Mason are both great actors but in this movie they both appear to be sleepwalking. There was no Holmes-Watson interaction like there is in a number of other actor couplings. Plummer's Holmes seemed somewhat bored and not a little inept while bodies piled up around him.
1,poor
1,I only made it through 15 minutes of this movie before I decided this was not something I wanted to waste precious minutes of my life watching. It's B&W but there is no artistic reason for it to be filmed that way. The acting is horrible. The dialog ridiculous. The cover has a very nice picture... unfortunately that's the only good thing about this movie.
1,dumb
1,Very long!!
1,what a waste of money-WIDESCREEN- its how the movie was made you morons-spend your money on the out of print edition this one is stupid C.R.A.P!
1,A waste of Kingsley's talent.  Fair creature effects but the story line was weak.  Terrific early Alfred Molina showing his acting chops.  Unnecessary love interest that added diddly squat to the story line.  Predictable ending.  Why is it that horror films have to have an underground scary and dark segment? - so that crappy up close creature details can be hidden by poor camera angles, poor lighting, and FIRE.  It became a comedy when the alien/human composite ended up with absolutely hilarious breasts with even more hilarious nipples.  If you are a teenage boy the shots of Henstridge nude will give a few thrills.
1,Disappointed in these Marple series. Decent acting but the stories are carried over from earlier ones and just rearranged. It's a shame that the buying presentation doesn't note that most of these Marples are just taken from earlier ones and repackaged. Sad!
1,Let me call the bluff on these emperor's clothes: once you strip this supposed art house tosh of its longer-than-necessary "art porn" scenes and other sundry pretentions, there really is very little left in its average revenge story.		There's graphic intensity, and then there's graphic exploitation. Irreversible (which as a lame play on words is told in a reverse chronological order) almost  always teeters on the brink of the latter, shocking for the sake of shocking, gory for the sake of being gory.		If voyeuristic fireworks is what you're after, at least real porn maintains the honesty of not hiding its true identity behind an artistic veneer. I regret that the colossal waste of time on this idiotic film is indeed irreversible.
1,Although the education is good, this movie has parts showing crazed addicts killing people from news casts, and too much drug using, too trigger provoking for teens.
1,I am in the process of reading the book Jumper, and was excited to see that it was made into a movie. I was apprehensive about watching it before finishing the book, but I need not have worried. The lead character and his love interest's names are the same, and he can teleport, but that's the only similarity to the book. I gave my review 2 stars because Christensen and Jackson are nice to look at, but the movie kept me wondering when it was going to start... for 90 minutes. The lead has no likable qualities, and doesn't use his abilities for good, as he does in the book. The characters are not "Fleshed out" and you have no idea why they are the way they are. Then they left it open at the end for a sequel. GGGRRR! After the movie, I watched the special features where the director stated he wanted to take the idea and go completely away from the story and do his own thing. Big mistake. What he did was create a movie where  there is no story line, no plot and no likeable characters. What's the point of making a movie out of a book if your not going to follow the original story even a little bit?!? Isn't that the whole reason to begin with, to make a movie out of a story that has a big fan base? I walked away thinking "Thank God I didn't pay to see this, and got it from the library instead!"
1,This movie was boring as hell. The movie took a long time to develop and the characters were uninteresting. The story was awful. And the movie is long. Not sure how else to explain it. But it gets 2 stars because it at least the pyramids looked good.
1,Okay, let's get the John Wayne element over with first.  John Wayne is John Wayne, period.  If you like John Wayne, you'll like/love him in this movie.		As for the rest of it, well, I remember seeing it as a kid when it first came out.  And naturally I was impressed.  The plane, the music (I'm still impressed by that), all those adults talking about their very adult problems.		But when I finally saw it again last night, I couldn't believe how cardboard those characters all were.  Pure soap opera with lots of overacting.  The script stank (even Spencer Tracy said so when he turned down the John Wayne part).  And the passengers, when they weren't engaging in histrionics about their private lives, were like zombies.  Never said, where the heck's dinner?  Never even got up to go to the bathroom.  And the sole stewardess--everyone's gal pal Doe Avedon--just strolls back and forth in the aisle, chatting here and there (where the heck's the drink cart?) as though stewarding were a breeze (unless there's a crash threat, of course).  She could have knit an extra-large sweater during the flight, for all she had to do.  (Except, again, for the crash threat.)		Jan Sterling was the campiest of all.  Looked like a drag queen and acted like one.  And here's the kicker: her whole angst was about the fact that the guy she'd been corresponding with and who wanted to marry her, hadn't yet seen her in real life.  He'd only seen an old (very old) photo of her, and was basing his amour on that.  And here she was now, looking like she'd had more knocks in life than a bad engine.		Okay, so they finally all land in Frisco, and there's the guy waiting for her.  He takes one look at her, then puts his arm around her and they walk off together.  Well, that's not enough!--not after the hysteria Sterling put us through.  We want a solid scene between them.  We want mush!		But I guess that would have taken screen time away (this is already a lonnnngggg movie) from John Wayne's finale of whistling off into the non-sunset.		BTW, Sterling's boyfriend is played by a very hunky--what little we see of him--William Hopper (of Perry Mason fame).  And his real life mother just happened to be that nasty-tongued/minded columnist Hedda Hopper.  (How he came out of *her* is something only God can explain).  And we know that if he'd brought Sterling home as his wife-to-be, Hedda would have cut her to pieces and Sterling would have run off sobbing into the night.		A much better idea: since in William's one pre-airport scene, he's shown with a "friend" in the wilderness he's living in--a fawn--he should have climbed up the stairs of the plane, took one look at Sterling--and then made off with the stewardess.  Because, in terms of believability, if he's attracted to fawns, a Doe would be right up his alley.		The best review for this film was given by the little boy in the movie: he slept through the whole flight.		Bottom Line: 5 Stars for the whistling and the very discerning little boy; 1 Star (if that) for everything else.
1,I was bored with this after three episodes and stopped watching. I think the acting and the settings are top rate, but the script is subprime and thus the characters seem to be a bit cardboardish, characters you have seen before, and a lot more blodd than you are used to in the operating room.
1,Disappointing movie. I purchased it for my husband.  He loved John Carter movie but found this one to be a disappointment.
1,I bought disc 4 "Outlaws: the Ten most wanted/The guns that tamed the West" directly from the History Channel website 2 years ago.		This DVD contains sketchy details. Also, it gives approximately 10 minutes coverage per outlaw.  It has still black and white pictures and narration by somebody. There's no re-enactement. It's better to read a book about the old West. I gave the disc to my acquaintance. What a waste of money!
1,Very slow moving and depressing at times. I fast forwarded just to see the ending.
1,****EDIT****		What's up with the negative feelings on this show about mobile homes? It's very insulting to many viewers I'm sure to hear if they live in a mobile they are FAILURES and might even want to consider ending their lives. I wonder while they were filming this stuff if they didn't think about the huge part of their fan base who probably lives in mobile homes! Hey, if you get by and are happy you are on the right track. Isn't that what this show started out to be?? I live in an apartment but I thought Mark and Becky's trailer look very cute on the inside, and isn't that what counts? I think it's just another example of how low and poor the writing became.		I wouldn't have  believed it. But it's true. I have collected all of the other seasons and have been amazed with the tremendous season long story arcs that delved into very private and serious issues, and for a comedy that was going above and beyond. That all seems absent in season 8. What we get is an unnecessary birth (only necessary in light of having no good story lines) with an unfunny name (Jerry Garcia, bah-ha) and a collection of episodes that seem like parodies of the past characters.		It's tough to begrudge a show like this that has given so much for so long, after all, every other season wasn't perfect (never cared for her "factory job") but they were honest, this season seems like it's coasting not so much on what has been written but what can be rewritten and it's all for the worst. As a fan you have to own this for the completion of your collection but it should be kept on the other side of the room; yes, it's just not good, and I can't believe it all dissolved so fast! When I saw Roseanne stuck in a ventilation shaft in Roseanne in the Hood, I felt a similar pang, sadly I'm still waiting for Jackie with some grease to come bail me out. Help!!
1,The title says it all.  The acting was top notch, but the storyline was confusing and poorly written.  If you admire Mrs. Thatcher, don't watch this movie.  And most notably, DON'T BUY IT!
1,Not bad for killing a couple of hours
1,Two guys played by Matt Damon (Sullivan) and Leonardo DiCaprio (Costigan) embark on mirror-image spy careers. One is a mobster pretending to be a cop; the other is a cop pretending to be a mobster. Since the actors look annoyingly similar to me, I had trouble at first sorting things out.		Jack Nicholson (Costello) plays basically the same dirty-minded old grouch in every movie nowadays, so he at least was no puzzle (though he did show something new in this movie, come to think of it). Same thing with Martin Sheen (Queenan), who channeled "West Wing's" Josiah Bartlett for this movie. Maybe recycling characters saves rehearsal time? Mark Wahlberg played a nasty, sarcastic, snarky guy named Dignam who was in almost every scene with Martin Sheen, maybe to cancel out all that Josiah Bartlett niceness. He did everything but perch on Queenan's left shoulder wearing horns and a pitchfork.		To keep the female viewer's interest, there was a "love triangle" aspect with a ditzy female therapist who fell for both Sullivan and Costigan. Maybe she couldn't tell them apart any better than I could. A good twenty minutes could've been shaved off the movie if only she'd been able to beg, borrow or steal a clue in the romance department. Both of these guys were Bad Choices. Didn't she learn anything in therapist school?		I didn't like any of the characters enough to care what happened to them, and was thus bored for most of the movie. I nearly gave myself tennis elbow from checking my watch.		So now I wonder why so many people gave this 5 stars. Was it the shock value? Well, there was a lot of skull cracking and blood spattering. Haven't we seen enough of that yet? Lots of foul language, but they're going to have to get truly creative to shock people with that anymore. There was one truly revolting glimpse of Costello in a porn theater that fell squarely into the "shocking" department, I guess. No, I think what really makes this a work of genius is its message: There's not much difference between good and evil anyway, and life is short. Better get while the gettin's good.		That's such an important message to hammer home to people nowadays, especially young people. Through the magic of DVDs, every teenager can watch this movie over and over again until that life philosophy is burned into his psyche. And they will. Thank you, Martin Scorsese!
1,Godawful, don't waste your time!! Gave it one star because there are no -1.	Purchased at Red Box for a buck twenty eight and would like a refund.
1,Last night we watched a film on Amazon Prime called 'Trapped Ashes'. It's a 2006 low budget movie that tries to be like some of the past anthology horror films like 'Tales from the Crypt' (1972) or 'The House that Dripped Blood' (1971). There is a main story that ties together stories about the different Characters. In this case they are on a movie studio back lot tour. The tour guide is a rather strange man played by Henry Gibson of 'Laugh-in' fame. John Saxon is also in the cast, I'm guessing to make a quick buck. The stories in this are laughably bad at trying to be erotic tales of horror. There is plenty of nudity and sex, not much horror. The silliest story of the bunch is one about a woman that gets breast implants from a very unusual doctor who uses tissue from cadavers. Turns at that the recipients of these transplants become sort of vampires whose boobs have little mouths on them for attacking their victims and sucking their blood. Another story involves a woman who had to share her place in her mother's womb with a tape worm. They somehow become...friends after that and she refers to the worm as her "twin". It's hard to explain and not really worth it. Bottom line, avoid this film except maybe as a curiosity piece. I give it 1 out of 5 stars.
1,So is it WIDESCREEN or not, already?		That is the #1 single most important question when buying a modern DVD. Wake up, Amazon!		Update, 2006: Finally snagged this DVD long after the above was written, and luckily it's in widescreen. >Whew!< (So why was Amazon afraid of listing it as so? That's something to brag about, not hide!)
1,I love me the Donnie Yen.  However, this movie was a propagandist yawner with little Yen Fu.  Pass this one by, and go get Ip Man. Or Ip Man 2.  Or Dragon. Or.....
1,Save your money
1,It was okaaay?
1,If you have anything else to watch skip this! Besides being slow and extremely sad until the very last scene, it just never resonated and seemed to miss the mark.  Was glad I didn't spend money to see it.
1,Could they have picked a more useless Emoesque King Arthur? Just seeing this actor on film was painful. Merlin was also annoying. This was a really bad reboot. For gods sake get a MAN to play Arthur. Ugh!
1,This movie jumped around so much it just got damn boring . It started ok, got worse, then ended like crap
1,This little doll will just not die! It has been burned, blown up, set ablaze, stabbed, shot and maimed every way there has been known to be maimed! Chucky returns in "CURSE OF CHUCKY," terrorizing a new family slowly.......really slowly.......a whole hour into the film before something happens. The animation is poor, the plot is sentimental and the jokes are stale. Only honorable mention goes to the event that occurs once the credits have rolled. Brad Dourif reprising his role as the twisted doll was clever though....BUT FOR THE LOVE OF ANYTHING THAT WAS ONCE ORIGINAL AND STOOD ON ITS OWN.....STOP WITH THE SEQUELS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1,If you thing that the dregs of human behavior	is somehow amusing, then this is the movie for you.		Jackie Chan, which is the only reason anyone would	even consider this movie and which would generally	be adequate, is not all that great in this movie.	Jackie Chan is an acrobatic/martial arts/stunt expert	and there is not enough of that in this movie.	He also is a comic actor and probably could make	the transition to comedy without the extreme stunts,	but this is not the way for him to do it.		No amount of good looking people, light-hearted music	and silly behavior can overcome the characters	and themes presented in this movie and that attempt	to elicit sympathy from the viewer.	There are many movies that find the comical aspect	within misfortune and hardship, but this is not one of those.	I felt guilty for watching the whole thing	and for the occasional smiles that were coerced out of me.		The movie was a slick package with excellent cinematography	and music, but...	you can put a pleasing candy coating on poison and you still	shouldn't eat it.		I watched this movie because Jackie Chan put his name on it,	unfortunately, that has greatly reduced his capital.	In the future, I will be likely to avoid his more recent films.		What's up with Dragon Dynasty?	That DVD production company has built a reputation	for finding the finest Asian films and releasing them	on DVD.	Why would this one be released by that label?	Ditto about reduced capital and damaged reputation.		Jackie Chan is a somewhat wasted talent because so many	of his movies are lame and only worth anything as a source	of film clips highlighting his acrobatics and stunts.	Too bad for movie lovers, although sometimes good enough.	In this case it's not good enough.	There's no reason to watch this movie when you can	watch "Drunken Master" or "Snake In The Eagle's Shadow",	two true classics,	or even his supporting role in "The Hand Of Death".	Anything but this.
1,Not a High quality production by today's standards.  Rather poor video quality.  Not just sure how old it is, but worth viewing for the content alone, and not for the production values.
1,Did not like it.
1,It was just too slow.
1,This movie for the first 90+ minutes is boring and pretty stupid. Then the last 90+ minutes seem to be even worse. The first half of the movie has nothing to do with the second half. The planet threatening to crash in to the earth has basically no significant purpose in the movie other than being mentioned a couple times by some supporting characters. Why does it even happen? What did the whole 2 hours I spent wasting time watching them plan a wedding have anything to do with a planet crashing in to the earth?... Nothing.		Don't buy this movie. You can thank me later.
1,Halfway through this movie, you realize it has nothing more to offer. I could care less about the main characters.  I just wanted to do something else.  Anything but watch more senseless violence surrounding a forgettable plot and hero. Transformers is a dead franchise.  Rest in peace. Can I have my money back?
1,No so great. I would have given it a one star, but there are some funny moments. That being said, I went to my computer and started web browsing halfway through letting my son finish the movie.
1,I haven't felt this soiled since "The Rum Diaries!" This tawdry, drug-riddled, chain-smoking mumble-fest is confusing; the geography makes my head spin; the orgies, the threesomes, the shoplifting and car stealing are NOT funny; while the reckless driving and the survival with no visible means of support just strike me as irresponsible, NOT as a juvenile lark!		Yes, Jack Kerouac's ground-breaking novel is back On the Road again. This time we have an R-rated, two-hour (mumbled) talkathon. We see:	  * Sam Riley ("Brighton Rock") as Sal Paradise/Jack Kerouac, a vaguely disengaged author in search of a story; he documents every move, every misdeed and every meal, but the sum total of all that labor is stultifyingly boring. (Yeah, that's probably not a word, but I don't care.)	  * Garrett Hedlund ("Country Strong") as Dean Moriarty/Neal Cassady is a good-looking omni-sexual legend who isn't above doing a little hooking to earn a ride.	  * Kristen Stewart ("Snow White and the Huntsman") as Marylou/LuAnne Henderson personifies one of the many women who are used and discarded like soiled tissues.	  * Amy Adams ("Trouble With the Curve") as Jane/Joan Vollmer lives at one of the many stops along the way. At least she can give marital tips to an unhappy young bride.	  * Tom Surridge ("Waiting For Forever") as Carlo Marx/Allen Ginsberg is a Beat poet and iconoclast, ultimately revered as the Grand Old Man of his generation. I'm afraid I was always too grounded to relate to his toked-up brand of philosophy.	  * Kirsten Dunst ("Melancholia") as Camille/Caroline Cassady who at least has sense enough to kick the guy out.	  * Viggo Mortensen ("A Dangerous Method") as Old Bull Lee/William S. Burroughs. Mortensen threatens to replace Sam Shepard as Hollywood's favorite grizzled curmudgeon.		As you can see, this story that gives birth to a book was confusing, repugnant and endless (124 minutes), but I was impressed once again by Garrett Hedlund. We will see more of this guy as time passes. He is handsome, appealing, has a wonderful body, AND he can act! This movie proves it. I did NOT like this movie, but Hedlund, even as a repugnant character, is very watchable. When you get this from Amazon, you can re-play his scenes...smile...
1,It was ok, not really scary but ok
1,Watched a few minutes and left!
1,The only good thing about this movie is Tim Olyphant. Filthy language which is unnecessary.
1,Philip (Edward Furlong) is a reality show loser who decides to set up his own reality show with nine contestants who will be killed off one at a time. Fairly standard stuff. Edward Furlong brings an added dimension to the feature, but not enough to save a mediocre script.		Available on DVD multi-packs.		Guide: F-word. Brief sex. No nudity
1,This movie is no where near as good as the first one.  The plot was not that great and the pace of the movie had me checking my watch to see how much longer I had to suffer to the end.  Downey, Jr. and Law are good in their characters as Holmes and Watson and that is about it.  If there is to be another Sherlock Holmes sequel, it needs a much improved script or it will be the last episode.
1,It was ok...
1,Did not like.
1,The story went nowhere
1,You would have to be a moron to like this movie.		Stupid plot. Bad acting. no redeeming scenes at all!
1,too much profanity.  I don't care if thats how seals really talk it is still too much.
1,No, Editorial Reviews, Smart People is NOT "driven by a clever script and fine performances". Right from the very first scene, our hero (or is he an anti-hero) is seen parking his battered Saab across two parking spots at the college where he teaches. Yawn. Our unenthusiastic (and presumably liberal) professor spends as little effort as possible with his students and at the same time has to deal with a Republican teenage daughter (Ellen Page is badly miscast here) and a dopy brother-in-law who turns up for no reason. This rapidly becomes a problem because we don't care a hoot about the characters. Not a hoot. Not the slightest fraction. The awful script is to blame. Our professor ends up preparing for a date with a nervous doctor he met as she was patching him up in the wake of an accident. "Don't do what you to everyone else in the hospital, leave them with a broken heart," one doctor friend tells her. Enough. I left at this point. My wife struggled on alone for another 15 minutes and quit. I see from the Wikipedia summary of the plot that the movie descended into further incoherence. What a mess.
1,After purchasing Season 1 of Hazel and thoroughly enjoying my discovery of this classic sitcom, I purchased season 2 only to find it is not subtitled or close-captioned for hearing impaired viewers like myself.	I notice that Sony company actually released season 1 which does include close captions, and I couldn't wait to begin watching the following season, especially since it's in color.	Why Shout! Factory decided to forgo this important option to MANY viewers is beyond me. It's also quite upsetting that I am unable to watch these 32 color episodes i've been anticipating so much. Well, I can technically watch them, but i'd really have no idea what the heck was going on without captions or subtitles.	Thanks Shout! Factory, for making Hazel inaccessible to this viewer. Hopefully someone important in the company will come across this review and be kind enough to add them in for the season 3 release.
1,I love "Cabin Fever."  It's a hilarious film with more than ample gore, that succeeds as a satire as well as a horror film.  It was creative and fun.		On the other hand, "Cabin Fever 2: Spring Fever" is an appalling lifeless mess, a waste of 100 minutes of your life.  It fails on every level.  Where "Cabin Fever" was fun, "Cabin Fever 2" was boring.  Where "Cabin Fever" was creative, "Cabin Fever 2" was a mechanical paint-by-numbers regurgitation of hoary old horror tropes.  The script and story are awful, the direction is awful (what is up with the fact that every other shot is a Steadicam held 8 feet in front of two people walking???), and the acting is awful.		"Cabin Fever 2" is quite literally the worst movie I've seen in 2014.  Do not buy, do not rent.  Put it out of your mind in that category of sequels that people say exist but really don't, like Alien 3 or Terminator 3.  I will now stick my head in the sand and forget that this (fortunately forgettable) monstrosity exists.		Avoid at all costs.
1,I would not give this movie a good recommendation at all.  Life stinks enough as it is, I don't need to watch a cute wiener dog get run over by vehicle after vehicle.
1,This sucks
1,I watched this without hearing about it first.  I'm a huge Coen brothers fan, from the very beginning of their career.  I want to give this 1 star because it had no real plot, filled with random unrelated events and characters that were half introduced then dropped like an unconvincing T-ranny at the first sight/sound of a police siren.  Seriously the characters were barely introduced, and none were well rounded, except the lead, which was barely a rounded character.  The reason that I'm not giving this a 1 star is that I guess this is made for 9th English class, in some kind of silly allegory way.  I love movies with a subtext, but they should still be movies that can stand on their own first, then have another layer built in.  If I had known I wouldn't have watched it, or at least I wouldn't have finished it hoping for ANY kind of resolution at the end.  I'm fine with movies with an interpretive ending, but that would require a beginning and a middle of the movie that was remotely interesting and engaging.  This had none of these attributes.  If I were in the mood to watch an un-movie ("film" that takes itself way, way too seriously and is ultimately not about anything other than stuff happening and the audience trying to justify why they didn't stop watching it) I would love this un-movie.  This was not thought provoking, it was not intriguing, I honestly don't consider it a movie, but more of a well-made student film project.		I want to watch blood simple again to get the taste out of my mouth.
1,DO NOT BUY THIS DVD RELEASE!!!!!!		I do not care how big of a fan you are of this series, I am one to.  However, the company that just released this box set released it with the English dub and the Japanese tracks.  Great news, right?  WROOOOOOOOOOOOOOONG!!!!  It is the Japanese track with NO subtitles, and then the company said that no subtitles track exists, so they are not doing one.  Um... did they forget they were RELEASING THIS IN AMERICA!!!!???  Whomever these bastards are need to die a quick death.  At least 4Kids is honest about not giving a damn about anime fans.  These guys are thieving crooks who need to be put out of business immediately!!!!
1,Bland, dreary and a waste of a DVD rental. Buyer beware. I almost purchased this sight unseen because I liked the first X-Files film so much, but my "psychic powers" prevailed and I kept it down to a simple rental. Phew! This movie has all the "politically correct" eggs in one basket: anti-George Bush, anti-God, anti-Catholic, pro-stem cell research, etc. As for the big "mystery", why bother seeing this when you can see the same ho-hum tedium in any of the endless "CSI -" incarnations on TV. Nothing's more boring than medical dramas and for some reason a big chunk of this film is taken up with Scully's physician angst. They should have taken all the copies of this film and buried it in the deep ice, where no psychic, no not even the sad example of one in this movie, could ever find them.
1,This season the show has finally turned into the over the top, under funded spy show my friends and I were always scared it would become.	Burn Notice had been an enjoyable show about relationships and Michael keeping himself in the light by helping others. Well, they've pretty much ditched the helping others part of the show, and Mike is devolving into a "do anything that it takes to get what I want for the good of me" character/spy. Bruce Campbell has been pushed back and as such, much of the humor has vanished from the show, and when they do use him, it's to cover up plot points they can't/won't explain. "We need this really hard to get thing....oh hey, Sam, you still hanging around in the background? ? You have a friend who can take care of this, right?"		The final straw was bringing in Anson. It's not like Mike hasn't been outmatched before, but it was pretty much him vs the U.S. govt. At this point Anson knows all, sees all, can manipulate time and space to be wherever he needs to be when he needs to, to heck with things like needing to drive. Why he needs Mike and the team to do anything never makes any sense, as Anson is SO powerful, that he's a dozen steps ahead of them all the time. This season they really turned the show into over-acted, implausible farce, and it's a shame, because it used to be a fun show. The first 2 seasons were so much better.
1,kept waiting for it to get going. loved the area it was filmed but other than that. not so much.
1,Saw it and forgot it, must not be any good.
1,Disappointing.
1,epic war scene , boring story line
1,I was conned into watching this garbage by my niece, because I suspect she likes to count the veins in my forehead. As a product, this ticks all the boxes, so to speak. As art or entertainment it is execreble. Garner and Simmonds are wasted on this utter slush. Juno (gobby and throttlable) is knocked up by her gormless embarrassment of a boyfriend (how this kid manages to find the door to get out in the morning is a mystery, let alone manage to impregnate this nauseating jailbait). "Why?" is also a mystery.		And so this 'smart' teenager (and if she was so smart she wouldn't have gotten knocked up in the first place) sets out to blah, blah, blah..., panderd to by her weak, clueless middleclass parents.		The premise and morality behind this movie are moronic. I can't speak for the U.S., but Britain really doesn't need this irresponsible trash. There is an adage you should remember - "if you're not condemning it, you're condoning it".		America, switch on your TVs, and watch the news roll in about the disturbing debacle unfolding at your Gloucester Highschool. Trendies, bite me.		Yours,		Baby Cromwell, Nottingham, England.
1,You know it's a waste of time, very scuzzy and kind of pathetic, yet you're compelled to sit there and watch.  I could not believe the sheer  badness of this movie.  I turned it off halfway through on Tuesday night,  but forced myself to finish it on Wednesday.	It was bad, it was bad, it  was bad...  and then Mickey Rourke showed up.  Then it was just sad.  All  that's left of Mickey Rourke is his bone structure.	However the film  DOES manage to demonstrate from a technical perspective just how female on  male rape could be managed, so it wasn't a total waste of time.
1,Lightweight entertainment,  if you like 2 dimensional characters and cheesy special effects.  The lead female is a constant be-@tch, and the male is the Fourth Stooge.  The concept was good, but poor execution.
1,The potential with such a good cast was lost due to sloppy audio quality and character development of the lead protagonist character. The story line was weak as well If not for the colorful visual interest, I would have given this a one star rating.
1,Minor spoiler alert.		So this is what we have come to? killing children in movies? Directors and screen writers are so lazy that instead of attempting to write an original story that will bring true intrigue, they continually push the envelope of movie making to darker places, as in this movie where A CHILD IS SHOT or at least implied to be killed. Pathetic writing, lazy writing. A colossal waste of time and money. There is nothing satisfying about this movie,and actors, writers,etc who perpetuate this crap in the theaters are just as culpable of crimes committed in real life.
1,Don't remember it.
1,As a huge Star Wars fan and general geek, I enjoyed a lot of things about the main story. However, the unrelenting stream of vulgarity finally overwhelmed the fun for me, not unlike when your toilet backs up and finally spills over onto your floor.		This movie deserves an R rating for its large quantity of bad language, sexual references, drug use, and other "mature" elements. I wish it had been rated R, so I would have known that offensive content would make it not worth watching. I certainly wouldn't recommend this movie for anyone under 17. However, it seems aimed at Gen Y types who I presume have been desensitized to such things by media like this movie.
1,Ugh!!! Very weak plot - glad I lost my signal before completing the movie.
1,First of all, I would like to say that Red Green is one of my favorite comedy TV shows of all time, along with Seinfield. It pains me to write a two star review about a movie with Red Green's name on it. It had some good humor thrown into certain scenes, but the comedy was mostly non-existant. The plot is actually pretty good and everything made sense, there was just not enough humor. Here's another thing I noticed, it's like this movie was made so you can spot "The Lucky West Virginians." I live in West Virgina, and PBS really made a big deal out of it. I have a few suggestions, RENT THIS MOVIE FIRST, THEN BUY IT IF YOU LIKE IT(I saw it on TV, thank god)! Also, stick with the older seasons of Red Green(anything with Bill is good) and just ignore the newer seasons since they lost all the intelligent humor they once had in the older seasons.
1,Movie was glitching
1,A predictable "ride" as maximus, the big strong, chisel-jawed hero, climbs his way up the ladder of opposition and difficulty, defeats his enemy, and gets to see his wife, in slow-motion, to some cheesy music.  The universally evil and reprehensible Emperor sure made a good villain.  No reason to sympathise for him at all.  The best scenes, in my opinion, were such simply because of the difficulty of the production.  For example, the battle bewteen Germanic tribes and Roman Legionnaires.  Amazing battle. The scene amazed me, simply because i have not witnessed anything of that nature.	If hollywood can't make something original, or believable, then it shouldn't make anything at all.  there are plenty of fine films that have already been made.	Good set design and costume dosen't make a good movie.  Case in point: Titanic. Oh, but it makes money, i forgot about capitalism.	The movie was so incredibly tedious, it's very very hard, to give it a second viewing without simply fast forwarding to the action sequences..... which would belabor the question "why did i pay for all the scenes i don't want to watch?"	Want to see a good movie with elabourate sets and costume?  Barry Lyndon.  Want to see a good 'journey of the hero' movie?  see lawrence of arabia.  Don't waste your money patronizing Ridley Scott.  He's fallen very far and in the process ended up dumbing down his "art" so far that every single Macho Man enjoys it.  Watch ALIEN or the APPLE 1984 commerical and do scott a favor.
1,Too much bad words
1,While browsing through Blockbuster for a movie to rent, I read the back of this and saw that Blockbuster recommended Stir of Echoes and the Sixth Sense along with this, so I decided to rent this since I had loved both of the recommended movies. However, this movie, especially the ending, was dissapointing. From start to finish the movie makes little sense and you'll find yourself falling asleep as you watch it. If you're looking for a good movie of a similar drama, check out "Stir of Echoes" starring Kevin Bacon.
1,I am very happy to see that season one of 'Murder, She Wrote' has finally been released. It's so great because season one is so wonderful. However, my biggest disappointed with this set is that it is very poor by DVD standards. They didn't even bother to have the discs look nice. I know that's really picky but still, I was really hoping it would be a nicer set, especiallysince the boxed set is nice. Other than the way it looks, it'spoor quality. There are absolutely no special features, not even a commentary! Everyone out there who makes DVD sets should know by now that people expect a lot more than this when it comes to a DVD set, and 'Murder She Wrote' really rips youoff in that department.	Otherwise, I am very glad that this first season is on DVD.		The show is  wonderful. It's so great to have it on a DVD set. Again though, for season two they should really think about dressing up the DVD set more.
1,I enjoyed these seasons, but I didn't think either was as funny as the first season. Others will disagree, so maybe it's just not my thing. My advice is to enjoy the first season and stop there.
1,I don't really like this movie.  Kinda like a Home Improvement TV show for 2 hours.  Boring and predictable, even for samll children.
1,Horseman on the Roof is a beautifully filmed movie.  The acting is good; the script, not so good; the choleric, two-minute transformations from healthy to "Dawn of the Dead" puplesque, ridiculous. The plot is rather predictable and mundane.  I'm a big fan of foreign films, including the French ones.  Overall, this one disappointingly misses the mark.  There are, however, several action scenes that are quite good and the cinematography is outstanding.
1,This movie is the worst!!!  First of all, the plot is almost the exact same as Varsity Blues (a GREAT movie about Texas football, and it's funny instead of all weird and depressing): There's the fallen hero, the kid who never played but then stepped up to glory, the depressed player, and the kid who's just good and helps the team a lot.  I could also compare it to Bring It On, with the whole black team vs. "white" (even though their team was incredibly diverse, it was still the white team, don't ask me why) team thing here.  I swear whoever wrote this movie memorized Varsity Blues, but I guess they couldn't have if this is a "true" story.  After reading other posts about the inaccuracies about the movie, it's even worse; they didn't even make it to the championship!  Why did they even make a movie about this crappy team anyway?  Only one of them ever did anything with his life; the rest still live in that town (or closeby to be by his mommy).  Also, Billy Bob Thorton is cruddy in the movie, as the most uninspiring knuckleheaded coach EVER.  His speech about perfection at the end of the movie almost made me want to spew chunks, but I won't ruin the ending for anyone.  The best thing I liked about the movie was its production, because it was creative and original.  But besides that, I yawned a lot and ended up being mad at the end and went off on some rant about it.  Ugh.  There are other football movies that KILL this one, i.e. Varsity Blues and Remember the Titans...so go get those instead.  Also, if it's so "impacting" to make a movie about a team like this, then they should probably make a movie about every team that ever lost in the semifinal or state championship with an injured star player.  This movie is so weak.
1,This movie was hands down the worst movie I have ever seen, compared to the Untouchables, this movie is "untouchable" since it takes the cake of being known as a flop! I just had to see what all the bad reviews were really about, and little to my dismay, I was floored to actually see Johnny Depp in something that I hate hime in! Why oh why, did you even accept this part Mr. Depp? Why oh why did you act so little in this Mr. Bail? Did anyone notice the large partion of the film was shot in a "Blair Witch" shakey camera sort of way? I mean, I thought i was watching an entry for a film school competition. The camera would focus in and out constantly and the wobbley camera could of used a thing called a "steadi-cam". The people in the film industry swear by it, and say it actually makes the films watchable. Try it Michael Mann, on your next film school quality project, but I will defintely be busy that weekend. Pass this movie up at all cost! And if someone happens to be watching it, do them a favor and turn it off before its too late!
1,boring and depressing!
1,Hell NO! This is that movie you watch on a layover in Delhi because it is the only  movie in english and you're awake at 3am!
1,not as expected
1,It's been about several years since the last movie in the aborted original Left Behind film franchise was released, and much to my disappointment, the production crew left the whole story of the Tribulation forever stuck midway through with no completion. With the reboot movie I was hoping that the first story in the book series would get the big-budget treatment it deserved in the first place. Alas, it got reduced to a shoddy airplane disaster movie that only barely covers the first half of the first book, leaving other important characters like the Antichrist Nicolae Carpathia waiting for a sequel to be introduced. It may still be an effective evangelistic tool for people to witness the gospel of Jesus Christ with, but as a film adaptation it still leaves much to be desired. God created a perfect world in six days; why should it be too much to ask for a perfect film adaptation of an end-times book from people who actually care about the subject material?
1,Boring and predictable--the children are of no interest whatsoever.  They are just silent throughout the film and it is thus hard to watch.
1,It came up under comedy but I could not get past the first 20 minutes.
1,This movie sounded better than it is.  This seems to be a remake of godizilla with better special effects.  I'm disapointed with the story line.
1,Michael was always the understanding husband, while Elliot and Nancy had a dysfunctional marriage. Other than the children no one grew up.
1,This movie was contrived and terrible. Adding Richard Gere was a mistake . He only added to the mediocrity and the non believable story of the mothers love interest. And then it became a dance recital . Please . It was embarrassing to watch .
1,WORST DVD I HAVE EVERY PURCHASED...ALLL THE MOVIES A WASTE OF TIME...
1,Location - nice. Story line - bad. Acting - not great. Special effects - not great. Pretty much just a violent re-telling of the classic fairy tale that occasionally went a little haywire with some kooky, gory special effects. (head ripped off - complete with spine and zombies - who eat their hearts out and some CG creatures that were...well, bad) Sadly, it looked like they were hoping for a sequel, but the first one is bad enough. Not the very WORST film I have ever seen, but this will make my top 20. Not for really young kids - more a guy's take on the old story and some very slow pacing. Sleeping beauty had the best idea - take a siesta instead.
1,Not a very good movie. Clive Owen is an outstanding and underrated actor, but this movie just stunk. A better movie with Clive Owen is King Arthur.
1,I read the comments, took the chance, paid the price more ways than one.
1,The book was meticulously visual. The movie strayed from the vision as I'd read it. The movie wasn't compelling in the way that the book was. Cormac McCarthy's writing style in this book moved me intellectually and emotionally, the movie missed out on that.
1,huh... super cheesy, bad acting I'm sorry to say....
1,30 minutes nurse in and I have no idea what this move e is about.  Huge disappointment as Ben Affleck is a draw.
1,Fans of comic based movies may enjoy this, even if it doesn't compare to some of the better ones in the genre.	We thought it was complete garbage. Stupid script, mediocre acting. We would have been better off watching something else.		Amazon streaming has been terrible for us over the last few months. We constantly have to lower our streaming resolution to SD or the films get way out of sync. We do not experience these streaming issues with other suppliers.	We are adding a comment about these problems to our reviews in the hope that this will prompt Amazon to do something about it.
1,One of the worst movies I can ever recall watching.  Choppy editing; long, drawn out scenes that lead nowhere; poorly written characters and dialogue; ugly cinematography.  Combine that with an awkward looking DVD cover; poor audio quality on the DVD (you have to turn the TV volume way up, only to have the next thing you put on blow your speakers off the TV); and no choice of English subtitles; and content and presentation wise, this one is truly at the bottom of the barrel.
1,I am now a little dumber for having watched it
1,Weird - not what I expected from Gyllenhaal....
1,Usually, a good biopic leaves the viewer hungry to explore its subject even further.  At least that has always been my case.  Invariably, I have always gone into deep research whenever my curiosity has been pricked (no pun intended) by a biographical film.  James Franco, darling of The Advocate set, who report on his every move, has single-handedly managed to do exactly the opposite.  His self-indulgent exercise on the life of Hart Crane is so boring, dull, and devoid of life itself, that it leaves you with the feeling of never wanting to hear Crane's name spoken in your presence ever again.  Which, of course, is a disservice to Crane and his work.  Both deserve much better.  This film is a torturous waste of the viewer's time.  We get interminable shots of Franco doing nothing, or barely nothing, like walking the streets aimlessly, juxtaposed with interminable shots of Franco's dull renderings of Crane's poetry, complete with mispronunciations. And let's face it, whatever it is that Star Quality is, Mr. Fanco does not have it.  Marlon Brando could get away with interminable, boring, self-indulgent shots of himself (think Last Tango), but then, he was Marlon Brando.  Mr. Franco is not.  Mr. Franco also doesn't believe in sharing the screen with other actors.  Except for his little brother, who is prominently, if briefly featured at the beginning of the film, we hardly get a close-up of, or a line of dialog from, any other actor in this mess.  Mr. Franco also makes the mistake of writing 21st century dialog and putting it in the mouth of a man who lived from 1899 to 1932, when American English was not what it is today.  This, however, is a commonplace affliction nowadays, where anachronistic dialog is uttered in period pieces (think of the gems that come out of DiCaprio's and Winslet's  little mouths in Titanic)  Writers today seem to be totally unable to come up with erudite dialog representative of the period they are writing about.  In the case of Franco, this is cruelly exposed and highlighted by the juxtaposition of Hart's poetry readings, with the dialog his character speaks in the film.  Hart writes like a poet, in the English of his time, yet he speaks like anyone would today, in modern American parlance.  Totally anachronistic.  Not that Tennessee Williams went around uttering things like "I have always depended on the kindness of strangers", but then, I'm certain he didn't use the words bro, or dude either.  Or the infamous "Don't do this!", a line which finds its way into 9 out of 10 films and/or TV shows written today.  Who the hell came up with that one?  I have never heard ANYONE in any film of the thirties, forties, fifties, etc. say "Don't do this!"  Ridiculous!  Also anachronistic is Franco's choice of music.  Considering that Crane died in 1932, I sincerely doubt he ever listened or danced to a Perez-Prado mambo, as Mr. Mambo King was a 16 year old school boy in Matanzas, Cuba at the time of Crane's death.  He didn't come up with his formulaic mambo rhythms until the late forties, when he emigrated to Mexico and became an RCA recording artist.  Noting Mr. Franco's penchant for homosexual biopics, I dread to see what he has done with poor Sal Mineo.  I wonder if Mr. Franco has managed to bore us  to death with Mineo's story, like he's done with Crane's, when Mineo led such a fascinating life.  And, Mr. Franco, do you really think we need to see you actually do a Sevigny?  What is your point?  Would you stab yourself and draw real blood if the character you were playing does?  I think not.  Film is film, not reality.  I suggest you limit your excursions into the art of fellatio to your own private sex tapes.  Though I must admit that both you and La Sevigny share something in common besides giving actual head on film.  Her picture was as crappy and insufferable as yours is.  So much for art, or the art of acting.
1,This reminded me of a TV movie of the week for kids.  There was nothing about it I enjoyed.
1,Kind of dumb but not the worst movie I've seen.  Romance between Liam and his used up, cheating 50 year old ex-wife wasn't very hot.  Many cheesy scenes.
1,Slow, predictable, too long, even with great actors (Hoffman and Dafoe). Watch it if you can't find anything else.
1,This was not a good film.  The premise is less interesting than it sounds and the thin strands of story aren't plausible or that interesting.  While the acting was ok (not great) and there were some attractive men on screen, it just wasn't a good enough storyline to be interesting.  The central event that provides the conflict for the plot is somewhat confusing and the connection of the two lovers not believable.		I think this studio can do better.
1,I couldn't have cared less about the characters in this movie, although having read some of the other reviews for this, I think I may buy book!  The scenery is lovely and the movie is well filmed, but snoozer. Skip it.
1,It was very slow moving and never picked up.
1,Larry McMurtry should be lynched for writing this non-event. On and on it goes, interminably. It could have been 90 minutes long, and actually been worth watching. But because the network had to have as many commercial breaks as possible, they crammed a 90 minute story into 180 minutes. What a disappointment!
1,I will make it quick ,clear and simple.		First I'm a big horror fan and I mean all kind of horror movies.		I wanted to like this movie, because i've seen Ju-On in a festival 2 years ago and it was weak. I mean, a kid with a cheap white make-up, weak storyline and pace, very boring. And please stop to compare it to The Ring or Ringu.(These 2 movies are good exemple of great horror movies)		And The Remake, yes the remake, just a little better cheap white make-up. Directed by the same guy, it'S almost the same movie, it'S in the same house, same kid,same story, same pace, but for this time, good special effects. Not even close to the Ring, that was a scary and very well directed movie,+ great visuals.		And for the acting? We can say it'S okay.		To be honest, I don't really understand why so much peoples find this movie very scary, like the scariest they've seen in years. The only creepy and good moment of the film is at the end, the scene in the stairs. (won'T spoil it)		People, wait for The ring 2, because if it'S good as Ringu 2 (I've seen it couple years ago in a festival) that'S gonna be scary!
1,Most of the movie is very watchable, your mind is engaged in a lot of different things, trying to figure out where the story goes.		However, in the end you're left to wonder, to think, to....guess???  And not in a very appreciative way.  The director/writer/etc. seemed to think he was 'smart' in the way he left things up for interpretation, but it was very dumb.  what a waste of 90 minutes of my life
1,SORRY MINE HAD A PROBLAM I STARTED AT THE END DVD IT TRUNED TO A BLACK SCREEN I FF STARTED BACK BLACK THE 2ND FROM THE END STAYED BLACK NEVER CAME ON I AM SURE IT WAS JUST A DEFECT I WATCHED OTHER DVD I BOUGHT ALL WENT FIME THE BIG APP ONE WAS GOOD I JUST WAIT TILL  THE LAST PARK ONE IS RELEASED I PREORDERED THAT ONE
1,I had high hopes for a remake of this movie,  but was more than disappointed.  They give you modern technology but no reason  why the Koreans could parachute into Washington undetected in our neighborhood.  Not enough plot.
1,Sent backwanted English was expected.
1,I was bored throughout this movie.  I kept waiting for it to pick up and it really didn't.  I was really looking forward to it.  I thought it was going to be a great movie but the story just isn't there.
1,They should have called this video, "Have you hugged your Ent today- A distorted view of Tolkiens Middle Earth".  I watched this video, not only to see perhaps a little bit behind the making of the theatrical versions of Tolkiens masterpieces, but to also see the beautiful vistas of New Zealand that I've heard so much about.  Instead National Geographic gives us an inside look at how they can take a wonderful piece of literary genius and twist it to conform to their own misguided liberal views of the world.  As a long-time Tolkienite, I consider this video pure blasphemy.  The Lord of the Rings is a reinterpretation of mythological motifs and a hero's journey, not a political statement to save the rain forests.  If -5 stars was a choice, I would have given this video that rating.  If you are looking for insight into the realm of Tolkiens Middle Earth, I suggest purchasing "J.R.R. Tolkien - Master of the Rings Gift Set".  As far as a tie-in between New Zealand & Lord of the Rings, the Travel channel had an excellent 2 part series on this, but to my knowledge it is not available on video yet.  Perhaps it will be included in the 4 disc set of "The Two Towers" coming out in November, 2003.
1,A dreadful mess. The film starts with "Kipp Downing presents..." and I'm thinking "Who?" Given this is only the second film he's associated with I'm not sure his name is on everyone's lips.		Names; there are two associated with this lemon. Kevin Sorbo and Michael Par as Oda. Oda is a vampire killer. He decides to spare one (Xia played by Whitney Able) and they consummate their union (in cartoon form) and she becomes pregnant.		In cartoon form? Yes, the opening of the film - 10 minutes of opening credits involve still pictures - cartoons done in a Japanese style as Hekate (Cazzy Golomb) appears at talks directly to you (breaking the fourth wall), narrating the back-story.		Hekate appears again at the end to narrate the story, and more cartoon stills appear in place of any action. Hekate appears now with blacked out eyes (she's a vampire, apparently) only the eyes are blacked out digitally and really badly so as her head moves slightly you see the blackness not quite in place where the eyes are.		Digitally done sequences such as a ship in a storm are done so bad it looks like someone using a program based on Windows 95.		The vampires all appear with their fangs permanently extended (except Hekate, for some reason) and they can appear in the day time. To hide their fangs they wear a kind of hajib that covers the mouth.		Kara (Victoria Maurette) is beautiful but you don't see enough of her or anyone to give this a second star. The film's over-all plot is executed so badly but Albert Pyun (the director of Cyborg) might not be to blame. Perhaps the fact at least 10 people have a producing credit is the cause of this mess.		The closing credits is another 10 minutes.
1,Donald Hamilton created the ultimate hard-nosed spy in Matt Helm, a man who would always do what had to be done. Somehow this became used as a farce by Dean Martin. One can only wonder why the filmmakers would want to waste money buying rights to Matt Helm when they didn't intend to use anything from the books, or create a character even vaguely comparable. Even the James Bond series in its early incarnations had some relationships to Fleming, although it too ultimately degenerated into farce until Daniel rescued it. But this Dean Martin nonsense--stupid, poorly paced, poorly written and most of all---utterly irrelevant to the great books that are now, alas, out of print.
1,Good western
1,Ear piercing noises in middle. Couldn't finish movie
1,IT WAS PRETTY GOOD I WOULDNT WATCH IT AGAIN
1,I guess people that like to ride bikes will like this movie, personally I thought it sucked, not at all entertained.
1,I love horror movies, if their done right, this one wasn't.	I coughed up a whopping $31.00 for this movie based of the following : The movie trailers make it seem scarier than it is and this was a import from Germany because although it was an American movie with well known American actors was never released for sale in America.	If your thinking of purchasing this movie, don't !	Rent it, stream it whatever first you'll be glad you did and not feeling taken like I did.
1,Little boring
1,Just didn't quite get anywhere. Good concept, not impressed with the execution. Will not recommend this movie to others. Sometimes too much can be left to the imagination.
1,His last few movies have been  bombs ,  this film just shows how messed up are world is getting .  No boundaries no morals
1,This double feature by (shudder) Madacy contains two amazingly poor looking films: "Things to Come" and "Journey to the Center of Time." "Things to Come" is a thought provoking film based on H.G. Welles's book "The Shape of Things to Come," but you wouldn't be able to tell it by this shoddy transfer in which none of the dialogue is even understandable and the picture is dark. A much nicer version is available from Image Entertainment/Wade Williams Collection. Get it.	"Journey to the Center of Time" is a terrible, lifeless, shamefully low budget film in which almost nothing happens. Despite the box's claim that it's "Stimulating, exciting, and great fun!", there is not a speck of entertainment to be had (unless you count Lyle Waggoner's cameo. I didn't). The transfer fares slightly better, but it's still barely watchable.	There are a few extras, too. A Sci-Fi Oscar Winners Index, Sci-Fi Common Themes, Special FX Notes, and Trivia Questions. They're not very good at all, but at least they're reasonably abundant.
1,This one not very good. Too much of it wad I. German or Dutch which was not translated forced the audience.
1,Three strangers are trapped in an elevator and they all have their reasons to hurry. They are Claudia (Amber Tamblyn), Karl (Aidan Gillen) and Tommy (Armie Hammer) - and these three ordinary persons might not be what they appear.		"Blackout" directed by Rigoberto Castaeda begins with an intriguing premise, and then quickly loses steam and stalls out. "Blackout" clearly wants to be a psychological thriller between Claudia, Karl and Tommy, perhaps something riveting like Polanski's "Death and the Maiden." But there is little dramatic tension in interactions between the three characters. After all, all they can do is wait in, or attempt to get out the elevator.		However, the main storyline about the three characters in a stalled elevator is frequently interrupted by flashbacks (revealing what they had been doing prior to the elevator accident), so the inside of the elevator car looks hardly claustrophobic. Also, because of this heavy-handed narrative, we don't feel the lapse of time, which should be one of the key factors in creating tension. Moreover, the back stories of each character are not very interesting, and even worse, it is predictable.		It is reported that the film was originally 120 minutes long. I just saw the 85 minute version. Sorry to say this, but 85 minutes is still too long.
1,This is a flimsy, predictable melodrama whose principal point of interest is the beautiful country above Sun Valley, Idaho.  It's all predictable, corny, and silly.  Everyone is miscast.  Stewart Granger as a French tough guy and crook?  Cyd Charisse as the love interest?  Oh, they were all under contract to MGM, and what the heck.  It's a waste of time, and the DVD people have a lot of gall to charge a lot for a flick you can see on TCM.
1,Lucas has a brilliant imagination.  You have to give him that.  He sucks in every other aspect of filmmaking. The original trilogy was as good as it was because some of the actors (Ford, Guinness) and several of the collaborators had the courage to tell Lucas what was what and force him to listen and make necessary changes. He got by with a lot of help from his friends.  The prequels failed because Lucas was The Creator and no one felt comfortable standing up to him.  He went from being the guiding light to being the puppetmaster.  The confusion, boredom and contempt of the actors throughout the pretrilogy is palpable.  An example of everything wrong w the prequels: Its not that Christensen and Portman have no screen chemistry; it's that there was never any effort made by anyone involved to create any screen chemistry.  Lucas is like a cook who can't cook but expects you to eat his cooking with obsequious delight because he cooked it.
1,1.5 stars actually. I like the idea of a film that examines how each of us has an inner animal ready to come out at a moment's notice, but the film gets so caught in presenting sexual situations that the film's overall idea gets lost in the process. Wish the two could live side by side like in Concorde's Stripped to Kill. --- This is a film that begs for a remake, because the premise is excellent, the execution not so much.		Those looking for straight softcore action will find this an OK film experience though.
1,Boring
1,I enjoyed this movie. I can remember listening to the Lone Ranger on radio as a youngster and then on television and in the movies.
1,Awful show. I would not recommend this show.
1,What is it when J.J. Abrahms has a great cast he saddles them with a terrible script. He had Phillip Seymour Hoffman in Mission Impossible 3 and that movie was terrible and PSH's awesome acting couldn't save the film. It is the same thing with Star Trek. Let's never mind that it destroys Vulcan, something totally out of sync with everything else in Star Trek, but he makes the characters almost cartoonish in how they act.		All of this great acting talent almost overcomes one of the worst scripts of the past five years but it fails because the script runs like a roller coaster from point to point and there is no point to any of it.  Spock's father, a major figure in his own right, is like a fly on the wall.  It is really just such a shame that all this talent was wasted and what could have been a great movie is very, very weak.
1,Did not watch I thought it was going to be set in historical Rome.  I wasn't up for World War II
1,Horrible! Horrible acting! The only reason I'm giving it two stars is the dog is adorable. It is hard to imagine that dog being vicious in the first place. I just wanted to give it a big hug!
1,I wanted to like it, I really did. I like Tom Cruise and action movies are fun. Trouble is, this isn't really an action movie. It wants to be one. There are a few moments here and there. It's almost like they followed a formula. Insert fight scene here, now maybe a car chase, ah gotta have a gun fight or two and another fight scene & DONE. Yawn. There are definite lag points in this movie & I don't wish to give away what will happen in case you are still committed to finding out if these are going to be two hours well spent or if you're going to be like me and wish you had that time back in the end. But the one scene with Werner Herzog and the baddie henchman was laughably ridiculous. Hmm, now on second thought the movie may be worth it just to laugh at how ridiculous that whole part of the movie was in fact. Sort of how Gothika was a total bomb except the one scene where Halle Berry is driving and turns around to laugh hysterically only to turn back around and scream. Collateral was a better Tom Cruise as a bad ass movie. This one needs to keep reachin' for some more action scenes to fill in things.
1,Not funny.
1,she should stick to tv sit com
1,J. J. Abrams completely rewrote Captain J. T. Kirk. This character is stupid, disregard's orders, is a drunk, over sexed, coward who creates the problem rather than solving it. The original was none of these things, he was a hero to many youth who watched the very first episodes. Abrams I don't know where you came up with this character but, you surely didn't watch the original episodes! I'm not impressed by the least with this piece of garbage!	If Kirk would have obeyed orders, launched the torpedo's and killed Kahn, instead of aligning himself with Kahn, there wouldn't even be a story. This story was awful and I had a hard time getting thru it. If Gene were alive he'd punch you in the mouth! Enough said; rent don't buy this garbage!
1,A bit sophomoric... Turned it off 1/2 way through
1,pretty bad
1,Sappy
1,Hello
1,Ok, I absolutely didn't hate this movie. It was pretty much what I expected. But, I've found most of Rogen's movies to be subpar. He's a likeable oaf but not enough to carry a movie. His best performances were his smaller roles in Superbad and Fanboys. The guy literally has no screen presence. We all know Hollywood is grasping at straws these days. This is just another example.
1,Sorry, sux. It's not funny (although the creature-makeup looks like leftovers from ORCS), it's not scary (how can anybody compare it to DESCENT [like the German bluray-backcover does?) but it's boring... 5 not very likable 20-somethings are stranded on an remote island, there are noises in the trees... and halt-eaten carcasses. ok, reads like a dozen other shaky-cam snooze-fests from the last months. what sets it apart? nothing. don't buy, don't rent...dont even look at the cover while browsing at blockbuster's.
1,What was up with this movie?! As usual with (Mostly) all of Rob Zombie's movies, I didn't get it. Out of all the Rob Zombie movies I've seen this has to be the worst. While I was watching or suppose to be watching it, I left the room a couple times & forgot I even had it on. The part that I really didn't get was the ending. Was Rob Zombie trying to create some visually stunning masterpiece or something? Maybe somebody would be nice enough to explain to me what was going on. The movie had me trying to figure out what I was watching & the ending had me thinking WT*!?
1,A truly awful movie. You would think there'd be more effort put into the script with such amazing actors, but even they couldn't make it happen.
1,not interesting
1,Cartoonish characters, clunky dialogue, the level of a pot-boiler, somnolent  Nancy Drew when she is 30 years older.
1,I have to say, I may be completely biased in writing this review, as I went into the film with a certain expectation, which never seemed to be fulfilled. This movie is in the Avant-Garde Cinema category of MGM DVD releases. Never having heard of it, I decided to rent it due to this tag, complemented by the cast, whom are capable of giving good performances.	  I really cannot see how this movie fits even lightly into the avant-garde category. Perhaps the first two minutes of the film, which could have led the proceedings into more creative realms. That being said, I am probably unfair in my rating, since it is more about the product itself (in a certain sense). I really cannot say at the moment what rating I would give it if I had accidentally come across it on TV with no references whatsoever. The main point for me was that I went into it expecting some kind of experimenting with narrative, but for me there was no such thing. Perhaps the people at MGM believe that it was a conscious attempt of the filmmakers at making a film as plain as possible, hence making it avant-garde in its mimicry. Yeah right. Then again, I do not know what exactly their criteria is for putting a film into said category, so proper justification may exist, but it definitely was not one that fit my ideas of avant-garde at the time of watching. Some of the fims that MGM has in its Avant-Garde collection (even though some of these are not directly labeled as such (I checked there website)) that I have watched and do consider in avant-garde are&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Marat-Sade/dp/0871295075/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Marat/Sade</a>,<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Belly-of-an-Architect/dp/B0001V6ZIY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Belly of an Architect</a>,<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Suture/dp/B000053VAY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Suture</a>, and a few others, most of them excellent films.		  About the movie itself, the performances are good in a classical sense, displaying truly pathetic characters. But somehow, it was just that, they were all pathetic in a way that was not all that compelling to see, unless, you were in the right mood. For me, this is not a movie that will stand out, alongside other great movies. If not for the act of writing this review, I might even have forgotten about it in due time.	  I am sorry for bringing the overall rating down, but this is also a review of the product itself, and it is has been misleadingly packaged. So for those of you interested in more unconventional cinema, this is not unconventional, at least in a way that could be called avant-garde (unless the person in question is accustomed to average Hollywood blockbusters, then this might be an exercise in the unbearably "experimental").
1,I refused to subscribe to the hype surrounding this feature until I saw it and analyzed it for myself. (For the record, I'm politically independent). After viewing it, I have to say I am now one of its detractors.	What could have been an interesting look at America's gun culture and the sources of the Columbine massacre is instead an overhyped and poorly structured mess. Nearly every argument Moore expounds is flawed by his patronizing and sanctimonious attitude towards the truth. During the course of this documentary he:	1) Misquotes stats to fit his agenda. He does this so much that I'm not going to waste time documenting every example. He notes that Canada has double our unemployment rate but many fewer homicides, failing to note that Canada's population is smaller than ours; in other words, he doesn't consider crimes by percentage of population; rather, he just looks at percentages overall. He also states that Canadians have seven million guns in ten million homes, but they have fewer homicides. Well, Canada has much stricter handgun licensing and registration laws than the US; i.e.; they have better gun control; yet Moore undermines his own point by stating that our looser gun control laws aren't the reason for gun violence; it's our culture. So, why try to make a serious, defining point about Canada's rate of gun ownership if you're going to make it irrelevant with your own words? He also ignores the decline in youth violence and school shootings. He holds up two incidents--Columbine, and a shooting in Flint, Michigan--as examples of an "epidemic."	Moore also claims that overseas military action by the US goverment is part of the reason for our "culture of violence," citing the bombing of Afghanistan as evidence of our aggression. He notes that the United Kingdom has a substantially smaller number of homicides than the US. He fails to acknowledge, however, the UK's role in the bombing of Yugoslavia and its role in the military action in Iraq. If the two are interrelated, then why the discrepancy? He also tries to accuse the US of funding the same Taliban regime responsible for harboring Bin Laden and Al Qaeda when he ominously notes that the US gave $245 million to Afghanistan in 2000 and 2001. Wrong again, Michael. That money was given to the UN and independent organizations for famine relief.	2) He alters the notorious 1988 Bush/Quayle "Willie Horton" ad by adding some superimposed text: "Willie Horton released. Then he kills again." This was NEVER in the original ad (available online, if you want proof) but Moore somehow forgets to note this alteration and just lets his audience assume that it's the truth. (For the record, after being released, Horton did not kill; he committed rape).	3) Moore is generally guilty of every sin he accuses the media of committing. He argues time and again that the media is reponsible for America's culture of fear and violence. He implies that they sensationalize violence and portray certain people--namely blacks--in stereotypical ways. That's funny, because Moore spends a fair portion of time both sensationalizing violence and portraying mean-spirited stereotypes--not of blacks, but of average-Joe, working-class gun owners. They come across as ignorant, uneducated rednecks, with Moore pausing occasionally for a bit of juvenile humor at their expense. This is especially egregious, since Moore has long championed himself as an advocate of the working class; yet he spends a great deal of time mocking them.	--He also resorts to the worst tactics of tabloid journalism, getting people to cry on camera (while he provides comfort) or attempting to interview people only vaguely attached to the Columbine massacre (such as Dick Clark). He brings two wounded Columbine students to KMart's headquarters, guilting them into dropping their sale of ammunition. (Funny, though; he doesn't speak of going after the companies that made the chemicals in Klebold and Harris' homemade bombs). The nadir, however, is his ambush interview of NRA president Charlton Heston, who seems both confused and outraged. Even if Heston had had all of his faculties, Moore would have made a mess of this interview. His line of questioning was incoherent, unconnected and irrelevant. It is obvious that he only sought to embarrass Heston (Moore's dislike of him is well-known) rather than gain any insight for his viewers. It is an unconfortable and tasteless segment.	What a mess. Moore, who showed some talent as a filmmaker with the wry (but statistically flawed) "Roger and Me," has used his abilities to produce a shoddy, irresponsible documentary that is a serious affront to the truth. Moore would have better served us by addressing some of the unanswered questions about Columbine--the possibility of a 3rd gunman, was there advanced warning, etc.--than by wasting our time with this travesty.	I am sorry this is so long, but I felt that these were things that needed to be said.
1,...Today!  Although this is close to having potential...it sucks.	It has the special effects from the eighties, the idiosyncrasies of old genre movies like THE ROAD WARRIOR, and a pretty good cast.  But, it sucks.  I wanted to like this movie, but...it sucks.
1,Stupud
1,This is an ugly film about a very ugly man.  You have to sit for 150 minutes watching and listening to the principal actor groan, shuffle, snort, growl, limp, and fall over.  There is very little emphasis on art; you see Turner's paintings only briefly and in the background.  The artist himself was a truly dreadful person, giving to raping his cleaning lady whenever he felt like it, ignoring his family, and setting up a second family on the side.  HIs relations with everyone were terrible.  The film emphasizes the pain and suffering of the period, none of the brilliance, none of the great artistic and scientific achievements.  Just misery.  Yes, the photography is beautiful, what there is of it, and the acting is fine, thus the two stars.  But don't waste time and money to descend into the world this film presents.  Instead, find some Turner paintings in a book or online and marvel at the genius who created them.
1,I caught a promo of this DVD in one of the many film circulars I get, and, as a fan of Preston Sturges, couldn't wait to get it, but this film, for all the commentary I read, was a huge disappointment. Not that it wasn't hysterically funny in parts - the scenes in which "reality" sets in on a fantastic flight of vengeful fantasy were classic - but some older films don't sit well precisely because their comedic line has been overshadowed by a bleaker modern reality. Especially disturbing was the fantasy murder by shaving razor. Mind you, there is no blood and you are assured this is a total fantasy, albeit dark and extravagantly overplayed, but it somehow doesn't come across as funny these days. Don't get me wrong. This is not a slasher film by any means. It means to be funny, but the dialogue, good as it is at times, gets lost being too cute, the orchestral sound flutters at an unacceptable level, even with remastering, and the only part worth seeing, just for sheer physical humor, is at the end, when Rex Harrison cannot (when he finds it) get a recording machine to work (shades of your first 10 computers), trips over electrical cords (what a dance!), cuts himself with the razor, spills ink all over his checkbook, and can't find bullets for his gun. Again, I find Mad Wednesday and Sullivan's Travels absolutely terrific, which is why I was expecting more from this film. Maybe I wasn't in the mood. There are excellent comedic moments, and I love the classical pieces being played (despite the crummy sound quality), but somehow the "parts" didn't quite make a whole. Okay, I'm out in left field on this, but, sorry, that's my impression.
1,Too bad that the cast was wasted in this film.  The premise is silly:  a woman whose book series is faltering wants to go back to her hometown and try to take an old flame away from his wife and baby. Right.  Yeah.  She is so unsympathetic that it is hard to feel for her even when she finally comes to her senses, more or less.	Looks like Cody was being lazy this time around.
1,Entirely inspired by The Nightstalker case with much artistic license implemented. Ramirez is portrayed here as a real simpleton, completely drug-addled, barely able to speak, except yelling "Say you love Satan!"* to his victims. The actor does not look at all like Ramirez, but actually more like Trent Reznor, if anyone.		Taking place in the midst of the Satanic Panic hysteria during the bloody remmus of '85, music from Deicide permeates the film instead of his favorite band AC/DC. A 'demon' appears to him frequently, in the form of a pale, bald man resembling a muscular Nosferatu, alluding that he is 'possessed'. The modus operandi is that he kills for "Satan"** ... and drugs.		The character herein hunts down a lovely female police officer turned homicide investigator on the case, who at one point leaks the suspect sketch to an unscrupulous reporter, who not only publishes the sketch, but her address in the paper! Of course, the Nightstalker goes searching for her residence, lurking about, leaving a bloody pentagram on the door of her mother's room as a 'warning', She later tracks him down to a darkened street where he was in congress with a favorite prostitute. Seems the character is quite a foot fetishist. Her partner is a grizzled cop named Frank Luis played by Danny Trejo, who is dispatched by the serial killer, while the resident Lieutenant nurses spiked coffee from his mug during duty.		During the final scenes in the film, one finds oneself remarking, "That's not at all what happened!". No mention of the Avia shoes, or his trip to San Francisco, or the beating from East LA residents.		In the end, the real story is much better than that cobbled together by this movie. The Nightstalker is portrayed here more like a character in a bad slasher film with 'occult' overtones, than any resemblance to actual events.		In short, if you are looking for factual information on the Richard Ramirez case, or even a semi-factual fictional rendition, it will not be found here. Instead, this film comes off as being another characterization altogether, with general similarities. 		_____________	* Ironically, a phrase also shared by Ricky Kasso.	** or should that be 'Satin', in this case?		[For the record, perhaps it bears repeating, Satanists do not endorse such activities. In fact, it is condemned. Again, for those interested in what Satanists actually do, read&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Satanic-Bible/dp/0380015390/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Satanic Bible</a>&nbsp;by Anton Szandor LaVey. This film review is written for entertainment and contemplative purposes.]
1,Sadistic Philippino piece that weakly operates under the topic of human trafficing. Over-indulgently long scenes, poor plot, and tiresome flashbacks. How anyone rated this as five stars is beyond me.
1,I didn't get through 5 minutes of it. I'm sorry but it just didn't cut it. Thumbs down.
1,This is simply another redux of Fiddler on the Roof with Chaim Topol, Molly Picon, Norma Crane, Leonard Frey, Paul Michael Glaser, and Rosemary Harris. Theodore Bikel, one of the cherished Tevye's from Broadway. I am a huge fan of Theodore's and, while he would have made an awesome Tevye, there is no screen version of Fiddler, that he was in, that was nominated for any awards. Obviously, Amazon's editors need to do their homework since their editorial on the movie will confuse many.
1,Maybe someone would like it..  too "art house" for me.
1,The world first met Buzz Lightyear (Tim Allen) in 1995 staring in "Toy Story" as a confused toy who thought he was a space ranger.  We were reunited with him and his cowboy friend Woody (Tom Hanks) in 1999's  smash-hit "Toy Story 2".  And now--in his very own  direct-to-video movie--Buzz Lightyear is far from good.	In "Buzz  Lightyear of Star Command: The Adventure Begins", we are caught up  with space hero after Andy's toys from "Toy Story" insert the  video into the VCR.  This Pixar short is very well done, and is the most  enjoyable part of the film (explaining the first star).  After it, we are  plunged into the world of Star Command and the evil Emprorer Zurg.  Sadly,  this is all too plain--no Pixar involvement here.  The movie lacks good  visual effects because of this, and it is the most bitter disappointment.  What happened to the billrant visuials that brought ADULTS flocking into  "Toy Story" and "A Bug's Life"? STRIKE ONE!	The plot  here, too, is very stupid, and does not encourage thinking.  Zurg steals  the Unimind from the Little Green Men's home plannet, and tips Star  Command's balanced working system. After doing this, he uses the Unimined  (now turned from good to evil) to control every plannet in the galaxy.  This plot is not only stupid, but is recycled, and has been used countless  times before.  STRIKE TWO!	To make things even worse, if that's possible,  is the fact that Buzz's personality has been changed entirely.  What  happened to the gentel Buzz from "Toy Story"?  Now, all he is is  some idiled superhero who fights evil with ZAP! and WHAM!  This isn't the  Buzz I knew.  STRIKE THREE!	The only good thing here is that ONE new  character has heart--Princess Nova, who (I think) echos Jessie the  Cowgirl's (from "Toy Story 2)personality and viewpoints and walks in  her footsteps.  (I gave the film the second star because of this.)	And  the worst news is that this is going to be continued in a TV series.  (I  was tempted to say "a continuing effort", but there is no effort  shown here.)	In ending, this is NOT a good film, not even as a rental.  Don't waste your time.  "Buzz Lightyear of Star Command: The Adventure  Begins" DOES NOT GO "TO INFINIDY AND BEYOND!" like "Toy  Story" and "Toy Story 2" do. Spend your money on one of  those, a collection of Pixar short films, or "A Bug's  Life"--please.  You'll be getting more for your money that way.  (NOT  RECCOMENDED.)
1,This movie is just awful. I cannot believe that I wasted an hour and 40 mins on it. It was awful! The point of the story is jut stupid. And there is advertising in the movie.. Lame.
1,And that's still a poor excuse.
1,The original was much better. I like Fraser but the special effects sucked. You expect a remake to have superb special effects. Not in this case
1,This seems like it would be a horror film with a title like Haunted, doesn't it?  I'm really not sure what it is.  It begins in the mid-1800's with some soldiers sending some topless Indian woman out into the desert on a horse, after she was accused of witchcraft, which I guess was really a cover-up to get rid of her because she knew too much about the exploits of some priest & a soldier who stole a bunch of gold from her tribe (or something).  Fast forward to the present when a dysfunctional family is living in an AZ ghost town & are visited by some woman (a lost traveler with a broken-down car) that Aldo Ray just KNOWS is the reincarnation of the Indian woman, mainly because I guess he's supposed to be the reincarnation of the theiving soldier.  I guess you can maybe figure that part out because both roles are Aldo Ray.  There are no scares, no thrills, no mystery, no nothing, except a couple of squabbling brothers, a loony blind woman, and a cranky Aldo Ray (who in one scene has his shirt off, did I say this wasn't scary?  Well, there IS that...)		And what is the point of this film?  I'm not sure it has one, but it has lots of really syrupy music and plenty of terrible acting.  To think of all the other films I would like to have on DVD and I was suckered in by this one.  To date I have liked pretty much everything I've gotten on the Code Red label but this one, oh my...no, no, no.  Recommended...that you give this one a miss.
1,I remember hearing songs from this musical sung by Judy Garland on the recorded soundtrack. While Ms. Hutton is funny on the screen, she in no way can compete with Judy Garland's amazing voice.		Honestly, when I listen to the prejudice against women, minorities, etc. in this 1950's version, it's not a 'play for all times' that offers enduring values.		"Annie Get Your Gun" is based on the real-life story of Annie Oakley, the crack shot who was a member of Buffalo Bill's Wild West Show and perhaps the first female superstar.  If you actually want to watch Ms. Oakley's life on film, try "Buffalo Gals" instead.		Rebecca Kyle, March 2009
1,Why did this get made?
1,I like to watch French films to practice my French listening skills.  I watched the whole film, but I must say that this film was boring and depressing.  (not that many French films aren't).
1,I'm a fan of Matthew McConaughey. The movie starts with one of the main characters (female) answering a door without her underwear on and you get a good look at her pubic area. It only got worse from there. It could have been a compelling (in a sick red neck way) story, however the end where McConaughey has this same female character on her knees in front of him performing fellatio on a piece of chicken leg held at his groin...........leading to him having an orgasm is one of the sickest scenes I have ever seen in an R rated movie. I'm surprised that McConaughey actually permitted himself to take part in a scene like this. Ugh.
1,Not as good as first won. Embarrassing amount of frontal nudity. Not sure why  that was included. Good performance, especially the family members and wife.
1,This series seems to only have the goal of showing a reasonable amount of material about a collection of amazingly talented people. This, like the others I have seen, offers little insight or interest.
1,I have the LOTR series, watched every interview, watched every single special feature on the bonus Blu Rays, and it remains one of my favorite movies.  With King Kong, I noticed something new, and that was PJ seemed to fall in love with CGI more and more to the point of parody.  The dinosaur stampede, the double T-Rex fight with Kong, the insect attack sequence with the mg's... just because you CAN doesn't mean you SHOULD.  The first Hobbit I liked, probably because so much of it took place in the Shire and it was about beginnings, but even in the Goblin Mines, there was that ridiculous CGI chase sequence which looked more like a silly video game than anything else.  Its much much worse here.  Its almost a comedy, the forget-physics-and-check-out-what-WETA-can-do attitude that exists.  Worse is PJ's love of seamless violence... the beheadings, arrows through the head and out another, the balletic throat slashings all happen with no sense of violence, it is like a video game once again... yet the violence is horrid, I don't know how many millions of little kids and pre-teens see this movie and just get numb to it all.  It is sad.  What was (mostly) an innocent childrens book PJ has turned into a rated-R only meaningless exercise in violence and action.
1,Terrorist and a very poor storyline, what more do you want? There is some action and some good moves done but I would like more.
1,ok
1,Not that great. But I gave 2 stars
1,This Ninka stunt sword fight acts is much over acted. I mean, the story passes, but the delivery of the scenes is not very well planned or performed.
1,Story was a who cares after a few minuted. The ending was not believable.
1,This movie stinks.  Action movies with kids in the story are lame, this one is no exception.  I like the Mummy Movies because I like Egypt and the history, but the winks at the camera and the kid are so dated -- it really makes a bomb out of this.  Attempts to incorporate every action movie staple really wear thin -- like the pigmy mummies clearly using the Lord of the Rings troll figure -- whatever his name is -- didn't see it -- never will.		But there is some true humor here listening to the director commentary and how clueless he is to just how horid this film is.  He even ridicules Roger Ebert who had legitimate complaints that these knuckleheads dismiss out of hand -- like they never considered, or finally realized,  the movie wasn't good.		Some positives: Rachael Weisz is great -- and so is all of the cast -- wasted by bad period directing.  ILM effects are great and fun to watch.  Some of the extra features are difficult to view, with no "play all" option.
1,The worse film that I have seen!
1,Disappointed, more like a very soft porn, I can't believe Herbert Loom was in this movie, he must have needed money at that time
1,I couldn't watch it all the way through
1,Total waste of time.
1,4 movies thrown into a box. The infamous Pacino flop "Bobby Deerfield" is worth seeing, "Ship of Fools' is a classic film and should never be thrown away on a crappy package like this, "The Chase" features Brando in a great role in a mediocre movie that should be so much more. Directed by Arthur Penn ("The Miracle Worker", "Bonnie and Clyde") Horton Foote wrote the play, Lillian Hellman wrote the screenplay, the supporting smaller roles are filled by Jane Fonda and Robert Redford, and it was produced by Sam Spiegel who did "Lawrence of Arabia" and "Bridge on the River Kwai". Steve McQueen and Lee Remick try hard to make "Baby the Rain Must Fall" work. It just doesn't.
1,WORST doc I've seen in a while. Where's the part where he's a patent stealing greedmonger like the rest of em? Beyond the obvious fact this is a puff piece for the man, seemingly from his family, it is borrrrrrring, and oh so poorly done. Ken Burns turned somn like this in for his 5th grade film project.		No, and next!
1,Dumb movie. Waste of money
1,I looked forward to a reinterpretation, instead: slow, no drama, numbingly episodic, simple uncreative direction, forgettable characters. This story just never builds any steam or dramatic drive. Alan Cumming, a talented and engaging actor, is given pitifully unfunny lines in an effort as comic relief. Neil McDonough seems to be channeling Dirty Harry area Clint Eastwood. I liked the lion, not many lines, but his actions did create a character that was true to itself throughout the film. Miss Deschanel, whom I have liked since 2002's The New Guy is the most disapointing. She has a zombie-like wide eyed non-reaction to every conversation/situation she is engaged in. If she doesn't get worked-up, emotional, caring, sad, scared, angry...then why should we?
1,Slow
1,The plot is fairly easy to pick up on despite them leaving out details until near the end. Not enough Anna Camp to justify the billing, but Lindsey Beamish does well enough to for one to wish she was in something else.
1,Weak remake of Cars
1,I rarely turn off a movie without finishing it, but this was bad.	Acting, effects, plot holes... ugh.	And I enjoy b-movies. Heck, I even watch c-movies :-P	I don't think I made it 30 minutes into this one.
1,Fair, a little slow.
1,why would you make this guy more rich he a freak and a prevert drug girls that just wanted to try to get them 15 mins of frame then having sex with them while they was pass out he;s a creep boycott this don't give Bill another paycheck for this show some of the girls was underage this isn't really a family show my 11 year old son ask a good thing something i really like why are they still selling this after what he did my kid and I watch the news together and have seen every story about him
1,Mark Wahlberg what were you thinking?  M. Night Shyamalan what were you thinking?  This one is just terrible.  No script, horrible acting, no meaningful plot...just an embarrassment to the director and to Mark.  The best part of the film is the artwork on the box...dead cars on a lonely highway.  Maybe that's what this should have been entitled.  Avoid at ALL cost.  I paid 1 cent (plus shipping) for this one and I still feel like I was totally ripped off.  I can't believe how bad this film was.  All I will remember is a wind machine blowing the leaves on trees...this one probably cost $500 to make...and that includes the special effects.  Shyamalan needs to hang it up...Wahlberg is much too good for this garbage.  I gave it ONE star because I couldn't give it a ZERO!  I feel like there was more depth in this review by me, than the entire script by M. Night.  GOODNIGHT M. Night.  I'll never give your future films another chance.  You truly laid a rotten egg with this one.
1,im a huge horror fan.. i love slasher movies,suspense horror almost evry good horror movie. I even like some of the cheesy movies like open water..but this is definately a no no. this is about some crazy idea of a computer virus that is connected to the world of the dead. The main character , who was a horrible actor as everyone else was, is a pretty blonde girl whose boyfriend is a loser computer hackjer and set off some virus that makes the dead able to get throught the computer and suck the life out of u. If u are one of these lucky people  you will kill yourself and not be in this horrible movie.  this is a disgrace to horror i coudn't even finish it because i was so dissapointed with it.		From the preview i thought5 it was a good idea but the way they executed it wasnt...the acting was bad,special effects were bad, the way the people "died" wasn't exciting ..so this isn't worth even renting..		Ok idea, bad directing,acting, everything
1,Bad quality
1,Pretty bad.
1,This lurid, sex-gorged nudy has nothing to do with the Nicolas Cage thriller; instead it's more a soft porn peep show.  The characters who are not likeable in the least do stupid thing after stupid thing, and what's worse, seem bored doing it.  Johnathon Schaech and Lori Heuring, who are usually adept in their performances, are tepid and listless in this inane story about an aspiring politician, his nympho wife and a threesome that gets them into all sorts of trouble.  Poor Bruce Davison who is so good in KINGDOM HOSPITAL is lost in the role of Heurings judicial aspiring father, and the twist ending is unresolved so we've actually had no reason to want anything good to happen to anyone.  A waste of celluloid.
1,Slow !!
1,I did not see on the listing that this was a silent film or I wouldn't have even attempted to watch. The description sounded great so I thought it was a perfect choice for me until it started and I realized that I was going to have to read the entire thing. Don't get me wrong; I love a good BOOK, but I don't want to read a movie!
1,couldn't finish watching it, just terrible. Worst acting imaginable.
1,It was okay. Mostly it was a frenetic sensory overload lacking the heart and soul that made Richard Donner's 1978 film a classic.
1,This movie is a TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.  A love story that is not believable, very faint humor, but mostly boring dribble.
1,I expect so much more from Clint Eastwood. As another reviewer accurately pointed out, the opening sequence is amazing and draws you in, making you believe that this is going to be one amazing movie. But it rapidly goes downhill from there. Slow moving scenes with mumbling, boring dialogue that never really reaches a valid point. Short scenes where Matt Damon's character is whining because he doesn't want to be a psychic anymore. And perhaps one of the most disappointing scenes is where for nearly 20 minutes there is nothing but French dialogue between two principle players in the movie and NO ENGLISH SUBTITLES. I was like, what the heck?? Really? The movie ran snail slow and never reached the level of excitement that the opening sequence does. I wanted to love this movie. I love Clint Eastwood as a director but this piece of cinematic fluff just didn't do it for me. What an atmospheric mess. I want my two hours back. Sorry.
1,"Chosen Family" is an important concept to gay and lesbian people. Abbie (Madonna), a straight yoga instructor, and Robert (Rupert Everett), a gay landscaper, are best friends and, more importantly, chosen family. They've been through a lot together, so when they have drunken sex one night and Abbie ends up pregnant, they decide to move in together and raise the child together in their own little unconventional family. Neither of them counts on Abbie meeting someone and falling in love. When it happens, things take a nasty turn that ends in the courtroom.	As much as I love Madonna, there's a reason why most of her movies flop. With the exception of Evita, she seems to have very bad taste in movie scripts. This one is slightly better than some of her other choices, but it's really not all that special and it can't seem to decide what it wants to be, romantic comedy or serious family drama. Madonna and Rupert never seem to really inhabit their characters. Over all, it's rather depressing. This movie definitely falls far short of what could have been a powerful statement about modern families and gay parents. Not recommended.
1,I've always loved Jennifer Lewis, I think she's an underrated versatile character actress, but this was one movie where even her talents couldn't save it. I expected something offbeat and campy, what I saw was another stereotypical and over exaggerated piece of throwaway nonsense.. The acting from Lewis wasn't the problem, it was the badly written script and most of the people working with her. The lines were too corny, and just horrible and unrealistic. The problem I have with most black films is that they are either hardcore thug, or judgmental, preachy, unrealistic and downright corny; there never seems to be any middle ground and everyone is someone you really don't care to know in real life... and the problem with this movie is that it's mostly the latter.. there's a boom mic that kept coming into the shot... oh, and the 30 second cameo from a crack'd out lookin' Whitney Houston didn't help either... (it's probably all she could muster at that time).. Just sayin'... and that one old lady under the dryer looked like Eddie Murphy reprising his role as granny Klump...
1,I *really* wanted to like this movie.  In the short period from 1984 to 1987, Alex Cox gave us the Repo Man, Sid and Nancy, Straight to Hell, and Walker (yes, I even liked Walker!).  He's sort of foundered ever since, and I was hoping this might be his redemption.  I was destined to be very disappointed.		First there's the filming technique.  It's done almost entirely on green screen, and then set against backgrounds mostly made of models, many of them literally model train sets.  This all seemed naggingly familiar, then hit it hit me: the great Alex Cox had ripped off Thomas the Tank Engine!  I guess this was supposed to be surreal and artsy, but it just looked cheap and stupid.  Reportedly, he did this to stay below the $200k threshold of the Screen Actors Guild. The thing is, Repo Man was filmed for $160k and (even correcting for inflation) looks about 20 times more professional than this movie.		Although this isn't really a sequel, he puts in a number of the people from the original, but this mostly reminds you that they haven't worked much since.  There are also some fairly big name actors, like Patricia Arquette, Karen Black, Chloe Webb, and Miguel Sandoval, and they're completely wasted - with the arguable exception of Sandoval, who does a fairly decent job.  It shot in 10 days, using what appears to be a rough draft of a concept for a script.  It appears they also did it Ed Wood style, always using the first take.		The plot is a weird mix of heavy handed social commentary and a desperate attempt to capture the quirky magic of Repo man, and it fails at both.  Because it's trying so hard, it also fall short in the "so bad it's good" category.		Finally, the music, or lack of it.  The iconic soundtrack was the magic pixie dust that turned Repo Man into a timeless gem, and a good soundtrack could even have saved this, at least at some level. However, what little music there is is clearly designed to *remind* us of the original, without stepping on any copyrights or paying any musicians.  In the end, that was the last nail in the coffin.		I suppose if you're an Alex Cox fan, you have no choice but to watch this movie, but don't say you weren't warned.
1,I have been wanting to view this movie for quite some time. What a disappointment! The only character that was marginally believable was Sarandon's as a mother battling the fears of losing her children to the trophy wife. The rest of the characters were very uninteresting. I think the screenwriter and director should have done better step-parenting research. It would have done them wonders to log on to any number of newsgroups to get a feel for what real step families go through. The characters in this movie weren't real. I was very disappointed.	The rest of the movie was bland, boring, and frankly, unbelievable. I mean, what mother can afford to take a child out on a twilight horse ride on a moments notice? And where, pray tell, is this fantastic New York suburb Sarandon lived in that afforded her pastoral views of mountains and woods? Did anyone miss the fact the Roberts worked in NYC and was mysteriously able to pick-up the stepkids at their birthday parties and schools in this lush suburb? Sorry, I grew up in that area of the East Coast and I'm still guessing where this suburb is.	Find something better to do with 2 hours. If your really want to watch an excellent movie about the horrors and nuances of divorce see 1982's "Shoot The Moon" with Albert Finney and Diane Keaton. Now that was a good movie.
1,bathroom humor
1,Just got this and it was VERY disappointing! I was touted as a newly found lost episode but is a slide show with audio. Pretty sad.	I have all 50 years worth of content and was excited to be getting something that was lost and new to my collection but this is even worse than the new ninth series. Thankfully I have all the old content to revisit. Still only missing 10 episodes of William Hartnell and 10 episodes of Patrick Troughton (this was supposed to reduce the number to 9). I now do not hold any hope of getting any of these. I had heard they found some lost reels in a closet in Nigeria? I guess this isn't it.
1,Full Disclosure: This reviewer was quite disturbed from the very outset at the colorization of "Station West" and believes that films shot in black and white should stay that way!  Color/no color aside, SW simply did not work. This is the story:  Dick Powell rides into town with an overtly tough guy mien.  It develops that he is an undercover Army officer investigating a stagecoach stickup that killed two soldiers. Wouldn't that attitude blow his cover?  Due to the robbery, gold is piling up at the local Army post and Wells Fargo will not transport it. All the elements of a solid plot and good action movie are there.  Yet, SW falls flat.  Much of the action is poorly staged; viewers can plainly notice punches being pulled in brawls. The "tough guys" DP must contend with appear as cream puffs.  Perhaps the color makes them appear older and less foreboding than in b&w.  Even such a reliable early `50s black hat as Raymond Burr fails to impress.  The main bad guy is actually a girl, but the otherwise talented Jane Greer also does not register.  The resolution simply challenges credibility.  The bottom line is that "Station West" is a huge disappointment. It represents neither the West nor Dick Powell at their best. Perhaps Powell belongs in a suit as in "Pitfall" or "Murder My Sweet". Fuller disclosure: This reviewer requested SW as a Christmas present; it was duly delivered under the tree but his non-movie fan wife doesn't know her color from b&w, and her husband failed to specify. Those buying on their own should SPECIFY!  A final thought: Would we encourage attempts to colorize classics as "Psycho", "Casablanca", or "The Third Man"? The same sentiments should prevail about "Station West".
1,It is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles, or where the doer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood; who strives valiantly; who errs, who comes short again and again, because there is no effort without error and shortcoming; but who does actually strive to do the deeds; who knows great enthusiasms, the great devotions; who spends himself in a worthy cause; who at the best knows in the end the triumph of high achievement, and who at the worst, if he fails, at least fails while daring greatly, so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat.
1,Terrible movie. Boring. No plot. I can't believe everyone else liked it so much. Very boring ending.
1,couldn't get into it
1,It's an understatement that many of us feel ripped off by WB's attempt to unfairly empty our wallets. If we refuse to buy these horribly priced episode dvds and at the same time purchase the available full season box sets that are of value then we can make some headway. They are in the business of making $$$. Slowing their cash flow will force them to give us consumers' products we demand or risk losing our disposable income. Die-hard fans of this series and other series must convince every parent to withhold from purchasing these dvds until full seasons are made available. C'mon WB, we love these shows and will pay for them. We only ask that you don't rape our wallets. Give us the full season box sets much sooner.
1,Middle-aged guys go on a reunion and are transported back to the days of their youth courtesy of a hot tub time machine. The jokes are somewhat funny but the movie is mostly lame.  Case in point, at a recent MGM board meeting, one of the directors started his speech by apologizing for this movie. One star 10/18/10
1,Vivica Fox... is a very good actress... too bad she took this role... jokes a little funny... the fightin woman... typical... not enopugh storyline to hold a anyone's attention for too long..
1,I like the series but was only able to watch seasons 1-5 even though I have a Prime membership.  It's ridiculous to only offer 5 of 7 seasons. I will not $2.99 pay per episode when I've already paid for the membership. I guess I'll check other shows before getting inventing in them.
1,In terms of its storyline, "Darkness" is pretty much like every other haunted house movie ever made.  We start off with the usual unsuspecting family of four who find themselves knee deep in ghouls and ghosts the moment they move into their new residence (the family is American and the home is in Spain in this outing).  Of course, anyone in his right mind would hightail it out the door two seconds after setting foot in the house - but not this group!  They want to hang around to see what "happens."  It is Oscar-winner Anna Paquin, as the moody but perceptive teenaged daughter of the clan, who gets to have her name above the title here - a dubious distinction at best, I'm sorry to say.		"Darkness" has just about all the standard accoutrements one would expect to find in a film on this subject.  In addition to the perpetual thunderstorm taking place outside and the electricity that keeps going out on cue, we also have the self-activating toys, the strange voices on the telephone, the ghostly images on photographs, the father who becomes exponentially more psychotic in every scene in which he appears, and the mysterious old man with the limp who shows up out of nowhere and seems to hold the key to everything.  Seasoned veterans will be able to predict just about every hackneyed setup and clich a full hour before it officially arrives on screen.  For instance, we just know, without room for quibble, that the minute the mother brings home a box of colored pencils for her delighted little boy to play with, the tyke will start drawing strange and disturbing pictures to help push the plot points along.  It's practically de rigueur when it comes to films in this vein.  (However, I must say, in all fairness, that the movie does NOT include the cat-jumping-out-at-the-audience scene, which is pretty much standard issue for every horror flick these days.  The filmmakers DO earn some bonus points for that).		Paquin makes for a feisty heroine, and it isn't really her fault that her character always seems to be ten giant steps behind the audience in figuring it all out.  And as to the "What the *&$%?" ending - well, it's either so brilliant that it is beyond the ken of mere mortal man to figure out, or it's one of the biggest final curtain stumbles in horror movie history.  I have my own personal notion as to which of those two it really is, but I`ll let you figure that one out for yourself.  After all, I have to leave you with SOMETHING interesting to do while you're watching this film.
1,this movie does not even deserve one star, I cannot tell you how sorry I am that I purchased this movie, this has to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I cannot even watch a full 20 minutes. It was nothing but garbage from the minute I hit play. I know it looks good from the appearance but trust me, do not waste your money on this movie.
1,The total show or movie.
1,Rather dated and slow
1,This film is beautifully photographed, but that's about all.  Much of the dialogue is incomprehensible, which doesn't help in telling a story that is confused to begin with.  It's sort of Wuthering Heights meets Jane Eyre--first there's the ominous mansion with its violent master (Derek Jacobi, who for some reason has a north of England accent when all the other characters speak BBC--which ruins even HIS usually perfect diction), then there's the madwoman in the attic, for whom no adequate reason is provided.  She dives through a wall to attack the heroine at one point-- at least that was exciting.  She apparently eats the villain in the end, or something.
1,Lousy movie, pure and simple.
1,It didn't hang together at the end, and I regret spending almost 2 hours staying with it.  Also, all the one star reviews are at the end of the reviews.
1,Good makeup and plenty of campy horror scenes.  The leprechaun seems to be the only trained actor.  Everyone else had better have a day job.
1,So slow and boring.
1,This was a documentary type movie.  It had very little drama & in my opinion it was boring & conclusions if you could call some of them conclusions were weak at best.  I had expected more acting & drama.  It was mostly boring.  Movie went into the reject box.
1,Very poorly done, cobbled together from other shows.
1,This could have been covered  in less than 30 min. There was little information...just kept repeating.
1,About a traveling masseuse, who can't seem to let her daughter go.	Freaking out about her daughter going off to college.	Divorced.	Her friends force her to go to a party.	Where she meets her new boyfriend and...his ex-wife, her new patient/bff.	There are some comedic moments.	But overall its about her stupidity.	She lets her friendship with the ex ruin her relationship.	She alienates her daughter by taking to the best friend. Whose mom gets very testy about this.	Anyways...after all this stupidity.	It ends.	She's lost her daughter, her new friend, and her boyfriend.	She gains her daughter's affections back.	We don't hear from the ex-wife again.	And the ending...don't worry I don't intend on spoiling it...will make you react like "wtf? That's it."	Waste of time.		Alternate title suggestion: the divorced person's guide to dating.
1,Quality is piss poor!! Glitches and freezes. Disappointed with this purchase.
1,How many times are they going to do a remake.  Oh wait we need one more remake set in outer space.  Yeah.  That one hasn't been done.  Can't wait.
1,Everything you have read about this movie is true...unfortunately. This is a simple good guys vs. bad guys film. King Orthos (Carlo Rota) is the bad king who is aided by Warlock General Actae (James Kidnie). Belleros (Sebastian Roch) and Princess Philony (Nazneen Contractor) fathers were killed by Orthos. They vow revenge or justice. The bad guys conjure up a CG Chimera to kill her people. The good guys seek the aid of a witch (Rae Dawn Chong) who conjures up Pegasus to help them.		Not much in the way of plot twists. Pegasus has wings while in the air, on the ground it is just another white horse. The sword play was poorly choreographed as I don't think the actors could spell sword let alone wield one. There were a lot of cut-aways during the action as you never really see any type of penetration. Toward the end of the film, during a battle, I had to laugh at Pegasus. The fighting was "intense" causing Pegasus to get excited as we see close up scenes of the horse neighing and jumping up and down. When the camera goes back to the men fighting, the same horse is calmly tied to the wall.		Pegasus is a magic healer and also removes blood stains from clothing, eat your heart out Tide. The leather band Bellerous also seems magical as it bounces back and forth between his right forearm and left forearm at will. Destined to be an MST classic.		Parental Guide: No f-bombs, sex, or nudity. Killing, blood splatter, and bloody body parts strewn around.
1,Lame
1,I'm glad I missed this in the theatre. I spent 153 minutes squinting and craning my neck at the screen trying to see what was happening: the film is so dark it looks like they filmed it by candlelight. Absolutely horrid. Whereas the previous films in this series did a reasonably successful job of encapsulating the stories and filling in the back story, this film left out so much important detail that Snape's key pronouncement at the end, that he is the titular 'half-blood prince,' is a whopping 'So what?' moment that seems almost trivial. Great characters and major thematic elements are entirely marginalised or pushed so far to the periphery that the film feels lifeless and void.	Based on this clumsy adaptation, the fact that David Yates is going to be directing the final instalments does not bode well for the finale, unless he can learn to properly light scenes and not gut the story of its impact. Writer Steve Kloves and Editor Mark Day are to blame as well for robbing this film of all the magic viewers have come to expect from this series.	Read the book and forget this film exists. Besides, Hollywood will remake this series in a few years anyway...
1,There's a wonderful little Scottish movie called Shallow Grave floating around (on DVD even, and it's quite fascinating); this movie is Shallow Grave gone bad.  The plot's very much the same, but the acting here -- if  you can call it acting -- is infinitely worse, and too many of the  characters are not very interesting and simply unlikable.  There's also  nothing memorable about the filmmaking itself -- it's very inconsistent, a  hodgepodge of styles that never come together in a true directorial vision.  In fact, sometimes it seems all director/screenwriter Witkins is  interested in are his actors pretty bodies.
1,Not good. Pretty dumb and surface level and just tries to make you feel good and entertained. Not very artful at all. But does have some redeeming messages about materialism and self absorption.
1,The preview looked questionable but I purchased anyway.  Do yourself the favor and spend the $4.00 of a latte instead !
1,This movie was poorly done. The acting was bad the storyline was all over the place and the entire thing was a mess.	Flex alexander looks nothing like michael jackson, the makeup they put on him was horrible. It looked like a container of powder was thrown on his face. There was also no singing in the movie. This movie is not worth watching it's actually embarassing to see.
1,It just goes to show you that with some good editing and a good concept, a movie preview can make a film look good.  This film was anything but good.  Great concept, on the EVP phenomenon, but the story was anything but.  I saw the film opening weekend, prior to hearing bad reviews and opinions.  I even somewhat lower my expectations/standards for these types of films, because I WANT to like it.  This film was bad.  At a couple of points in the film, I started laughing at it.  There were alot of people in the theater the night I saw it and as the film ended, the consensus was that it stunk.  I have since shared that with everyone I know so as to save them some money.  I told them to watch it on video, when your laundry is caught up, you're caught up on your errands, your cable is completely out, you've got nothing to read, and IF YOU'RE BEING PAID TO WATCH IT.  I wonder when the actors in the film knew it was bad: when they read the script, when they were filming it or when they saw the finished product.  I would like to think they realized it stunk on paper, but maybe went ahead with it anyway because the mortgage was due...
1,Though there are stunning shots of migrating birds, along with a few interesting views of other bird behaviors, these hardly compensate for the appalling narration and inane score. One wonders how this film could possibly have been made -- and how it got any awards. The raw footage is some of the best ever taken of birds in the wild but it is trapped in one of the worst movies I've seen in a long time.	If you loved this film in the theaters though, renting or owning it might be worth your while. If you do you will discover some things on the "making of" extra that may change your mind. Among other things, the geese used in the seemingly remarkable scene of landing on the ship at sea are, in fact, tame and were brought there by the film makers[!] the pelicans, also tame, were crated and shipped to Africa to be filmed there. While nature documentaries often use clever editing of footage taken at different times to tell a story, this is going to far!	What's even more frustrating about this fill is that excellent and visually stunning documentaries about birds have existed for some time. (The BBC's 'Life of Birds', ASIN B000069HXL, is outstanding.)
1,You can't beat a cast like Jason Segel, Ed Helms, and Susan Sarandon. A film that seems like it will be a lot of fun is dragged down but its own story. Jeff is a 30-year old loser who still lives at home with his mother. His brother Pat is destroying and already fading marriage. Their mother works in an office whose dreary routine is suddenly spiced up by a secret admirer in her office. Nothing out of the ordinary or exciting here and one wonders "What's the point?" Also, "what were the actors thinking?" Here is a low budget independet film that is propped up by a big name cast.	Jeff becomes obsessed with finding the meaning of Kevin. Maybe that would have been a better title for the film. "THE MEANING OF KEVIN." An angry caller reaches Jeff by mistake and demands to talk to Kevin. Suddenly, Jeff sees "Kevin" as a sign and he goes out on a Kevin hunt--attracted by anyone or anything named Kevin. In this gallant search for the meaning of Kevin, Jeff's life collides with his estranged brother Pat and indirectly with their month.	Now, there could be a funny story here if everyone wasn't so obsessive about what they are obsessing about. The family dynamics are not fully explained so we are left in a cloud of confusion. Susan Sarandon does a fine job in making her ininspired character more interesting. JEFF WHO LIVES AT HOME is a big disappointment. A talented cast goes to waste as we trudge along to hope that by the end we'll understand the meaning of KEVIN. Watch the film and see if  there is a meaning to Kevin.
1,I don't think this thing even had a storyline... which is not the worst thing in a kids' movie. Honestly, kids like stuff for very different reasons than adults do, so maybe they'll be caught up in all the pretty colors and scary dinosaurs... but I don't see it.		The only thing I took away from this movie was this: this might be the one time that the loony creationist crowd has a legitimate reason to whine. Aside from laying the groundwork for an evolution argument - with the movie clearly on the side of science and sense - there's just nothing to this movie. Might have made a fun cartoon series, but it just bored me silly.		- AnnaLovesBooks
1,What is so funny about this movie?Nothing really,except one part in the whole movie. ONE part. And they call this a comedy?Bleh. The movie doesen't even have a decent plot and is kinda boring,and some scenes just seem thrown in there for no reason(like the one with Britney Spears...What was that all about?!).So this is a horrible comedy and it has one of the worst storylines in any movie ever made. I mean the storyline is just so bad its hard to believe how some people actually like this movie. And it didn't even end correctly. The DVD features aren't that great either. Don't think about buying this DVD - rent it if you have to. I don't even reccomend renting it. Just skip this movie.
1,I give it up to the series they done well in attracting the public I personally don't like it. I been a anime fan forever with the old ones till now but this one is kind of a mess BUT I will not ruin it for you. You could love it or hate it, the best review I can give you is go and check it online first forget me and everyone else this is one series you have to see no review will help. The series can be found on Hulu, Crunchyroll, Netflix and Youtube so look it up free in most of the ones listed and decide by your self. It was 2 stars for me could be 10 for you.
1,As far as i'm concerned there are some things all stories should have including a beginning, a middle & an end. Also some kind of character development, plot development, something to overcome or struggle against & reasonable pacing... Superman Unbound seems to be unbound by any of these writing conventions.		On top of that the art direction is astoundingly bad, as was the colour pallete. Its pretty simple guys, superman & supergirls costumes are blue, not purple, not teale, not mauve, blue.... Just like its been for the last 75 years. So how do you mess that up?		I'll be honest, this movie is terrible from start to finish, its not worth watching even for diehard fans & should not be purchased unless you are some kind of hardcore completionist & you need it for your ultimate DC animated film collection. Otherwise don't bother.
1,This could have been a good film if they would have just stuck to the magical beast instead of trying to build a new franchise from weak characters and a confusing plot.
1,Bored to death is boring and strange. I've tried watching it three times now. I give up. I don't get it.
1,We have seen all the Jeremy Brett Holmes Adventures.  Most of them are GREAT!!!  This one was complete garbage.  So bad we couldn't finish it.  Most of them are good family fun.  This was bizarre and not fun or interesting.		I say watch them all except for this one.
1,not as good as i wanted it to be
1,Movie would never download.
1,AS GOOD AS THE original day,but i'm a B movies horror buff so i kind of enjoyed it............... coulda maybe given it 3 stars,but not really a 3 star movie....
1,I'd downgrade this further were it not for a good battle scene or two and the ultimate gaffe of having the sun set in the east.  The propaganda is clear in this movie, and it even has Aldo Ray before he made the move to porn.  It's just laughably bad otherwise.
1,couldn't even get through first 15 mins.
1,Like Anderson's earlier Rushmore, The Royal Tenenbaums is a film filled to overflowing with cute little ideas and grace notes and witty little moments.  Unfortunately, it is working so hard being cute and graceful and witty that it never really takes off.  The film never really comes together into a consistent, engaging whole for me.  It just kind of wanders from cute little thing to cute little thing to cute little thing to cute little thing.  I was ready to move on long before the final credits started, ever so cutely, to roll.
1,It was awful and not in a good way.  Perhaps if you showed some kind review of the movie so I wouldn't have to select it just to see what it is about.
1,Sandra Bullock as a hard-boiled homicide detective has a few hurdles to jump before the movie begins.  This is one of those Leopold and lobe (spelling?) type partner thrill-kill situations to be solved by Bullock.  Of course, all the other cops go with the trail of clues, while Bullock's hunches always see the truth.  She has some inner-demons, but it wasn't very moving. The story has that feel of we've seen all of this before... and it was done better the last three times.  This wasn't all that bad- it just wasn't all that good considering the star and the director.  The criminals' story got old fast, and the believibility was strained by the end.  Bullock's performance reminded me of Holly Hunter as a detective in Copycat where I never got over the mis-casting.  Ok for a movie rental, but if I had seen it in the theater I might be more negative.  I like the idea of Bullock trying more gritty drama, but she just doesn't cut it as a tough detective.
1,I am generally open-minded but this guy's voice is pretty annoying. It was hard to relax much while listening to the CD. It might be effective for some people, but it made me want to laugh when I heard it. I tried listening to it about 6 times and gave up.
1,I wanted to like it, but just hated everything about it - had high hopes - wish I had not wasted my money!!
1,The Guru is one those pictures which is more interesting watching the film with the commentary on DVD than watching the film without it. Actually there are two sets of commentaries on the DVD: one with the director, Daisy von Scherler Mayer and screenwriter, Tracey Jackson together and another with the film's star, Jimi Mistry. There are all kinds of facts about the making of the picture that are quite fascinating (for example, the director decided to leave in a scene of a real-life paparazzi taking a picture of Heather Graham as the film was being shot!).		On the plus side, The Guru has a strong cast which includes the extremely funny and talented Michael McKean (I loved him in 'Coneheads'), Christine Baranski (she was excellent in the recent Broadway production of 'Boeing, Boeing') and the very versatile Marisa Tomei who steals the show here as a spoiled, neurotic daughter in a upper-crust New York family who pursues eastern spiritualism without giving up her western decadence and sense of entitlement.		Despite the potential, The Guru ends up as lightweight fare, the kind of entertainment you will soon forget about after a first viewing. While the plotting is more than acceptable, the problem is that the story simply isn't funny. This is mainly due to a lack of inspiration on the part of screenwriter Jackson. She readily admits that she intentionally softened up some of the more unsavory aspects of her story--particularly in her treatment of the porn industry, in order to lighten the overall mood. By doing so, she dumbs down her characters into sentimental cream puffs so that the humor no longer has an edge. No one clear-cut antagonist emerges for Ramu Gupta (The Guru) to oppose. Instead, the focus is more on his internal arc in which he battles the seduction of crass materialism.		Even if we are willing to accept the screenwriter's distorted but 'affectionate send-ups', the Guru has a more serious problem. If you think about it, The Guru is a story that could actually happen. How many times have we heard stories about various Svengali-like figures seducing masses of gullible people? Even though the Guru is supposed to be an exaggerated tale of seduction, the method by which the seduction is executed must be somewhat credible. When the Swami passes out at the catered party and Ramu has to pretend that he is now the all-knowing Guru, he first breaks into a dance which immediately seems to mesmerize the group of pretentious New York intellectuals who have been waiting for their next spiritual mentor to open up their chakras and show them 'the light'. It's a farcical moment, not very clever, but something we're willing to accept in order to see what comes next.		As it turns out, Gupta relies on his muse, Sharrona (Heather Graham), the porn star masquerading as a substitute teacher, for a string of aphorisms that somehow turns everybody into cult-like followers. The aphorisms aren't clever at all. Sharrona coughs up such profundities as "Fear is cold, it freezes up"; when we come, we let go of our fears"; "my pussy is the door to my soul". The point is that the pretentious intellectuals are so stupid that they fall for these inane pontifications. It's obvious stuff and in screenwriter Jackson's dumbed-down world, the Guru has it TOO easy seducing these buffoons. Jackson's satire has no bite since she has created no credible targets to satirize. The Guru's victims needed to be more fleshed out, real people and the Guru needed a much more clever, original and believable plan rather than merely spouting a few trite aphorisms that sway everybody to him.		Toward the end of the film, the Guru jokes have worn out their welcome (they weren't funny at the beginning of the film too!). The Guru devolves into standard romantic comedy fare with Sharonna suddenly realizing that she was meant for Ramu all along. The Guru cannot be accused of not being good-natured however. In a plea for tolerance, Sharrona's fianc realizes that he too (all along) has been in love and at the movie's end he's fallen for his gay firefighter boyfriend.		The Guru was filmed on location in New York City as well as some of the early scenes on location in India. It's a colorful film, well-acted including some lively dance numbers. Nonetheless, The Guru is so lightweight that it lacks the main ingredient for comedy: laughs!!!
1,super
1,No sense whatsoever did this movie make. Just truly disgustingly gross. Some people without any manners, honor or consideration for others in REAL life, behave like the characters in this movie. Basically, I'll take my chances watching something better than this for madness and mayhem.
1,Little in this movie is funny.  It was poorly written, and used old, tired joke after old, tired joke.  It could have been better if the actors didn't over exaggerate everything.  The best way to play comedy is to play it straight and have the script do the work.  Ben Stiller has never learned this.		There are a few good scenes.  Tom Cruise and Matthew McConaughy do a fantastic job, and their scenes will make you laugh.  Overall the movie is definitely a disappointment. and definitely not worth your time.
1,It looks like all of the reviews for any version of this movie are all mobbed together for each offering, so I'm writing about the ZCDS.Com version.  This one is MISSING THE ENTIRE SECOND SCENE Where Gulliver is discovered on the beach.  I would not recommend this company's version to anybody.
1,What's Up, Tiger Lily? (Woody Allen, 1966)		I am one of those people who has never "gotten" the humor of Woody Allen, and the more of his movies I watch in a misguided attempt to get it, the more I realize that will probably never happen. My most recent brush with Allen was his first movie--if you can call it that.		What's Up, Tiger Lily? starts off with a brief interview with Allen where he describes the process of what we would call today repurposing the film International Secret Police: Key of Keys by adding a different voice-dub track. To cut short all of the aimless fluff that would normally follow that in a review, I'll just tell you the end result: what you get is a Woody Allen movie without the visuals. In effect, it's a concentrated dose of Woody Allen: if you like his jokes, you'll probably like this movie, though the IMDB forum for the film is full of people who otherwise seem to adore Woody Allen but consider this movie boring. On the other hand, if you're not an Allen fan, this is going to seem even worse than his usual fare, as it was for me. It's a personal thing, I guess; comedy, like horror, is different for everyone, and when it misses, it really misses. That's the case here for me. Your mileage may vary. *
1,Vile adaptation of the great comic book is not only a misrepresentation of what the comic is actually about but an incoherent adaptation as well. It takes the book's premise and literally steps on it for the sake of milking it for a cheap affect. Keanu Reeves is miscast and his performance is so bad, it's vile.  He has a charm but it does not come across here in this film and he looks like he's making a joke out of his performance. Rachel Weisz does carry this movie on her shoulders by giving it its only good performance but she gets no support from the script and the direction, which is flimsy to say the least. The story is incoherent and the screenplay is a mess. The special effects were done better before in other movies and the cinematography is shot way too dark to see some times.		Worth a look just for Rachel Weisz's better than the film performance but other than her great effort to be better than the horrible script, the rest of the film lacks not only her professionalism but her grace as well.
1,Would have given no stars if possible. Story too convoluted to follow. One of the meanest and most violent films I have ever seen. Would not have chosen to watch except so many of my favorite stars were in it I thought it would be good. Wish I could get my money back. I feel sad that movies like this are what people watch for entertainment. No wonder our world is such a mess.
1,Not a very good movie. Too much repetition. Not enough story.
1,This movie spent a lot of time on sexual implications and direct sexual, vulgar language.  At one point a woman in the movie kept begging to be f...ked and was murdered for bothering a man who would not.  The picture was blurry most of the time but I was able to watch it.  The plot was ok, (nothing exciting).  For the age and price of this movie it was passable.		Watch this if you have nothing else to watch.
1,I have to admit up-front that I am a HUGE fan of Douglas Adams.  I'm probably one of the few that enjoyed "Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency," and I have read the H2G2 books, listened to the H2G2 radio broadcasts, and watched the BBC-TV H2G2 episodes repeatedly over the years.  I knew going in that translating this beloved Sci-Fi cult classic to the big screen was going to be difficult to say the least, but I tried -- I REALLY TRIED -- to approach this movie with an open mind and not expect it to follow in lock-step with any of its predecessors.  The only reason I didn't get up and walk out after the first half hour or so is I was hoping for a payoff at some point.  It never came.  This movie is BY FAR one of the worst movies I have ever seen.		The premise of the story is pretty simple -- Arthur Dent (Martin Freeman) wakes up one day to find a crew ready to demolish his house to make way for a bypass.  What is unknown to Arthur is that another crew sits poised and ready to demolish the Earth to make way for a hyperspace bypass.  He's rescued seconds before the Earth is demolished by his friend Ford Prefect (Mos Def), who happens to be from another planet, and begins an adventure that unites him with Tricia "Trillian" McMillan (Zooey Deschanel), a woman he met at a party six months before, Zaphod Beeblebrox (Sam Rockwell), the President of the Galaxy and Ford Prefect's semi-cousin, and a manically depressed robot named Marvin.		For those of you who are not familiar with the books, radio broadcasts, or TV episodes, you will probably have a very hard time following the plot.  You will probably also find this movie largely un-funny (and yes, this is the exact feedback I have received from people who saw the movie knowing nothing of H2G2 beforehand).  The reason is simple:  The screenwriters deviated greatly from the original story as told by Douglas Adams and cut much of the dialogue.  The end result is a story that is basically a 500-piece jigsaw puzzle with 300+ pieces missing and tidbits of "humor" that are like jokes that go straight from opening line to punch line.  You will also probably find characters that you won't relate with, dialogue delivered in a lifeless, monotone manner, and an overkill on CGI effects that add little or nothing to the movie.  People who are not familiar with H2G2 should be able to enjoy the movie without having any prior encounters with the book/radio/TV offerings.  If you fit in this category and buy or rent this movie, don't say I didn't warn you -- this movie is an incoherent Holly-Weird mess that fails to deliver as science fiction, comedy, or romance.		For those of you who ARE familiar with the H2G2 legacy, if you buy or rent this movie you had best be prepared to be completely, totally, and utterly appalled.  This movie fails on all levels as part of the H2G2 canon.  Where do I start?		The casting choices were, for the most part, atrocious.  Martin Freeman should have been a good choice for Arthur Dent, but he gave a lackluster performance and the attempt to write him as a sort of hero turned him into the antithesis of the bumbling, did-I-do-something-wrong-today-or-has-the-world-always-been-like-this-and-I've-been-too-wrapped-up-in-myself-to-notice British fop we've come to know and adore.  Whoever thought Mos Def would make a good Ford Prefect needs to be strapped in a chair and forced to listen to "Ode to a Lump of Small Green Putty I Found in My Armpit One Midsummer's Afternoon" by Grunthos the Flatulent.  This is FORD PREFECT!!!  He's a field researcher for The Guide -- he's traveled the length and breadth of the galaxy and gotten himself into and out of some of the worst jams imaginable, and Mos Def portrays him as a bumbling idiot.  He's so amazingly unhip it's a wonder his bum doesn't fall off.  Sam Rockwell as Zaphod Beeblebrox was yet another disaster.  Zaphod (like Ford) is supposed to be cool enough to fluster a Vegan snow-lizard -- and supposedly ran for President of the Galaxy on a whim -- but Rockwell's delivery turns Zaphod not into the narcissistic hippie Adams created but into a repellant, huckstering @$$hole.  And ZOOEY DESCHANEL as Trillian?!?!?!?!!!  The only reason she was picked for this role was for her marketability as eye candy.  She tried to come off as a ditzy, Goldie Hawn-esque genius and failed miserably.  Even Alan Rickman voicing Marvin the Paranoid Android was a major swing and a miss -- you'd think that one would have been picture-perfect, but listening to Rickman grates on the ears contemptuously and loses most (if not all) of the humor of the original Marvin.  Bill Nighy did a pretty good job as Slartibartfast, as did Stephen Fry as the voice of the book, but their performances do not equal those of the actors in the BBC-TV series.		Then there's the story.  The screenwriters who butchered the brilliant work of Douglas Adams and produced this 90+ minute pile of excrement rank right up there with the marketing division of the Sirius Cybernetics Corporation -- A bunch of mindless jerks who will be the first up against the wall when the revolution comes.  Literally every bit of sarcasm, wit, and pathos from Adams' work was stripped out of the movie, and when they actually tried to put in some Adams-esque humor (EXAMPLE:  The bit about Ford Prefect thinking the dominant life form on planet Earth was the automobile) it fell flat.  The entire tirade of Arthur Dent against Mr. L. Prosser about the plans for the bypass -- and Mr. L. Prosser's responses -- was reduced to two sentences.  There was no controversy or build-up over Deep Thought working on The Answer to The Ultimate Question of Life, the Universe, and Everything, so the joke about the answer being 42 drew cricket chirps instead of laughter.  And one of the ultimate pieces of sacrilege was the way they handled Arthur trying to get a cup of tea on the Heart of Gold.  Instead of using what had been tried, tested, and proven to work, the screenwriters dumbed everything down for the Short-Attention-Span-Theater crowd and threw in a few cockamamie sub-plots that confused the story rather than adding to it.		Now let's talk about the special effects.  There's no question the imagery in the movie is light years ahead of that from the original BBC-TV series.  The problem is (Plinkett, back me up here) a movie with stunning visual effects is worthless if it doesn't have a story or characters you can understand and connect/relate with.  George Lucas made that painfully clear via the Star Wars/Anakin Skywalker/Darth Vader prequels (READ:  Star Wars Episodes I-III).  Apparently the folks at Disney weren't paying attention.  The story as originally laid down by Douglas Adams had a treasure trove of irony, humor, and -- yes -- science to mine from, and people wonder why those of us familiar with H2G2 are ready to crucify the so-called "artists" that brought this movie to the big screen?!?!!  The money spent on the Vogons was largely wasted -- sure, they looked cool, but they spent too much time and money on such a small portion of the movie while giving short shrift to everything else except the Total Perspective Gun, which also looked cool but was a time/money suck.  And why, oh WHY, couldn't they have given us a Zaphod with two heads side-by-side and something other than a miniature Marvin that looked suspiciously like the Honda ASIMO?		Those of us hoopy froods who know where our towels are call this movie what it should be called -- a blasphemous turd.  Yup, it's yet another great piece of literature sacrificed on the Holly-Weird altar in pursuit of the not-so-Almighty-dollar.  To those who say it's impossible to convert H2G2 to the big screen and truly do it justice, I have two words for you:  PETER JACKSON.  He made the Lord of the Rings trilogy accessible and enjoyable to die-hard Tolkien fans and people who had never heard of Hobbits before.  The crowning achievement of Douglas Adams could have been done so much better.  It deserved so much better.  If Disney could have at least put together a production that strags (non-hitchhikers) would have embraced, this would be a very different review.  No two ways about it:  Whether you're a fan of Douglas Adams or you've never heard of him before, this movie sucks.  Skip it and check out the original BBC-TV series instead.
1,I did not like the stark contrast between almost good and extreme evil.  I hated the attack on religion as the vessel for evil.  The actors were great, hence one of the stars. I almost would watch another episode but I hated the preacher's character and the non-forgiving evil nature of the mother of the protagonist.  What a waste of a potentially great story.  I love Steampunk and that period of time in America. I enjoyed the concept of a traveling carnival of gifted people perceived as "freaks"(earning another star). The writers could capture the imagination of the contemporary audience by focusing on the contrast between organic good/evil and machine good/evil instead of the worn out religion vs.magic. There was no empathy for anyone, just suspicion, lack of trust, manipulated by a thin thread of hope that the boy will find his place in a rotting world.
1,Did  not like
1,In the annals of truly execrable fantasy/action flicks, this piece of sewage rises above all the other festering floaters to achieve an incomparable stench. It is the pinnacle of bowl-swirling revulsion ... the triumph of the fecal over the feasible. If anyone doubts that our present society of lobotomized, nihilistic sociopaths is on the ascendency, gaze at the positive reviews for this wretched cinematic slap in the face of coherence and doubt no longer.		To begin, the idea was actually outstanding: storybook faves Hansel and Gretel survive their gingerbread nightmares to grow-up and become avid witch-destroyers. So many reasonable, exciting, funny, ironic, satirical, scary and even MEDIOCRE things could have been done with that basic plot-line alone, but this Stew of Stool-Samples fails to even hit the level of mediocrity.		The dialogue is ludicrously bad: it was clearly written by the kind of 21 year-old college graduates who emerge still utterly illiterate from their "educational" years, probably with degrees in Pole-Dancing or The Sociological Implications of XBox Character Motivation. Indeed, this ghastly piece of brain-sludge plays-out like a cheap video game from the early '90s, designed by bored Japanese gamers trying to approximate an American fairy tale after reading a synopsis translated from English into Sanskrit into Chinese into Japanese and then back into English.		The action sequences are juvenile and just plain disconnected from any remotely purposeful trajectory. The entire pacing is arbitrary and dimwitted. The performances are colossally repugnant -- all of them. The CGI is half-baked. The witches look like diseased wax-figures in need of a free clinic. The story is a mangled piece of pork gristle. And Famke Janssen ... Oh, Famke J is looking awfully embarrassed, here, and deservedly so. Someone clearly needed a check and needed it bad. She sleepwalks through this travesty without even the decency to camp it up since it's obvious everyone is going down into the aqueduct that leads directly to Hell's Central Sewage-Treatment Plant, anyhow. But who can blame her? One hopes she was heavily sedated during the "filming" of this barrel of sun-burned fish-guts. I watched her hit her pathetic marks during this "movie" and truly imagined her fighting with the director -- screaming and begging and scratching her own face in anguish after seeing the rushes:		"PLEASE, can I do this whole movie in the cheap CVS Drugstore Halloween mask so the crowds of ill-bred millennial spawn drooling into their popcorn will never know it's ME?"		Too bad for you, Famke, and too bad for humanity. Our Entertainment Culture receives yet another nail in its already overloaded coffin. And there's going to be a sequel because this one was so WELL-RECEIVED.		One star is given for the set-designers, who seem to have been the only people who believed they were actually getting paid to do a legitimate job in the making of this bewildering atrocity.		Long live the Stupids of the world! (Because the more they multiply, the easier it becomes for the Rest of Us to stay far, far away from them and their "creations".)
1,Nothing more than a politically motivated attempt to prop up our Dear Leader. Oh, I almost forgot to mention; the acting was really, really bad.
1,Imagine "Made for Television movie".  A solid B movie.  Will not knock your socks off.	Pro's: Probably the most accurate of the screen adaptations of Chandler's works.	Con's: Cast and direction B movie quality.  Not bad, not good.  "That's why it's a B movie, folks!"	Con's: Energy, pace, mystery, suspense--low to absent.
1,Too much instruction on basics, with no option for routines without.  I was looking for a smooth flowing routine for someone with flexibility restrictions.  Just eliminating the blank screen transition and title page for every pose would help. I was very disappointed and again another waste of my money.
1,had to turn it off half way through
1,You know, it just wasn't my cup of tea. It wasn't funny and the characters did not grow on me. I don't know what the fuss is about.
1,Transfer is OK, although colors are a little 'washed out' (maybe a conscious decision by the director.)  English audio dub is a real hack job, with horrible lip sinc and dialogue that was definitely 'lost in translation'.  Even with the horrible dialogue, the film has some very good action sequences and some pretty good acting.  Definitely rent this one unless you are a combat junkie and speak fluent Russian, then it might be a buy.
1,I grew up when these shows were new and I remember them very well.  I have no idea who chose the episodes for the DVDs, but they did a terrible job, especially on Howdy Doody, Flash Gordon and Andy's Gang.  I remember Flash Gordon flying to a distant planet and confronting  the Emperor Ming.  The episode that was on the DVD wasn't anything like that.  The episodes chosen for the other  two shows were just as bad too, and I feel like I paid out all that money for nothing because I have no interest in watching any of the DVDs again.  The only ones I half way enjoyed were Annie Oakley and Roy Rogers.
1,Ok but a little draggy
1,Pretty boring film. The movie is about New Yorker Rachel (Lesnick) who moved to California to get away from her ex-girlfriend, Reggie. Rachel meets Christine, they fall in love, the are going to get married and Reggie comes to get Rachel back.		First of all, the casting of Lesnick was a great mistake in the movie. She is unlikable, unable to deliver an emotional performance (honestly, a piece of metal can muster more affection and emotion that she can), and just the wrong person for the role. She was supposed to be playing someone in her early 30s; but instead, she looks much older - her mother looks just a few couple of years older. Rachel came across as flimsy, neurotic and not the greatest catch.		On the other hand, Christine was very likable (and pretty much reminiscent of Charlotte in Sex and the City, maybe a bit too much). Reggie was actually the best character in the movie; she was aggressive, assertive, and smart. I actually wished that Christine would get together with Reggie. It would have certainly made it more interesting. Lesnick tried to cover too many issues in this movie and they were only superficially explored.		(SPOILER) Another thing that went into the movie was Rachel's deep rooted childhood trauma of losing a sister. It came to late and too superficial. The movie, and the story, seemed to contrived and too "put together" that it just doesn't fit. The other people in this movie could barely act, and the dialogue was delivered as if on queue.		The audio in this movie is horrible and the editing is not that good.
1,Very bad acting and script
1,I guess I kept hoping that it would redeem itself somewhere. That did not happen.		Michelle Williams plays Marilyn Monroe. Unfortunately, Michelle Wililams is no Marilyn Monroe, at all. She does not have the face, body or voice. She is cute. Not beautiful. She just didn't have it. It was almost painful to watch. And there was something weird she did with her eyes, when she was listening to Colin talk - as if she was thinking and having some revelation inside her head - possible, but didn't come across as good acting. Just strange.		I also didn't believe that Monroe would become dependent on Colin Clark and they would have this wonderful day together, skinny-dipping and visiting Windsor Castle and all. When did she stop to take her pills?		Everyone around her told Colin to leave her alone or he would get hurt. He was warned that he would be used. Of course he did not care, what young man would? But I don't think this relationship happened, except in his fantasies.		Olivier seemed most on target that he could see through Monroe. She knew exactly what she was doing, being late, manipulating people, pretending to be helpless and stupid and not know her lines. And that she did not need rescuing. He was right about all that. But there was something strange about Kenneth Branagh playing Laurence Olivier. He wasn't right for the part either. I think his acting and speech were good, but physically, there was something disturbing. He didn't look like him, but it wasn't just that - his cheeks were too fat, his hair too slick? Just a bit off kilter there.		To sum up this film, sorry I wasted my time. In my defense for renting it from the library, I thought it was going to be about her time spent with Jim Haspiel.
1,eh, well sequels get a bad rap for a reason and this one furthers that stereotype.  They could have went a couple of different directions with this and they appeared to have to taken the path of least resistance.  I believe this was a straight-to-DVD release so I suppose that I can not critique too harshly.
1,I enjoyed the other Pilates for Dummies workout video, but this one was not that great.  First I did not like the instructor.  Her voice was annoying, and although her body was obviously built, she looked like some weird giant :).  That aside, I didn't like the workout.  The standing work was just ok, and the mat work was no different than the other PFD that was much better.  Rent it before you buy it, and you will understand what I am talking about!
1,Very boring movie. I don't have any suggestions for making it better, except maybe watch it when you need to fall asleep.
1,The kids liked it. Adults tolerated it.
1,Story line is good. Actors are good. Ghost effects bad!
1,Boring!!
1,Watched as much as I could , but just could not get into this show. When I found myself pushing on to continue I kind of chuckled at myself for forcing  myself to watch this film. Shut it right down and went on to something genuinely interesting. Not for me.
1,If you liked "Blair Witch" with that "B" movie flavor, this movie will entertain the sicker macabre side of you.  If you are a more demanding member of the audience, say one who demands "A" rated movies, you will loathe this and walk away before it concludes.  This movie is one of the few I have purchased that I wish Amazon would refund.  Hey Amazon, are you listening?
1,Pure propaganda against atheist, lucky we don't live in the dark ages because I would be DEAD now, just by defending atheist thought
1,Didn't have much of a plot, mostly boring, waiting for some excitement.  Sorry, wasn't something I'd tell anyone about or want to watch again.
1,Nicole Novak (Monica Engesser) escaped her kidnapper and has gone from bad actor to bad story teller. She sits at the police station and tell a story about the kidnapper. The cops believe it has something to do with 666 and the birth of the anti-Christ. Her story telling is bad and the conversations she has with the other prisoners prove boring.		Guide: F-bomb, sex, rape, nudity (Monica Engesser, Tia Streaty)		Now available on a DVD 10pack
1,Too much talking down to the audience from this film.  Can't in good conscience recommend it.
1,Somebody had and extra $2.00 to make a movie
1,Dark film, did not expect this movie to be like this. I am the wrong target market for this movie being a female and above the age of 15. I was bored and shocked and did not enjoy this film at all.
1,I was bored. More interested before I saw it, sorry.	I was interested and then I got bored and annoyed by it.		[...]	twitter:thepuppysniffer
1,I don't like to use the word hate but I strongly disliked this movie.  It's amazing that this man lived as long as he did....  It was foolish on his part to  believe that what he was doing was helping the bears.  Sad that a young woman watched him die in such a horrific way due to his foolishness and then she herself died a horrific death. .
1,This movie starts as the story of a little girl (Ophelia) using fantasy to help herself adjust to a new living situation.  It turns into an extremely graphic war movie with grotesque fantasy characters thrown in for good measure.
1,It is just an ok movie not as good as the first one.	Dev Patel overacts and becomes a caricature of	himself but redeems himself at the end with his	awesome sharp Bollywood dancing.
1,This old movie used to play at the drive-in and at 4 movie special showing at different theaters. These were fun movies to watch and for 35 to 75 cents for a showing...they were great.		  What can i say....I still like this movie cause most		of the equipment they use is now antiques...and the characters		and the story are still very much watchable.		Grab your rocking chair and enjoy...
1,I counted 3 different voice dubbers to loop Seagal's voice at different points in Flight Of Fury. I have not had the pleasure of viewing Seagals Sci-Fi epic Attack Force but by all accounts it's worse than this and that is an achievement. How exactly did Seagal get from under the truck to on top of it without being seen by the security guards walking around the truck, checking underneath with mirrors? It must be so unbelievably difficult to climb on top of a truck and hold on for dear life at a life threatening velocity of 15mph that security guards due to the craziness of such a prison break escape scheme no longer check the top of trucks before leaving the prison grounds. Prisons have guard towers taller than 6 feet, right? Dreadful fight choreography made even worse by horrible camera work. A gas station store is being robbed by several thugs while Seagal is innocently buying coffee & probably all the dounuts the shop currently stocks. Compare this scene to the opening martial arts corner store being robbed scene in Hard To Kill and this demonstrates just how far Seagal as fallen. Much of the next 10 minutes of the movie has Seagal sitting in a chair barely forming the words for the terrible dialogue he has been paid a few $million dollars to say, while expanding the minimum amount of energy to keep his eyes open and looking as bored as I feel watching yet another Seagal straight to DVD embarrassment. Stock flight footage is used throughout this movie. I couldn't help but laugh at the stock footage whenever the Stealth fighter is operating on the ground, the pilot appears to have his visor down over his eyes but yet every interior sequence shot for the movie, has the actor who is pretending to be the pilot with his visor up. The film makers could not even get that right. Unconvincing CGI sequences, a very nice but completely unnecessary lesbian scene (the best part of the while movie!!) terrible amateur acting from almost every cast member, wrapped up in a stupid plot mish mash of Broken Arrow, Firefox, and any random soft porn movie! With badly executed and filmed action scenes. What was up with the Seagal pipe fight one on one scene near the end? It looked like an attempt at a slap stick comedy sketch or something that would not have been out of place in Batman & Robin. I just can't take Seagal anymore in these direct to DVD turds or listen to him crying about how he is being screwed over by producers. Stop signing contracts with these people. A piece of career advice for Seagal, sign on for a low -mid budget action film for Lionsgate ala Crank or Rogue Pictures ala Assault On Precinct 13 and take a big pay cut and work up from there. I still think Seagal has the potential to make enjoyable action movies even at his current age and still has something to bring to the cinema going public but I no longer believe Seagal has any interest in doing so. He seems happy to put his name on anything that will line his pockets and dump all over his once large fan base. Flight Of Fury should not only be avoided but boycotted.
1,When Babylon 5's creator redid its opening movie (The Gathering) is was a HUGE improvement over the first version.		Sadly that's not the case with Stargate's redoing of its pilot movie.  They dropped scenes that should have stayed, because they are referenced later in the series.  Plus they added scenes that don't contribute anything new to the story.  There's also some blatant inconsistency with the existing story canon (which did not exist in the original version).		I saw don't waste your money, and just watch the Children of the Gods version included on Season 1 (the original).
1,It was an ok movie. I'm into movies off the beaten path but it was a bit sullen for me.
1,main character was not interesting or likable at all. A really dull person that would not attract a beauty as presented.
1,Too much kid stuff
1,I don't feel the need to review the movie as it is one of the greatest American films. This is specifically a review of the Olive Films disc. First, I have hundreds of blu-ray discs so I can say with confidence the problem described is specific to this disc. I have just tried playing the second disc I have ordered, and Amazon is great about taking returns. Both discs have seriously distorted sound tracks making them useless. I don't know if the problem is with a specific pressing or all discs of this title, but I'm not willing to waste my time by ordering it a third time as much as I'd like to have it in my collection. Interestingly enough, the only other disc I've ever experienced this problem with is The Colossus of New York, which I just now discovered was released by Olive Films. Consequently, I will not order any films manufactured by this company.
1,... you'd think they could do better. The Matrix was an okay film in itself, though the ecstatic screams of its fans mask the fact that virtually everything they were going ga-ga over had been done before, and better, by a number of other films. It had one screamingly stupid plot hole, but that doesn't make it unique either. I thought that with the second film they might be able to come up with something interesting, having now established their background.	Sadly, the result is considerably LESS than its predecessor promised. I don't know if it's the direction or Reeves' interpretation, but Keanu is, if anything, more woodenly expressionless in Matrix Reloaded than he was in the first Matrix -- which wasn't at all his best work in the area of expression. There's a far too overextended and sadly uninteresting sex sequence (I understand the story point, but it's far too long just to make the point), and somehow the choreography doesn't quite WORK. In that, it reminded me of Tomb Raider (the first movie): here you have all these elements that SHOULD work, and somehow it's all falling completely flat.	Alas. Something interesting could have been done with this, but instead we just get lots of lackluster acrobatics and combat scenes.
1,If you are interested n this type of story, buy To Sir With Love or Boys Town instead. Dangerous Minds is simply boring and predictable with nothing to make it memorable. There are a couple of decent performances from some of the minor characters but that's not enough to raise it above the sad script and cliche ridden dialogue.		On the other hand, if you have no life experience, are very young or simply have watched very few movies in your life, you might get some enjoyment out of this. It's not really a bad movie, but it's certainly not a good one.
1,Don't waste your time! I ironically said to someone before pressing play,"Let's watch a Sandra Bullock movie because Sandra Bullock movies make a good day that much better." Wrong! Should've read the premise and bought another movie as soon as I knew the main character was a crossword puzzle creator! LOL!
1,Massive fan of Shaun of the Dead and Pegg/Frost, but this is disappointing. The actors all performed solidly, but a weak plot and the 'Slacker-Savior" ending is too lame to redeem their effort. I expected better.
1,When this film ended I felt literally sick to my stomach.  Not because its message is profound but unsettling, but because its an orgy of ugly human behavior that simultaneously bores and disgusts at the same time.  Its hard to imagine a more reviled character than the protagonist Lewis plays, unless its the similar psychopath he plays in "Gangs of New York"--which also left me with the same sick feeling at the end.  If you want to know the depths revenge, jealousy and pride can take people, see this film.  A one-way ticket to a bit of hell.
1,A little too boring for me.
1,Save your money and your time and just read the books. The casting was horrible; the acting was worse. Wooden performances by Johnson and Dornan. No life whatsoever. The books are SO much better.
1,Slow
