0,I've been using this pedal for about 6 months now with my Yamaha ES6 and it's been great not having to move my hand away from the keys to adjust the volume while playing.		In one of the old reviews somebody mentioned that it's hard on the foot when you want to access the entire range. I've found a way around it. I rotated the pedal 180 deg, so that when I press with my toes - it gets more quiet, and when I press with the heel - more loud. This way I avoid this awkward foot position when it's fully muted. It only took about 10min to switch my brain and use it in reverse. And I'm not changing back - it works and it's very comfy.
0,As advertised.
0,No plastic, very sturdy and last but not least, great price.
0,This thing is wonderful. I wouldn't recommend using it for gaming though. It picks up a little too much. You're gonna make a lot of people mad with your constant keyboard clicks.
0,Wish they made these back in my 60's band days.........would recommend.
0,highly padded and great craftsmanship
0,works great
0,I bought this because I was going on a trip and needed an amp I could pack in my suitcase that would work with a battery.	I had a similar amp before that died. The Honeytone is very compact, but looks cool and is very simple to operate, with just three controls, volume, tone and gain (distortion). I found that some level of distortion is necessary to have any volume. If you try playing clean, with no distortion, you'll be underpowered. The trick is to balance the gain and volume for your instrument and situation. I tried a regular electric guitar, a lap steel guitar, a slide guitar, an acoustic-electric guitar, an acoustic-electric mandolin and a silent banjo. I thought the acoustic guitar would overwhelm this little amp, but I was surprised that it added to the projection and wasn't bad on the tone. It has a handy belt clip and a useless little leather handle (just for looks). I am using it to play an electric instrument in jamming situations where everyone else is playing acoustic, and I can adjust my volume to blend in. I think a mike with an unbalanced output (1/4" phone jack) would also work in here, for street corner singing, for instance, though I haven't tried that yet as all my mikes use XLR jacks and there would be the issue of a mike stand or a lapel or headphone mike with a phone jack output, which might be hard to find.	Overall, I'm very pleased with this amp and it seems sturdy and reliable so far, and at $20, a bargain.
0,Solid cable for good price. Was using GLS products for years - always made well. Thanks
0,I just got back from using this for the first time.  I'm very happy with it.  First the beater is innovatively designed specifically for the cajon.  It gives a nice bass stattaco pop.  I play alot of gigs in which the theater is small and the singers aren't always mic'ed - so the drummer isn't going to be mic'ed.  The cajon pedal solves pit orchestra size problems and also sound balancing.  The ability to move the cajon off the plate easily so you can play the cajon more traditionally is another bonus.  This allows you to tilt the instrument back - the other cajon pedal out there attaches the plate with a contraption that a) takes time to remove and b) will not allow you to lean back or easily disattach the beater.		My biggest problem with the other cajon pedal (from Gibraltar) is that the cable was shittily designed and adjustments were counter-intuitive.  The mechanism also kept slipping so eventually you had to stop playing and fix it.  It was basically unworkable.  I don't know if I got a defective unit but it appeared from comments on Internet customer reviews that others had the same problem.		I plan to use the pedal tonight for a small jazz club gig and will update this review if I have any problems or may change my rating to five stars if it holds up over extended use.  I plan to use it again in the coming weeks in another pit orchestra / small theater sceanrio.
0,While they are not comparable to the Ultimate stands, for the price they look great and the bag they come with works great! Will be buying another set soon as backups.
0,Good quality budget friendly cable will buy more for sure
0,Fits like a glove!
0,work good
0,It picks strings well, not too thick, not too thin!  The 72 pack is a pretty good deal per pick compared to smaller quantities.
0,I now have 3 different digital tuners. This one isn't my favorite but for the price you cannot complain. It does tune pretty well.
0,Great little cymbal. Even though Meinl is well know, I didn't think it be a good that is until I purchased their 14in high hats. Buy this cymbal was a no brainer. For the price it is well worth it.
0,Excellent cables!
0,Good pedal. Works with my Casio Privia series piano.		Doesn't slip and weighted well. It is not a half damping pedal (for some reason I thought it was when I purchased it).
0,Using on a Martin stored in a case.
0,Very nice. A real aid to learning where middle C is and understanding flats and sharps.
0,love it works great for all my guitars
0,HOLD feature allows you to "record" individual "tracks" and overlap them on one another on the go--live!  Dont get too ambitious though as the more "tracks" you add the more distorted the sound becomes.  I haven't used expensive rack units etc., but this is great fun and versatility allows many different uses.  Excellent value.  Battery runs out fast so get an AC adaptor!
0,Instructions were a bit lacking but it functions as I expected!
0,good
0,great price and woks well
0,I have been using this string type for many years now on every electric guitar I've owned, they are dependable for set to set tone and bending feel, I don't worry that they will change alloy formulas or durability from one pack to the next as I am used to them remaining the same type of strings consistently.  I always get the 10 set bulk packs for the value, each set is sealed in its own six string package so no concerns that they will oxidize or corrode while in wait as spares.
0,These tuners where of great quality, Although the bushings did not fit tight enough to stay in place, a little all purpose cement took care of that, the company that sold them to me responded very quickly to my email, they are a great improvement to my Fender MIM classic 50 telecaster , which where loose and did not stay in tune, and there are better quality then the ones on my Fender 52 RI American made Telecaster. I would highly recommend these tuners, and of course Amazon!
0,This is the first time I tried these strings, medium tension seems to be the same as normal tension but not able to confirm that, my son likes them because they are slightly stiffer so they give him less string buzz.  I'm an experienced nylon string knotter, and these strings were unusally short for my Canadian classic guitar, not sure why.  Would have liked to see them about an inch longer, but I was able to get them on and so far no issues.
0,Great strings.
0,Great product.  Martin stuff is some of the best by any measure.
0,Using them now for a few months since I got tennis elbow. No adverse effect on sound and playing. Even playing the wood rim on my snare they hold up great.
0,Haven't got to far into this thing yet but I do like it.  Same classic behringer plastic housing that I personally never had problems with. Definitely get some odd tone change to work with here, I'd say check your YouTube channel to hear for yourself, if not familiar with the tones.
0,Pleasantly surprised! Very cool plexi type sound!
0,<div id="video-block-R2JD8W78VMV2W4" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/E1CftYdXDCS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/21sVfv5gUtS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;Wow, Amazing Mic, there aren't too many actual singing demos out there to really show what this thing can do, but this is the best mic for the money.  I am no expert sound engineer, but I've been mixing and recording for about ten years, and if you know the basics of sound processing and best practices, this mic will shine,  For those reviews saying that can't get good sound out of this...you need a direct box (48v phantom power) or Mixer or audio interface that has 48volt phantom power for this mic to work...It's a studio/ broadcast mic,, they all NEED phantom power.  If you are hooking this up to your computer, hopefully you have an audio interface with Phantom power-- don't just hook it up straight to your sound card, it won't work.  Get the Focusrite Scarlett 2i2 interface.
0,Perfect! A must have for all drummers! Highly recommend it.....
0,This unit worked very well and love it.
0,After reading the reviews, I expected the leather to be a tougher than it is. It's soft without being limp. There's no break-in time required. I bought this for my tele and it looks ans feels great. I like to keep a pre-adjusted strap in each guitar case, and I'm planning to buy another one of these for my Martin.
0,drop your mix into summed mono and run it through this... you'll hear what you need to hear for clarity purposes. also has a nice rubber padded bottom and mic thread to mount or set on your desk. i always use it to check my mixes, and has helped exponentially.
0,The Deluxe Memory Man is the pedal that was made famous by The Edge's sound in U2 as well as countless other musicians who have relied on this analog delay. Analog delay pedals are preferred over digital delays for their "warm" sound, actually caused in part by the deterioration of the high-end frequencies of the signal as the repeats continue. This slight change over time in the delay sounds more natural to the ear than the "carbon copy" repeats of digital delays, which sound exactly the same each repeat.		Each analog delay pedal sounds slightly different, and many people prefer the sound of the DMM. This is supposedly due to a certain classic chip that is used in this pedal. I have compared this to a MXR Carbon Copy, which is about half the price and a much smaller footprint. I liked the Carbon Copy, but I like the DMM much better. Another good feature it has is the modulation. You can set it to vibrato or chorus, and you can determine the amount of modulation. The modulation sounds pretty good, and it only affects the repeats.		The main downside is it needs its own power supply, and it has a very large footprint. The fact that it remains so popular despite these two major negatives (and its price) tells you what a good pedal it is. However, you may wish to wait for the upcoming "XO" Deluxe Memory Man, which is coming out quite soon and should be the same pedal in a smaller package.
0,good strings for the electric for the price
0,I'm the strings teacher, I teach violin, viola, cello... Its nice to get strings that do the job well for my kids and don't cost a fortune. This is not the right string for the virtuoso soloist or a member of a professional orchestra, but it is a very nice and stable string for the kid working through the first 3 books of the Suzuki method...
0,I was surprised how good the bass response was on this. Accurate, not hyped, so some have called them bass light which is a myth. I love extra bass so I'm the first to call headphones light on that. But these are full sounding but only where they need to be. They don't make an old record with less bass seem boomy. While they extend well and work for EDM, Hip Hop, etc.. As extended as their ATH-M50, but with less level at the lowest octaves for bass. I also have the ATH-908. This was AT's second best open set as ATH-909 they had replaced was the best and had the kind of subs I hear on these, with the same spaciousness and clarity of the ATH-908. The 908 don't go quite as low in the subs but overall are more open & clear with no added harshness. These did have a little more high mid bite which can be bothersome. But if I lost or broke my ATH-908. These may work. Though new condition ATH-908 or better ATH-909 is preferred.
0,Tried this on a whim. Impressed so much I made a video about it.	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fMLAn9J8UFQ&feature=youtu.be
0,Nice solid cables, with excellent support at the ends.  Should last a lifetime of usage no problem and just what I needed to connect my tube preamp.
0,I bought a whole set of these mutes and I'm pretty satisfied. They definitely do soften both noise and vibration significantly, although claims of 90% reduction are probably stretching it a bit. Basically they are just neoprene pads slightly thicker than a wetsuit. They do affect rebound and tone and the mutes for Hi-Hat and Ride totally kill the tone and feel (but do reduce volume significantly).  They are held in place by the rim on the drum head (with no adhesive) and the  fit is generally excellent, however, I found that on my smaller tome (6 & 8) the mats were more likely to come loose. I found the bass drum mute was easy to fit and as effective as the others. The keyhole shaped crash mutes are not as effective but still offer a large reduction in noise.		I read a couple of reviews that mentioned a strong odor but I did not notice this. Overall these do a good job and I am happy with them
0,I love these grips. Easy to apply and make it so much easier to keep a hold of the pick.
0,For the money these are awesome.  I bough them as spares, in case some of my students show at the class without the bow . . .
0,I tune by ear and the old fashion way, but this is so much better and locks in the note so you can really tell what you are doing.  Great tuner.
0,Grandson happy with these strings.
0,I use this capo for my Acoustic Guitar. Works perfectly.
0,Nice knobs felt cheap and light weight at first but look really nice, did not fit my epiphone but i didn't do any research, also a Philips head can make it fit if you need it to.
0,Hands down the best cables you can buy on Amazon. Cheap, but well made.
0,Good for acoustic instruments
0,Thanks
0,I do a lot of Guitar setups and use a few different types of strings. These are light enough to make playing fun again and still retain some of the low end sound of more heavier strings. They last about as long as most strings and are a real bargain if you change strings a lot. I recommend them for professionals that need good sound and change strings often to keep that brand new string feel and sound.		You can't go wrong with them unless you sweat all over them and don't wipe your strings but then again they are cheap enough to just throw another set on.
0,great strings for a metal jam session with the bros or a calm night with the girl... just relaxing.
0,Depends on playing style but has been a nice sounding Gibson humbucker  companion. Great for fingering or slide - love them. A bit richer than .008 and easy at the mid and upper neck. Decent sound on a Strat but not as slide friendly with neck curvature. Oh, these strings don't go their separate way using a capo. Takes a bit more effort than .008 but workable. Not so friendly on an acoustic - richness of tone isn't there. Stick with wound coil pickups and electric guitars where these are concerned.
0,I have owned and performed with a Kala Rumbler for a few years. I can say without reservation, the Hadean Ubass is superior to the Kala and about half the price. The workmanship is excellent. I was especially impressed with the detailed fretwork. The action out of the box was perfect and the electronics sound better and more balanced than the Kala. I also prefer that the Hadean has a strap button at the end of the bout and the separate plug-in is on the underside. It's a better set-up than the Kala, which uses the combo plug-in/strap gizmo at the tail. If you're deciding between a Kala and a Hadean, go with the Hadean. Ask Rondo Music about the long-scale Hadean 23-33. It's a slightly larger uBass and for a few bucks extra, has a nice hardshell case available.
0,meet expectations
0,These are the thickest picks I've ever used.  However, I am really liking them.  The tone they give seems better to my ears than anything I've tried and my speed picking has improved.
0,...it's cheap. It works and is comfortable. I have always preferred generic guitar straps for some reason (at least during my 52 years of playing, but I could change my mind any minute).
0,my band mate uses these picks, and he never uses his back ups due to no slipping.  great picks for the price
0,I have a home studio and needed extra cables for my three guitars and keyboard. I wanted to have them all plugged in and ready to go without having to switch cables all the time. So, I tried this cable and it works perfectly. Very heavy cord and top quality construction. Can't beat the price either. Will buy again.
0,There are plenty of folks who tried these and then seem to hate these. I found them a very interesting change from EJ16s. I usually play without a pick so these strings with a pick sound pretty good to me but I also changed to medium weight at the same time. Surprisingly enough, they don't seem harder to fret than EJ16 light strings. Also surprising was that they are not ground very flat. To my ear they reduce the squeak from sliding on the bass strings about a third but certainly do not eliminate it. My opinion is that technique has more effect on string squeak than these flattened strings but they provide a very different playing experience and tone and were worth trying out. Time will tell if they grow on me.
0,Seem well made and fit snugly around the drums. I bought them for storage more that transport so I'm happy. Not sure how they would hold up to a lot of road wear if you're a working musician, though.
0,I have an old Gibson Junior  snakehead -- certainly looks and sounds like one but the label is gone.  This case is amazingly solid for the price, fits the junior like a glove.  For the type of transporting I do, I don't need more and feel like I'm better protecting this treasure than the old falling apart original case. Paddings is snug, locks soild, handle comfortable.
0,I've found these green dip 5B sticks are my favorite for my electronic drums. The weight, balance, and thickness work great for me, and the rubber has the perfect grippiness without being sticky. These will be my go-to sticks from now on.
0,I was always a Shure buyer. They're good microphones but I tried the Sennheiser and it is clearer and far superior in quality.  I recommend it.
0,good as usual
0,they are good, but they did not blow me away as i thought they would.
0,Really nice cable.  I will get more of these.
0,Very nice cymbals  came in good condition
0,My son is the guitar player and said this Capo is much better than the one he purchased at Musicians Outlet.  A lot cheaper too!
0,I am totally blown away by this mic. For the price it can't be beat. I will eventually replace all my studio mics with these. Thank you so much
0,I have been a tone snob for years using everything from Marshall 50 watt plexi's, Mesa Boogies, and everything in between.  The Tubemeister is great with built in Red Box for direct connection to the board, and a sound to die for.  Very loud for 18 watts.  I run mine into a Marshall 4x12 1960b with 25 watt Celestion black backs.  Amazing sound.  I do wish it had more than one speaker output jack, and an adjustable effects loop.  I really dig the blue glow when playing out.
0,I really love how these sticks feel but since they are maple they can be pretty fragile. I broke cracked my first pair by just doing a very light rim shot on my alesis dm10 drum which does have a real drum hoop. So I would say these perhaps wouldn't last very long on an acoustic drumset especially cymbal hits.
0,I bought this for occasional use with a guitar, mostly it collected dust. But...		Sometimes I play guitar in a band where I mix from the stage, and the vocalist likes a little slappy echo on his voice, but between songs he likes the delay off... so I figured an experiment was in order.		I ran 2 20' cables, one from the aux out on my board to the delay input, the other from the delay output to an open channel on my board. I turned the level to "max", and dialed the really wet signal into the monitors and FOH. I let him kick that pedal on and off all night... now I can concentrate on playing and not on whether I forgot to mute/unmute his stupid delay. Win! And it sounds pretty darned good, I shaved a little treble off the channel so it didn't get too "in the way", almost like an analog quality. Good stuff.
0,love em
0,Best tuner ever. Miles beyond a standard microphone tuner. Using it with steel string & nylon acoustics, electric guitar, and ukulele. Also has a really nice little bag to keep it in. 11/10.
0,Warm and punchy, these strings make even slap bass sound dark. They give a characteristic "thump" on every note and are articulate,  with a good attack and sustain as you want it- play up by the fretboard and they will sustain for what feels like an eternity; play near the bridge and they will thump and disappear before you need to fit more notes in.	These strings also have an incredible life span. If you needed too, you could play these about  three times a week and make them last for 9 months (something I actually did a few years back) but with a completely original tone, these strings played in 14 musical performances, and a solid 18 gigs over the span of about 4 months on my Fender American Deluxe Jazz Bass.
0,They're on my new Tele! Just know that drilling the different sizes can be challenging. Also, these are not knurled. I actually used a dab of glue to make sure they wouldn't fall out over time.
0,Everything I need to keep my guitar in shape.
0,Yes! I keep this on the head stock of my acoustic guitar. So easy to use and so accurate, and no cables or pedals.
0,I know nothing about guitars or guitar strings. I was looking for tougher than average strings.  These strings  sounded stronger and thicker in the ad....which 4 of them are.  That's why I purchased them.  They haven't started to rust as yet either.  (2 weeks)	My horse plays musical  instruments.
0,Unusual sounds with wide variations possible. Near Hammond sound.
0,My old H.A.T. Kat had gone to that drum gig in the sky and I wasn't sure what kind of controller might work with my new (to me) TD-10.  This one was inexpensive and well reviewed so I decided to try it.  REALLY happy with it!  While its not metal like my old controller (so far lighter) the velcro base holds firmly to the rug under my kit and it works flawlessly.  Note that my older module only detects open/closed positions - newer modules will have many more intermediate positions for the hi-hat pedal and I do not know if this one supports that.
0,LOVE Them.  Only way to go for a travel/compact pedalboard!
0,rapid delivery fitment mean nothing ...custom guitar  everything came as pictured
0,Looks great, but I bought it as a gift so I can't review it!
0,Excellent Product.
0,Good.
0,I love the hybrid sizes. easy bends up high, solid power chords down low. The best of both worlds.
0,took a while to arrive...dont know why...they did keep me posted through amazon...very nice strap...want to get other colors but don't know if i can wait that long...strap fits well and rivits are snug along with the small v tag at the end of the rivets...nice strap but need to get ahead of the game on manufacturing..just my advice..enjoy	note..i have a bunch of walker williams...these are still very good straps..try one...
0,I wanted a good gig bag for my SG and this fits perfect.
0,Works great, arrived in good condition.
0,love it
0,Cons:	Battery (included one) was fully dead, it brought me a few hours of concern till I replaced it with new one.	Pros:	Came really fast, wrapped good enough to save from any impacts.	Very decently made unit. Metal with rubber on base.	Looks really cool (photos are attached), especially after I replaces knobs with black ones.	And finally pedal has a really great tone, it was really nice surprise!!	I love it :)
0,great sounding violin. All the accessories came in contact so im very happy with this product.
0,A VERY handy item. Great for sitting by your practice amp when you don't want to be bothered with stepping all over your 10footers.  The wire could be a little heavier but you can't beat the value. The plugs are the standard screw-down type with well soldered  joints.  I've used this, now, for quite a while and have no problems nor complaints with this cord.
0,Absolutely love these, they're probably not the most "accurate" studio monitors out there, as other reviewers have noticed, but at the sub-$100 price point, I would take these over a comparable M-Audio any day. The packaging was exceptional, and the inclusion of bass pads was a fantastic touch, but take note; THESE DO NOT COME WITH BALANCED TRS CABLES. If you're looking to do some serious DAW related work on these bad boys, a balanced TRS cable set would be absolutely necessary, but alas, they left it out. It includes an Aux cord, Unbalanced RCA connectors and Wiring, but no TRS cables. This is nit-picky I know, but it was a slight disappointment.		Regardless, these have fantastic audio reproduction once you find your sweet spots, and the bass is lacking BUT accurate. I see a lot of other reviewers who complained about a lack of bass, and these people are also usually the ones who bought these to be Multimedia speakers INSTEAD of reference speakers. Also worth noting, how much bass are you seriously expecting out of 3" domes? Really?		Anyways, these are a fantastic bang for the buck. Ever since getting these I check my mixes maybe twice. Once on these, and once on a mid-tier set of Sony headphones, and it's done. Assuming these don't crap out on me in like a year, my five star rating will remain.
0,Have had a mobile DJ service for almost 30 years, so I have purchased a lot of lights.  This is the BEST DEAL I believe I have ever found.  $31, are you kidding me?????  These lights are better than the $100 to $150 LED lights like the Kitna and similar.  Not sure about the reviews that says they are only good in a 10 foot space.  I put 2 of them in a Sports Bar that really is not that dark, and they LIGHT THE PLACE UP!!!!  It's about 60 foot to the back wall, and they shine just fine on the back wall.  They are LED so they can run all night without getting hot.  And where most LED lights have Red, Green, and Blue, this one has 6 COLORS.  They are very light and plastic, so would probably not hold up terribly well in a mobile situation, but who cares......they're $31!!!!!  Just buy them, you'll be glad you did.
0,Very nice effect.
0,Very Pleased
0,Nice tuner. Fits well in the head stock with good padding. The green light really helps to tell you when you're strings are tuned. I would recommend this tuner.
0,went the music play the lx5 moonflower dance  I like it very much
0,worked as described no issues...
0,AMAZING PRODUCT. really great recording quality. Drums sound great recorded on these with just the zoom as an overhead. No need for other mics! (I suggest if you record your drumset with just the zoom, boost the low-end a bit while editing. still sounds great raw though!) I wish this recorder had an XLR output option, or at least 1/4 inch output. at least it has USB output...	Overall, great product.
0,Only I really need to know what it is	you just enjoy the beauty
0,Made by Fender, fits my MIM Stratocaster with no issues at all.  As advertised this product is what you would expect
0,WOW! is the only word I can really say.  But believe me this item really helped me in my concert earlier.  It made my bass amp sound like something 3 times larger. Man Oh Man....Truly amazing......Bass players....you won't believe it unless you get you one...nuff said
0,Love this thing.
0,Love this item,this is my second one as I read a review where they can be synced together. This they can. Very bright,lightweight and versatile,exctly what I was looking for.
0,I finally broke down and got this with a  dedicated power supply--the BBE Supa Charger 8 Output HP Power Supply.  I've been building pedals for a long time, and have acquired a lot since I started playing in the early 80's.  It's nice to have a pro setup at home and get to enjoy my collection.  I'm very happy I bought this.
0,Like it says above , if you need one get this one,  Got a few of them on a couple of basses where resting on the pick-ups just don't get it. Good price fast ship, good packaging.
0,Wow this is exactly what i needed ...works same as other boards (like the pedal train) but for half the Cost ...Thx
0,Perfect for my 8" splash.
0,Good starter instrument.  My daughter wanted something to take to college and not worry about it getting stolen or damaged.  Plays well enough for this purpose.  She will need to upgrade to a better instrument at some point.
0,These replaced the wired mic's on a karaoke machine and not only are easier to use without the cord in the way but sound better than the factory mic's.
0,Good Rack, sturdy and adjustable
0,I am putting my karaoke light on this very lightweight and durable easy to adjust easy to put together very pleased
0,Good product.
0,it looks awesome but I haven't tried it yet
0,This bridge is all right. It's not a life changing piece of gear, but it's a very good Tune-O-Matic style roller bridge. It looks identical to the Wilkinson brand roller bridge that sell for many more dollars at other places. It's arguable what the roller saddles really do for this bridge, but whatever, they work fine.		One thing that is really cool about it is that it can be re-radiused pretty easily. I know a lot of Fenders nowadays come with Tune-O-Matic bridges and it's always hard upgrading those because the usual Tune-O-Matic string radius is too flat for Fenders. However, these bridges offer a workaround. Each saddle can be removed and reattached using the hex screws. If you cut some pieces of aluminum from beer/soda cans (flatten them out first) into little rectangles and drill tiny holes in them (so you basically have rectangular washers made of aluminum), you can slip them underneath the saddle before you put the screw back in, and then tighten them. Now your saddle is shimmed. You can do this on the four inner saddles to change the radius of the bridge to match the radius of your neck. I've found that I can superglue a couple of aluminum pieces together to make thicker shims. I've found that for 7.25" radius, 2 aluminum thickness on the A and B strings, and 3 thickness on the D and G will do the trick. For 9.5" radius, 1 thickness on the A and B, and 2 thickness on the D and G seem to get right about there. It's not perfect but it's far better than just doing anything about it.		These bridges are also extremely versatile and can be installed in all kinds of different settings. If you buy some M4 or 6-32 posts with thumbwheels (or use existing posts), you can install them in ABR-1 vintage style installations. The hardware that comes with this bridge will let you install them into import-style 6mm large bridge posts (like on Epiphone). Meanwhile, 4mm small bridge Nashville style posts (like Fender and Gibson) will be able to hold these bridges using stock posts (the included hardware will be useless). So basically, if your guitar has any Tune-O-Matic style bridge, chances are they can handle this bridge. You can't say that about most Tune-O-Matic bridges.		So why 4 stars? Because honestly, if it's a guitar I care about, I'd rather use GraphTech NV2 ResoMax bridges and be done with it. I find roller bridges to be overrated and I'd rather have a low-friction bridge with stationary saddles and fewer moving parts. GraphTech saddles are easy to radius, too, though you'll need some proper files for it. But as a cheap workaround, these bridges are great.
0,The old Snark tuners were a bit delicate, but these new ones seem to be stronger. Improved readout. Very accurate turning, and a great price.
0,worth the price
0,Can't really complain as they are exactly as expected for the price. Sloppy when tuning but stay in tune better than the originals on my used $40 Epiphone SG Special. If your looking for a low cost alternative to crappy original tuners these will do.
0,I just had it Pro installed on my MM Stingray 4 string. My band does so many different tunings and this just saves time. I will be doing this again on my other Basses. Fast shipping as well.
0,fits my set up. runs on batteries. Does the job. Effects adjustment limited.
0,The Alesis SR18 Drum Machine is amazing. I have had many problems with every computer based drum machine program. It's not that they didn't work right, but the fact that they just weren't for me. I am very good with computers, do photography editing, and music editing, etc, all on the few computers I own. As far as doing drums on my computer, It just wasn't clicking. Everyone has to find their path of least resistance, and THEIR best method for doing things, since everybody is different and everyone has their own path of least resistance. Hence, to each, their own. What works best and is the easiest for one person, may be the most complicated for the other. What is most complicated for you, may be the easiest for the other person.		Basically what I am saying is this drum machine, once in my hands, really clicked. This was MY path of least resistance. It's good to know I can sit down with this machine, and only this machine, and make full drum tracks. As far as some people saying this is so hard to use, or takes a couple months, for me it took two days. Hence, 6 one way, half dozen the other. The first day I just messed with it, without directions. It was confusing. The second day, I read the directions, and by the end of the second day, I had already made three full length drum tracks, doing everything from customizing my entire drum set and sounds, making a bunch of patterns, and then piecing all those patterns together to make tracks.		Ok, so now for what it can do:	* I saw one review where they said you cannot change the length of the patterns. This is not true. You CAN indeed change the length of the patterns. You can use whatever tempo you want, 120, 140, whatever, and you can make the patterns 4 beats long, or 8, or 16, etc.	* You can customize your own drum setup, so you have have a couple bass, etc. Rule of thumb if you are trying to re-create double bass, is to make two sounds, almost identical, BUT make the second sound a little different tonewise. Because in real life, you can tell the difference between both bass drums. This makes it sound more realistic.	* There are a TON of different sound variations for every kind of drum sound you want.	* You can tweak each individual sound. For instance, if I find a crash I like, but think to myself that I want it to sound softer, offset it to the right a little, change the pitch to a slightly lower pitch, and also make it ring on longer, ALL of this is possible.	* Learning this machine really is not that hard. Can be done within a good weekend.		All in all, this machine is amazing. I am a heavy metal guitarist, and I record my own tracks on a Tascam DP-02, and this works great in conjunction with that. This machine works very well with the metal genre, or rock, or any genre at all. It lets me put together full length tracks (from all of my combined patterns I made), does very very well using it in a double bass aspect (you can program the bass to sound like double bass, and as fast as you want), and you end up with very realistic sounding drum tracks! Since I play metal, this is VERY important, since it's hard to find a good drum machine that can go with the metal genre. Last, all I have to do is plug it into my Tascam recorder, and record! Love it! This sounds amazing!		The one and ONLY downside to this is the fact that there is NO connection to connect it to your computer. I want to make this clear. There is a way to hook up through your instrument cable connections, but then I'm not sure how this hooks to your computer through a 1/4" cable connection. But all I have to do is record them into my Tascam, then send them to my computer, where I can save them for later.		Hope this helps, and sorry about rambling. Any questions, feel free to comment and I will surely answer them for you the best I can, to help out.
0,gator has the best stuff
0,better than the originals for sure, easier to bend, last longer(maybe twice as long as originals) and stay in tune ALOT better than most strings. but they don't sound that much greater than the original daddario strings so these are more of a performance upgrade rather than a tonal upgrade in my opinion. ive used about four of these light sets with a few different guitars and over all i like them and think they are worth the price.
0,Well-made, all-purpose sticks, especially for beginners and kids!
0,Love it.
0,These locks are well made and finished very nicely. I expect them to last for years.	Installation was straight forward. J	ust make sure to have the solid end facing the ends of the strap.	I found it easier to use a spin tight tool to secure the nut properly.		End result is easy on, easy off!	Nice!
0,Helps with  noise reduction
0,These work great.  Stretch them.  Hold tune.  Stays good for a couple live shows.  Cut them off and start again.  I buy a lot because I string a lot of guitars (20+) and this is all I use.
0,They're stickers for your keys. That's all that I wanted. So yeah Its good.
0,It seems to be of good quality.  I ordered the wrong size Male plug so I haven't used it	and too lazy to return it.
0,Needed a case to hold my uke. Was advertised to hold soprano size, but is a little large. But with the neck strap, it holds the uke snuggly in place. Was able to pick this up at a great price. Although it's not a hard sided case. It more than fits the bill.
0,My brother had requested I buy some Danelectro Fab pedals because he has a D-3 and liked it. So I Bought four of the pedals so far and guess what, I like them a lot. Thank You Amazon for having these great pedals at such a great price!	Just give them a try.
0,GREAT SELLER PRODUCT WORKED GREAT
0,Durable fat sound.  I really love these on my cigar box 3 string.  A lot heavier than most CBG players use but I get that rugged in your face with these babies and a heavy short slide!
0,Amazing! It might seem a little pricey for a hunk or plastic, but WOW! It really shortened the "break-in time" on a new set of strings. I noticed a definite improvement in tuning stability, without endless tugging on strings.
0,I use this with a Yanagisawa curved soprano sax, and am very pleased with it.  It's better than the case that came with the horn.  The Protec case looks better and has much more capacity for accessories, sheet music, etc.  Well worth the price.
0,Nifty little instrument.  Be careful because it does have some sharp edges......		Tip: do not pull it out of the container......hold it upside down and shake it out.....this way you won't damage it.
0,Very nice quality leather and embossing. Also comfortable to wear.
0,Excellent product. Thanks Amazon.
0,It's The Real McCoy sounds just like it should battery compartment improved durable would buy again
0,I like the tuner and I'm definitely keeping it, but the "polyphonic" aspect of it is pretty useless. When you tune using the needle (or LED version of a needle), it will show each string as being in tune. Then when you strum and use the polyphonic mode, it often shows some strings are out! And that's even when I use the neck pick up and strum with my thumb, as the manual says to do. But the tuner works great in the single string mode, and I also like the drop D setting and the easy way to switch between the 2 modes. It also has very cool and easy ways to adjust the 440 Hz pitch, and it is very easy to switch to Eb tunings and other settings. I also like the LED lights and the automatic brightness setting. That is a very cool feature for those folks who still use batteries to power their pedals. The tuner works great, and that is its saving grace after a kinda gimmicky sales pitch regarding the polyphonic setting. So buy it, but do it because the price is right and it works great as a tuner in the traditional sense, not because of the polyphonic gimmick. (August 2013 edit as follows) I just found out a feature of this pedal that I definitely do NOT like!! I dislike it so much, I had to edit my review. I wanted to hear how some of my licks sounded in E flat. So I set the tuner to the E flat setting as explained in the manual, then I tried to tune. All the strings kept showing that they were still in standard tuning. It seems as if my drop settings on the tuner were not functioning. I wrote the manufacturer (they did get back to me quickly) and they explained that the drop tuning functions ONLY WORK in polytune mode!! So if you're like me, and you find that polytune doesn't work very well, then basically all this is is a standard needle chromatic tuner that will not tune in any other drop modes! LAME!!
0,as described
0,Worked perfectly as expected.
0,Heavier than I thought it would be.  Fit my music room door exactly as I thought it would.
0,Has been an essential pedal on my board for over a year now. Never let me down; in my room, at rehearsal, on stage, it never died on me. Sounds fantastic. Can get full on copies of the signal for some awesome ambient progressions and can also set it so subtle that it almost works like a reverb, really making my clean progressions or lead tones pop out. Dirt cheap price, True Bypass circuitry, Miniature pedal board footprint, all metal casing, and great tone. Can't be happier. I've owned 10 Donner pedals in the past, from their Tuner to their Tremolo, and I honestly think this is Donner's best pedal.		I say, if you can't afford an MXR Carbon Copy or a TC Electronic Flashback, pick up the Donner Yellow Fall.		Just be careful to make sure you order it off of amazon.com and NOT their host website, donnerdeal.com. Had more troubles with that website than I've ever had with any other company, ever.
0,I have been playing guitar (all acoustic or acoustic/electric) for 50 years and, for all that time, have been using what I regarded as the standard: Fender medium gauge tortoise shell tine flat picks. Once I passed my 70th birthday (and bought my first electric guitar - Never too old to rock 'n roll!)	I found the pick slipping and decided to try these to saa if they made a difference in the secure feeling I need in my hand when I flat pick. These are perfect!!
0,very good product, works well with my use.
0,THESE SPIDER IV AMPS ARE GREAT AMPS FOR CLUB GIGS. I HAVE BEEN USING LINE 6 SINCE 1996, AND HAVE HAD SEVERAL DIFFERENT MODELS, NEVER HAD A FAILURE.  I HAVE A SPIDER III 2X10", A SPIDER IV 2X10" AND THIS 2X12" 150 WATT.	YOU DON'T NEED 20 EFFECTS PEDALS ON THE FLOOR AND ALL THE BUZZ HAD HISS FROM THOSE WALL-WART 9V POWER ADAPTERS THAT TAKE HOURS TO SET UP AND TROUBLESHOOT WHEN ONE GOES OUT.	GET A LINE 6 AMP AND THE FBV FOOT SWITCH PEDAL AND BE DONE WITH SETTING UP. YOU CAN DIAL IN ANY SOUND  YOU WANT ON THESE AMPS, THEY SOUND GREAT, AND THEY ARE RELIABLE... THE ROCK GROUP "YES" IS NOW USING LINE 6 AND GOT RID OF 50 PEDALS ON THE FLOOR AND MILES OF GUITAR CORDS AND POWER CORDS...	GET ONE BEFORE THEY ARE GONE. AT $349, YOU CAN'T GET ANY BETTER AMP OR SOUND.	YAMAHA JUST BOUGHT LINE 6 AND WILL HAVE NEW MODELS COMING OUT IN THEIR PRO AUDIO PRODUCTS...	YAMAHA KNOWS GOOD TECHNOLOGY WHEN THEY SEE IT, SO THEY BOUGHT LINE 6...
0,good pick up's
0,Great prices
0,good price. gets the job done.
0,It greases when and where needed, and doesn't smell. OK, so it is just cork/joint grease, but if you play woodwinds, you are miserable when it is gone......
0,I've got 5 effects hooked up to this thing. It fits beautifully and powers all of them at once. Have no problems with this. I recommend it!
0,I use it mostly for rehearse and playback, it is just the perfect fit for my rig, two line outs, two RCA outputs, one line IN and one Microphone input. Did I say it is USB powered? My Mac detected it without any issue, for windows I just downloaded the driver from Lexicon.
0,Relatively cheaply built with plastic housing but DMX capable and priced right. Would buy again.
0,It looks cheap, feels cheap, sounds good. Can't complain about the first 2 when you get it for 3 bucks. Sound is better than I expected.
0,Cool tuner, the rubber feet that clamp onto the headstock always fall off.
0,Great strings I use then exclusively and with no regret!
0,Excellent bass strings.
0,Very good for strumming 0.012 and 0.013 acoustic guitar strings.
0,as expected
0,Great value for money and a must have for any live/home studio setup. Did a couple of demos with this and sounds awesome. The combo pack add ons bring more value to the full package.....a definite recommend to all who want to buy a good practical and economy mic!
0,For the money, this thing rocks. When it came, I tried to tune the strings and the E string broke hahaha but luckily I had another set. I slapped some D'addario XL chromes on this baby and it sounds awesome through my acoustic 15 watt bass combo. I'm very happy with this purchase, I've owned many basses and for the price you can get much better than this. There's a little bit of fret buzz here and there, but when you're playing through an amp it doesn't even matter (cause you don't hear it). You should buy this bass if you want a good sounding jazz for cheap!
0,Great all around microphone for the price.
0,Works as expected
0,Excellent
0,I use these strings on my&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Epiphone-Broadway-Archtop/dp/B0002GZU9I/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Epiphone Broadway Archtop</a>.  Although many jazz players prefer flat-wound strings, I like the liveliness of these.  They feel great under my fingers.  The length of the strings is also generous--the Broadway is notorious for the extra-long D string it requires. D'addario provides more than sufficient length.		If long-lasting tone is what you're after, these are worth a try.
0,Nice soft Fender guitar strap. Goes good with my new blue Squier Bullet short scale!
0,I teamed this up with a Roland Quadcapture and my recordings really sound professional. Couldn't ask for more at this price.
0,excelent
0,For price, you absolutely can't beat this. So far, I can dial in any sound I'm looking for. Very clear and crisp sound. Well built. Don't use a battery though, get a power supply.
0,I'm using this for a American Standard Telecaster project. Naturally, it fits perfectly and the quality is superb. The cost also takes most of the sting out of Fender's inflated prices. Highly recommended.
0,really good for the price.
0,This is a well made harmonica with a nice mellow tone. I'd give it five stars except that the edges of the reed plates protrude past the wooden comb and are a bit tough on one's lips.(in my opinion)
0,Must have for any pedal chain.
0,Best sticks known to man! Perfect size, solid build. Sturdy & strong, but light enough to do the fast fills, etc. I guess it's all a matter of your preference & the style you play, but these are better than all other brands IMO.
0,Sound just like a MXR Phase 90.	Does not have a nice foot switch as you can't feel the switch engage (no click) you have to watch for the LED to come on or listen.		Physically Not as strong as a MXR Phase90 (Don't buy this to gig with) but great for home studio use.
0,Much better than the Plastic washer screws that came with my rack. These all worked flawlessly and the steel washer lets you snug your components down nicely.
0,If you have pedals with jacks in just the right spot then these are perfect. I only use "one" pedal but have an additional tuner pedal and this coupling eliminates the need for the short cable. Be sure to check to make sure that your jacks are at the same height, and on the correct side (obviously).
0,very good quality cable! love it!
0,I bought these (light)picks because of the price. They work good if your strumming some light rhythms, but they tend to be weak and break if your strumming a fast song. I guess that's to be expected for a light pick.
0,These do a good job. They definitely take the cymbal sound away, but the volume goes too.
0,works great.
0,Excellent!
0,Perfect gauge for Les Paul if you want to do any moderate drop-tuning.  In other words, the perfect GnR strings :)
0,Very good product.  I now use them on all my guitars.
0,great
0,Gives me the brightness I've been looking for without sacrificing tone.
0,Okay, ASSUMING you have done your work and properly measured the bridge you will need (either for a new build or a replacement) then this thing is great. Are there better bridges available? Yes, but they cost many times more than this one. I purchased this to replace a broken bridge on an Epiphone Les Paul and it was a perfect fit.
0,Very Good
0,Although not perfect, this is a decent wah pedal. It is not necessarily my "go-to" wah, but I use it often. The adjustment range is nice and offers some very useful variations in the sound. For the price, well worth having as another option for wah pedals. My favorite wah is probably the Morley power wah, but this is my number 2.
0,These are holding up well with my 10 year old son! Every year for his birthday he asks for new drumsticks for one of his presents and these are great!
0,I got this to replace the Electro Harmonix switch box that had bleed because it had such a poor circuit.		This big shot rocks and keeps my blood pressure at bay! I use it to route it to two different preempts in the studio.		My only complaint is that the switches for the output B markings could be clearer. I recorded bass for two days without realizing the petal made it out of phase. Not sure what that says about my musicality.		Non the less. This thing is superb and super tasty with Maple Syrup!
0,Makes playing so much more comfy
0,Best value rotary speaker pedal on the market. It is plastic but its sturdy so... If your going to use it for recording or just generally take care of you equipment, you'll be fine, if your taking it to a steel factory and throwing chunks of iron at it of course it will break. I don't know why guitarist seem to treat there stomp boxes like a plumbing tool but it would seem the average guitarist needs a stomp box that can withstand a WWII campaign. Enough with my rant, the pedal gives you a lot of control over your sound, it has three modes based on different Leslie cabinets and each one is very different. There is a fast and slow setting which allows you to hold the button in and switch between the two speeds like a switch on a real Leslie. There is also a ramp switch witch allows you to control whether you abruptly change speeds or gradually increase and decrease. There is a gain control which adds subtle to raunchy tube overdrive to the tone. The only real problem is there is no volume control so you really cant adjust the volume with your other effects, which is a problem especially for live application. The gain can increase your volume but it will also add overdrive. Its a great pedal for home recording. I've played guitar through it, organ, and electric piano through it and can get all those classic tones easily. I really like it and if your looking for a quality, value rotary pedal I would recommend this one highly.
0,These are neutral and versatile microphones.  Lower noise than some, and the ability to use figure 8, hyper-cardioid, cardioid, sub-cardioid and omni is just so useful.  Like having several mikes in one.  Recording acoustic groups only so far.  But being able to do a blumlein pair or switching to mid-side or spaced cardioids depending on the room in use sure does make these highly useful.		I would say they sound just the tiniest bit warm in omni mode, and most clear in figure 8 mode, but that is really splitting hairs.  I have used them with a Focusrite Forte USB interface, as well as a TC Impact Twin and a Mackie FX12 mixer.  No issues with any of those.  I feel these M179's are quite a bargain.		So 5 stars on these.
0,Worked great for Halloween. We sat it next to us in the driveway and the kids had a blast running through the fog as they came up for candy.
0,First pair of elixirs in four years of playing. Previously played on all phosphor bronze. These feel great and sound great as well. Will definitely be buying these in the future.
0,Works perfectly!		This thing has saved my bacon more than once.  It's a great little guy to have in your bag, because you never know when you're gonna need it.		Quality construction, very well-made.
0,Great acoustic strings.
0,This is the first guitarist's footrest that I own, so I don't really have anything else to compare it to, but I really like it. The footplate is fairly sizable and covered with a non slip textured rubber. There are several height adjustment options (I got the one without the extension plate), and at the higher positions it is still reasonably stable, as long as you don't 'sway' your leg back and forth.  The metal is fairly heavy gauge, and the spots that are welded look high quality, so it should last a good long time.
0,Looks and sounds amazing! Just what I needed for my rock-a-billy band!
0,Had to buy an L arm to fix this between my hat and Tom. It's got a nice tone and firm plastic build..
0,They work and sound great.
0,This thing is amazing. Espicelly for the price. If you are going for a bit more portability then get the Bose. Sound quality is subjective, but for your average, bar, small club, dj, singer songwriter gig it is fine and you will be happy.
0,Drop in fit for my MIM Strat, and really classes up the guitar.
0,I'm a beginner guitar player going on intermediate and I've quickly learned that anything from Jim Dunlop is quality stuff.
0,offers a whole new level of ear thumping purgatory every time my son plays, which is almost every evening. at least the sound is pure and vibrant compared to his old set of heads. i highly recommend this item for anyone looking for one of the best drum heads and at an affordable price.
0,Works great. powers a ton of pedals and doesn't cause 60hz hum.
0,This is a very fun little instrument and is a great value at $20.  Short of a kazoo or recorder, I doubt you will find a better quality instrument for this price or under.		It is all metal with a taut and quality head that is adjustable.  It is small enough to play when lying on the bed or couch passing some time watching TV or listening to music.  It also won't upset the neighbors with how loud it is.		The dooms are not very bassy because of the size (it is small), however the teks are very good and metallic and it is a great little camping or on-the-go accessory to bring along because it is so small.		I am a fan of Hossam Ramzy and his Sabla Tolo albums and figured I would get this as a fun little percussion toy.  I liked it so much that I bought the 3020 model.		I am a guitar player and rhythm and percussion are not my strong suit, but this little darbuka is easy enough to learn some fun rhythms in just a few hours if you are familiar with how the instrument is supposed to sound and how it is held.
0,Best tuner for the price
0,Works great!!!
0,Great strings for the price..buy them..
0,best banjo tuner i've ever owned and i've owned a few.  it's reasonably accurate but what does it for  me is that the headstock shadows the meter enough so i can actually see the colors and letters on the little screen. plus it does attract attention to itself.
0,What an assortment of picks!  I've tried most of them...have a couple of favorites of course.		And, thanks to an email from the company, I now know how to easily open the Tin.  Yeah, as crazy as it sounds	I struggled to claw open the cover not realizing that all I had to do was press down on the center of the cover and	pull it off.  Thanks for the help Anthony Scott!		Almost didn't buy them because of the price, but now that I've seen and used them I think it's reasonable.
0,These drum heads are ridiculously durable. They can take a good beating daily and still retain their amazing sound. Took a little while to break in, but that's the case with all drum heads. I recommend them.
0,Been using George L's for years with zero issues and they make my rig sound better then standard run of the mill cables.
0,Using it to hang harmonica microphone on mic stand..
0,Been playing guitar for over 37 years and I have tried everything out there that has been available to me. Somehow, I always keep coming back to finger ease. After all these years I still tear my fingers up because of the bends and harmonix I perform. I am also a bit of an aggressive player and dig in harder than a normal player would. This stuff gives my fingers relief were no other product has.
0,I have the Behringer delay DD400 pedal and the pre amp modulator TM300,l and this is my favorite of the three. There is no buzz from it, and the sounds it offers is AMAZING. For the price, you cant beat it. I especially like the "Cave" setting and the "Space" is fun to play around with. This adds a lot more atmosphere to my playing, which is just what I wanted! I love this pedal.
0,A nice quality Ukulele for the money. Finish is natural mahogany. Strings sound pretty good for a beginner Uke. I'm enjoying this instrument very much.
0,great for guitar pot nuts, also makes a nice lever for popping off the knobs. Its a spanner that doesn't take up a lot of room in the tool drawer. I marked mine with a sharpy, so when I find it 3 months from now I'll remember what its for. Doesn't look like your average wrench, more like a tool from an Ikea project. Make sure you put a cloth between this tool and your guitar when working knobs off so you don't scratch the finish. Some thin felt on the backside of this would surely make it even more better.
0,Not a bad cable, works well with others, oh right this is a product review. The ends are a little flimsy, what ever you do don't step on the ends.
0,I used this unit for my guitar rig in my basement. (I don't use it to gig, I use a smaller unit). I have 4 amps, two pedal boards & and of course my PA system. Obviously I don't use everything at once most of the time but I do switch amps a lot and pedal boards a lot. Typically I don't like to keep all my gear powered (especially the tube amps). Now, instead of swapping out plugs, and reaching behind stands and practically breaking my neck every time, I have this unit hooked up into my rack & I can turn on everything or just one thing at the flip of a switch. It's AMAZING! If that wasn't enough, it also helped reduce my 60 cycle hum to the point where I don't notice it all anymore! Killer unit!!
0,The EB rock n' roll version of the Slinkies have wonderful tone on my Stratocaster ..nice for blues and rock music ..
0,I'm prefacing this review by saying that I know absolutely nothing about guitars or guitar picks. I don't own a guitar nor do I know how to play one. My specialty is art and jewelry making. For this purpose these guitar picks are perfect. It's very simple to create DIY projects with these picks. They are thin enough to hand hole punch. (I have a heavy duty hole puncher.) Once you get the hole in it's simple to turn the pick into whatever you want. I elected for making necklaces. I think these guitar picks are a great statement piece and conversation starter.		I have  no concerns about the focus of the images. These are scaled down images, which for their size, have good picture quality. I've received other items with scaled down images where the pictures were out of focus, these are not.		I'd dated a guitar player in my past. All of his picks were thicker and larger. As that's been some years, I don't know the reasoning. With my limited knowledge of guitars, I can only assume these are introductory level guitar picks. They are thin and have some flexing. It's also hard to imagine these being practical works of art once they get broken in. I say that because they guy I date had worn markings on his picks. The logos were worn off nearly entirely. I imagine if you use these for any extended amount of time the same will happen to them as well.		Ratings (Out of five stars):	Size: 	Picture Quality: 	Tin Quality: 	Leather Pick Holder Quality: 	Value: 		Overall rating: 25 out of 25 stars / 5 Star Average		SUMMARY: As a novelty item, jewelry making, DIY project, or gift for a guitar & art lover, I think these are perfect. I can't tell you how well they strum a guitar but I would buy these for my needs.	__________________________________________________________		I received this product complimentary from Art Tribute for quality testing purposes. When I accept review opportunities the product must provide a practical use for my family. I don't guarantee favorable reviews, all opinions expressed are my own and based on my firsthand experience with the product. All of my reviews are written based on how I would feel as a purchaser of the product and what I would want to know before I made my purchase. I hope you enjoyed this review. If you have any questions about my experience please leave me a comment. I will be happy to follow-up on my experience with this product.
0,I bought the red one.  My plan was to use it for a Luis Feu de Mesquita (LFDM)  tenor that I was waiting for.  Unfortunately it was too small.  The size is smaller than the fiberglass Crossrock case that I have.  The fiberglass comes with an insert to make smaller tenors fit smugly.  This one does not.		I ended up putting the LFDM in the fiberglass case and another tenor in the ABS molded case.  I like having the option to put some ukes in cases other than the standard black case.  This case seems fairly strong but the hardware is cheaper than it should be at this price point.  The fiberglass model, which is $100 more expensive, is definitively a higher quality case all around. The cheaper hardware is a bit of a pain because the closing mechanism is imprecise.		This case will fit a Pono or almost any standard Hawaiian tenor but it will not fit any non-standard or large bodied tenor.  Ponos run a bit large so it has a bit of room, but if your tenor is a larger size, the fiberglass model will fit but not this one.
0,just to be able to muffle the sound around you. great for the plane, concerts, anywhere you want less sound. good fit too.
0,Great.
0,fits perfectly....neck strap locks it tight....only neg, when opening i have to tuck a bulge in the back to have it stay open.
0,A great guitar tuner by Snark.  Not as nice of an interface as their other tuners, but still quick and accurate.
0,I really like the tri-shaped Planet Waves picks.  Good for strumming or single note playing.
0,The perl inserts are of varying shades but other than that they sound great and worked like a charm!
0,got my satisfaction and more
0,Just what I needed to tune my guitar. Nice to keep it in tune at all times.
0,First impression coming after heavier strings was a much lighter tone, but the improved playing experience far outweighs any other concern
0,I love all Mighty Bright lights, but this one is particularly useful.  It spreads light over a larger area, and has two brightness settings.  I bought an extra to use by my bed.
0,Killer monitors that will help you get more out of your music mixing projects & recordings.		These wonderful powered speakers would also be great used for a television, home stereo, remote amplification of stereo gear, MP3 players, computer speakers, etc.		Loud, clear and punchy.	Crank 'em up and they take it well.	Nice low end, no mud...kickin' drums & bass.	Hi frequency volume adjustment.	XLR, 1/4" and RCA Balanced inputs.	Regular computer-type A/C grounded power cable used to plug into wall power.		I like the look of these monitors with the freaky yellow speakers!	The cabinet edges are rounded and designed to throw off the bass in a more natural and pleasing waveform than normal hard straight-edged corners.	The bottom front has a long slot to allow for porting more bass frequencies.		At first I was thinking that I may have to spring extra money for a sub-woofer, but these speakers provide plenty of low-end punch and kick. I like it very "bassy" loud and punchy clear...no problem here at all!		These monsters are very heavy and have a deep (front to back) cabinet size.	I wish I would have gotten these many years ago. They could have saved me from my own mixing problems...oh so many songs ago!		Buy them. You will like them. If not, return them. No-brainer.
0,Feels resistant but mine came a little bent
0,I attached this to an On Stage KSA7575 Universal Keyboard Stand Microphone Attachment Bar that was connected to the top tier of my On Stage Stands Deluxe 2 Tier Keyboard stand. Then I put a On Stage Shure Style microphone clip onto this telescoping mini boom. And then of course a microphone on the clip. I used a 3 foot microphone cable and the setup is perfect. The telescoping aspect of this mini boom is very useful and convenient to change positions. Highly recommended!
0,I should always buy used....the Boss ML-2 arrived on time and was in almost brand new condition....why pay new prices when you can save money buying used....besides that this is my 10th effect pedal from "BOSS"....great stuff....great sound, what more can you ask for. The Boss ML-2 is a great pedal to get that heavy metal guitar sound I love so much.	This pedal rocks....I have the MT-2 as well and I needed both....the MT-2 is a little more old school metal, while the ML-2 has a more modern death metal sound to it. If your a heavy metal guitar player without a high gain amp then you need to get one of these. Nothing like some killer crunch to make your electric guitar come alive and roar like a lion! I like it!
0,Love these strings, love this price
0,Nice capo strong and easy to use
0,For me, this is simply the best string gauge out there, and D'Addarios always feel so much smoother than the competition.
0,nice clean phase shifter. very nice! used for 2 gigs already, and it seems to	capture the David Gilmour rhythm tone very nicely! thanks!!!
0,Man, what a little piece of equipment! Handy, quick and accurate! What else can you ask for.
0,I got these for my EVH Striped Strat, and they worked beautifully. But in the end, I had to go for authenticity, and as you can see in the picture, these got removed:
0,Does what it's supposed to. No complaints.
0,My local music store sells pop filters for like $30 and that's for the generic brand ones, This is a great deal and they ship out fast, it got here the same day as my mic stand and I couldn't have been more excited snag this thing!
0,Good item build quality, size and functonality
0,I've played these for years.  They have a bright sound, and are relatively predictable.  I wish that there was even more quality control for the balancing of the reeds, before the plastic coating is applied.  Obviously, you can't shave or manipulate the reed once the plastic coating is applied.  But, not having to wet them ahead of time is a big plus for me.  They last a long time, and the hardness is very consistent.
0,Initially I thought this guitar was somewhat quiet until I played it a second time.  It has a rich, warm sound that doesn't have that jingly-bag-of-coins	sound every time you hit a D chord (aka high strings area).  The neck has quick action & feels similar to an Electric Guitar. Is nice to be able to add effects now to a real acoustic and amplify my sound, which you can easily notice even 5 feet from your amp.		The nicest feature I enjoy of this guitar is the tuner.  It's as easy as turning on, checking whether your string is too high or low, then pushing the button again to turn it off.  The battery will last forever also b/c that's the only time it's used. The 3 different tone settings don't use battery power & can help you with any feedback from your amp, while modifying your tone.		My biggest relief is that this guitar still has a decently loud sound despite it's cut-out near the neck & that the high string action doesn't sound changy.	A non-electric version of this guitar (EJ-200) has no cut out and plays louder, but this one still compares since the sound is only slightly lower and you get a tuner/tone controls & can plug it into an amp.		Pay attention to the bridge too. If you're looking for that EJ-200 and see that the bridge doesn't have the mustache design, it's not the same or as good.  This guitar's mustache bridge with faux-bone inlays & pop-out string pegs add to this guitar's authenticity to it's sister Gibson J-200 guitar.  It's a pain in the wallet to knock out $400 for this, but I'll do it for the guitar I want that will be with me for life.  It was also shipped securely and the guitar was tied down nicely.  Save the Epiphone box if you don't have a jumbo case & rest assured that your guitar will get to you safely.	Buy this guitar!
0,Perfect case for the PRIVIA
0,Works as advertised.
0,GOOD
0,STURDY !!!  Also, i HATE "X" stands, no foot/knee room (Tier stands are over priced and A Frames too bulky), this unit solves that.  Love it !  Good price too....
0,I installed this on my brother's J. Mascis JM. I won't show up as a verified purchase because he purchased it, not me. I wanted to provide feedback however so here's my review.		Overall the pickguard fit pretty well without the need to re-drill any holes. the 3 holes near the output jack were not perfectly centered yet the screws went in straight! It was a little snug in the space between the neck heel and the neck pickup but didn't warp or bend or anything, YMMV.		There were a few minor issues, but no deal breakers, not for less than $20. For that reason, it gets 5 stars.		1. There was actually 2 protective layers on the pickguard. Once the first one was removed, several "bubbles" appeared. I have seen this issue with budget pickguards before and always thought they were defects in the materials. My brother inspected closer and found a SECOND removable layer of protective plastic and once he removed it....one glorious tortoise pickguard emerged! I personally think there is supposed to be 1 layer yet somehow it separated from the manufacturing process. Keep this in mind if you see bubbles or a dull finish after you removed what you thought to be the main protective layer!		2. The only foil shielding is around the volume, tone, and output jack area. This led to loud audible buzzing when touching the volume and tone wheels for the rhythm circuit since all the metal isn't properly grounded. Since my brother never used this circuit (like many but no me I love it), I simply disconnected this circuit and now everything is quiet. I'd gladly pay a few dollars for a fully shielded pickguard! Buyer beware, if you want your rhythm tone and volume wheels quiet, you're going to need to put a piece of foil under the bracket and ground it OR solder a wire to the metal bracket and run that to ground.		Overall, an amazing tortoise pickguard for $16 that drops right onto a J. Mascis JM. That stock gold anodized guard is ugly, this guitar needs tortoise!
0,I host an Open Mic and use this for live performances.  It does what i need it to do.  Best bang for the buck.  I bought this one after trying out a single.
0,I can't say enough good things about this drum set. I was tossing around the idea of getting my first kit for over 6 months, reading reviews and trying to find a kit that if I hated playing I wouldn't be bummed about spending so much and if I loved playing I wouldn't be bummed about the low quality.		This kit just works on all fronts.		It has 15 preset drum sets and over 20 different tunes to play along to (it also gives you the ability to turn off the drums on those tracks so you're not just trying the drum track).		It has a line in for music from your phone or mp3 player. It has a line out for going to an amplifier if you want to make some noise and it also has a line out for headphones if you need to keep quiet late at night.		I use this kit in my apartment, so I was concerned with my neighbors being able to hear me beating on the pads. I got them to help me check if they could here me beating on it through the walls and they confirmed that they couldn't hear a thing.		Kit setup was quick and it adjusts just as quickly.		Everything on this guy works perfectly. Best $350 I've spend lately.
0,There are better cables out there, but this is a good one....for.the type.it is
0,Actually had two mounting methods: shown and if you use grooved boards, like in music stores.  This 4 screw back would slide into the extra plate, nothing to adjust, then slip in the grooved boards.  All and all, a good product.
0,Great little keyboard.  It does everything I need it to do.  It would have been nice to get a power supply with it, but I can't complain.
0,Are there higher quality products out there? Of course, don't be silly! This is my second Planet Waves "woven" style strap. I use them in conjunction with the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Jim-Dunlop-SLS1501N-Straplok-System-Nickel/dp/B000EEJAWQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Jim Dunlop SLS1501N Straplok System-Nickel</a>&nbsp;and haven't ever had trouble with fraying or braking of the strap connectors. I frequently swap them between my two bass guitars, electric 6-string, and acoustic.		Although I've not had much issue with these, you may want to be cautious of the patterns getting snagged or dirty. I could certainly see that happening in the right environment. Otherwise, it's a nice design and quite comfortable with minimal fatigue on my neck or shoulders.
0,Very handy and surprisingly clear. A Must if Ya do some Busking on the Street.
0,Great cable, awesome quality. Adds a nice vintage look at a good price.
0,This Guitar has great sound and very light. very good guitar for beginners
0,Great stuff! Sturdy construction.
0,I was extremely skeptical when reading the description and reviews for these picks. I know that the density of a pick will have an impact on tone, but was very surprised when I opened these and was able to experience the difference in sound. They really open up the tone of my acoustic. I don't feel there is much of a difference in sound when I use them with my electric, but they are worth checking out.
0,very well made cables.. didn't feel cheap at all.. for $5 a pop you won't be disappointed.. remember one of the audio myths about cables/wire.. they are just that cables/wire.. no price point will make a difference to the human ears.. just make sure you get the right one..
0,on track
0,Perfect for my wife's guitar and she love it of great quality
0,This amp is great. The only thing that could make this amp better would be if they could somehow have made it tube driven while retaining the full low-level sound. I have a Marshall tube half stack and I find myself playing the microcube much more often. Not only do I keep my hearing, but I also get more versatility. Currently the micrcube is the only amp I play in my dorm room. This amp is perfect for beginners and just as perfect for the more experienced guitar player wanting to have some quite practice time. Great amp!
0,Sounds good
0,I bought it to store away an old guitar, it does the job.
0,works great
0,The Zoom H1 is the real deal. Ever since purchasing this thing I have used it to do voice overs and record live band sessions. Due to the dual mics the sound is wide and full. The device interface allows you to set the recording levels so you will be sure not to clip! The build seems a bit light and cheap but do not let that fool you, the Zoom H1 is capable of capturing high quality audio for your projects!		Pros-	Lightweight	High quality dual mics	Easy intuitive interface	Micro SD slot is highly accessable	Not too big		Cons-	Cheap feel to it	SD slot is flimsy may break		Conclusion-	For the money, this thing is a killer investment. I am extremely happy with my decision and will be using Zoom H1 well into the future!
0,This key helps to press keys mas rapidly of the common thing
0,At first, I'd thought this was not that good, but it's actually pretty good for the price. Wow, I see that today, this pedal is less than $20 ($15 + $5 shipping). That's actually a good price for this. It might be tough to do better for a $20 bill. On the other hand, if you have $30 or $40, there are better overdrive pedals available. YMMV
0,love the tone of these stringsthey never let me down
0,Wonderful
0,I use this to power an Amptweaker Tight Metal Pro (running on 18 volts), 5 vintage Yamaha pedals (9 volt), a Decimator II and a Crybaby from Hell pedal (also 9 volts) and all my pedals work great with this powersupply. I was worried it might introduce some noise to my chain but i'm very pleased to see how quiet all pedals work except for one. It introduces a very subtle little high pitch tone to my chorus pedal that causes a very subtle sweeping wave sound when my instrument is silent or when playing with a clean sound. But the Decimator kills most of it and the remaining noise doesn't annoy me enough to return it and spend at least double the money on an isolated power source. It's perfect for every day use and you can save yourself a lot of money. But it's probably not as good for studio use when you need an absolute quiet power source. I take one star off because of the little noise it introduces to my chorus pedal and the 'false advertising' stating that it has isolated outputs. But otherwise it's a great product and I love the way it's built plus the blue lights are great too to light up the floor or some of my pedals. I do recommend this product for musicians on a tight budget.
0,These look and sound great.  The fit is good too.  The crappie looking tool it comes with is actually pretty sturdy.  You just need the hands of an elf to use the little thing.
0,Sounds amazing!
0,If you fingerpick you should love these strings.	I've been using them for years and can say that they stay crisp and clear longer than others I've tried.	Recommended highly!	For me, having a wound "G" string makes all the difference in the world if you like to bend strings.	You can hear an example of their sound on my Les Paul Custom "Tears At Midnight". Youtube.	theodas
0,I am a novice but this works great when I am in need for it... I do not know the longevity of the spring but for now it is great and I would buy again without question...
0,Decent cable
0,Works great!!!
0,I flatpick all the time and find these picks the best 4 me
0,Top quality mic lines at an incredible price, can't really ask for more.
0,Just starting and learning how to play and this harp sounds great and I'm just a beginner. so when I learn it sound even better
0,Nice heavy duty gig bag with cushioned interior.  Nice heavy duty zippers.  Would be nice if it had a shoulder strap.
0,I buy the things I review, I never trade positive reviews for free stuff.		This is an amazing microphone for an equally amazing price. I've been a fan of Audio Technica microphones since the mid 1970's. Their products are not following fads, they are innovative and quality for reasonable prices.		In my studio I have many microphones that sell for over $1200, I've owned several U-87 and I've built some of my own large diaphragm microphones so I'm familiar with the beasts with over 50 years of recording and pro sound experience under my belt.		This Audio Technica model has the largest diaphragm of the whole AT line regardless of price. Diaphragm size wise you can't really compare it to the top two most expensive AT models since those use completely different diaphragm construction. Of the microphones that AT offers with traditional LDC construction this one has the largest of them all yet it's one of their lowest price models.		I have an AT 4047 which cost about four times as much as this AT2035 and while the more expensive model does have a slightly different sound I can't say it's really better. I've recorded the same vocal using both and often I prefer the AT2035 because it has a bit smoother response, a little less bright above 5K.		The AT2035 is really a very balanced and excellent sounding microphone, I will probably buy another one so I have a stereo pair.		Interested in how the size of the diaphragms stack up?	AT2020 = .63"	AT2035 = .96"	AT2050 = .80"	AT4033 = .45"	AT4040 = .80"	AT4047 = .84"	AT4050 = .84"		So there you go, the AT2035 wins the size competition and it's an excellent sounding microphone for a seriously bargain price. This microphone compares very favorably with my vintage AKG 414B-ULS microphones, very smooth frequency response.		The shock mount that comes with the AT2035 is very tight, makes it a little difficult to get the mic in and out, this mic slips right into the shock mount that came with my AT4047 so it's easy to switch back and forth between the two for different vocal tracks.		As a side note, the AT2020 is another incredible deal, it's very low priced compared to other professional microphones but it does not disappoint in sound quality. I have several of those which I use for mic'ing up my 4x12 Marshall cabinets, l love the clear and even sound these microphones have.		I own several MXL LDC microphones which always need work to sound great, I've replaced the diaphragms in five MXL 2001 and use these on drum toms. I wish I'd known how good these low priced AT microphones sounded before going down that path, the AT2035 makes an excellent tom tom microphone too and it's all done, you don't need to spend an afternoon disassembling mic's and soldering fragile expensive components. The diaphragms I installed in my MXL mic's cost as much as a done AT2035, save yourself the work and get the AT.		Highly recommended!		Good music to all!
0,I purchased this product over a year ago and have been very pleased with it thus far. The unit has more than enough connections and various types of connections.it produce great sound with excellent flexibility for adjusting the highs,mids.lows and special effects. Very good	state of the art preamps and compression works well also. Just to many features to list or we would be here all day. I highly recommend this	product,just try one and you won't be disappointed. Once again,4 instead of 5 stars as almost all products have room for some improvements.
0,Once I became accustomed to the little teeny spacing, I decided that this was the coolest thing I've bought all week. The notes are clear (and piercing!), and the tone is very nice. I especially like the lower register ("low" being a relative term!).  Buy with confidence and have fun. Shipping was very quick.
0,Buying in bulk is way cheaper than buying individually, saves more money that way!
0,Good
0,freaking great!!! take your turbo tuners to brunch 'cause me and my monoprice got some rocking to do
0,I assembled several pedal boards recently and these pedal to pedal connectors worked great. They reduce the clutter and unreliability of cables...They are packaged in a cool metal box, a surprise. Bottom line, they look great, work great...
0,I didn't think it was possible. but this amp really has a lot of power. Not 3000 watts @ 4 ohm. Thats peak output. I would estimate 1500w rms. @ 4 ohms x 2. 750w @ 8 ohms x 2. I use it to power my 1000 watt  yorkville 4 ohm subs .Im using it at about 75% power and theres no venue we play that it cant blow your hats off. Just be careful and be sure to turn the volume all the way down before killing the power. This is a lot of power for under $400. I doubt if any of you will ever truly use 750 to 1500 watts of power. You may think you are but you're probably not. Unless you are trying to start a major sound production company. So there it is!!! This not a bought review. It is my honest opinion. This is just a fellow musician letting you know that this amp runs cool, has plenty of power, it is light weight, its affordable and it can push whatever speaker you throw at it. Please be careful and start it out about 10% and work your way up. I wish I had someone to tell me the straight truth when I read reviews..
0,Ive been using various string gauges from DAddario since the early 1970s...if it aint broke you don't need to fix it...I use DAddario strings on all 8 of my guitars...
0,So many colors! These cords are great.
0,It has a 1950's slap back echo Its good for the price No putting It down for Sounding bad as with most Danelecto products and probably higher price and lower price products used the same circuits. If You want something that Is just reverb without all the slap back then Behringer DR600 which I use for Vocal for Guitar I use RV600 which has space verb and ducking also called shimmer.
0,I love this guitar string winder.  The cutter was a real plus so I didn't have to track down my diagonal cutters.
0,Great cable, good snug fit!!!!!  Will buy more
0,great product, just what I was looking for
0,The keys on this board are responsive and not too heavy. The keys feel fine, but the pitch-bend and mod wheel are terrible.
0,It's a DI box. You can't really mess those up too badly. This one is not messed up. Good, inexpensive and dual in and out. Works fine for my one guitar and one mic setup.
0,works great
0,Good solid feel. Price was right and serves the purpose.
0,This is very similar in all respects to others I have seen advertised for twice the price. I'm having a bit of trouble actually getting the "snare" strings to adjust to where they actually change the tone any but that could just be me. It is a simple product and works as it should. Plenty sturdy for me to sit on while playing and I weigh about 185 pounds. I would recommend this product to others. I got free shipping which took awhile longer to receive but I really didn't mind that since I saved about $14.00 in shipping charges.
0,-  This tuner is affordable and it works well. I have purchased six so far. They are sturdy. They have all come with a battery in the box you have to install yourself.	-  I actually sat on one and thought I broke it, turned out the main tuner head pops right back on to the goose neck. The LED is bright in low light but does not display well in bright daylight. If the display starts to dim in the dark you need a new battery. The fairly large disk style battery cost me $9.80 for a two/pack at  Walgreens.	-  We had a Birthday Jam at a friends house. I used this tuner for my guitar and ending up passing it around all night between three bass players and four guitarists. At the end of the night I gave it to the birthday boy as he had admired it all night.	-  I gave one to my grand-nephews. I keep one on each my favorite acoustic and electric guitars. They stay on in their cases. I like the goose neck style but I have not tried the other no-neck swivel ones. I also have one for my Bass. It's a great musician's party favor.	-  I always had trouble reading my old analog tuners in low light so I really like these tuners. Don't forget - Practice, Practice, Practice.
0,Great price, Very sturdy construction. I was leary at first because the one that came with my daughters set was so small it hurt her butt  to sit on it for any period of time. Base and legs are heavy duty double brace legs. Great thrown for the price.
0,Bright nice string.
0,Nice stand
0,The capo looks nice and works without any problem.  You can tell it is a cheaper model because the action is stiff.  But the build is solid, and it looks like it will last for a long time.
0,Outstanding well made and easy to use
0,Never found a string that compares.  I don't change my strings every week or every month for that matter.  Always regret purchasing other strings since.  Simply the best for me.  Great sound for long time.  Still play great when they are all beat up and old.  Never had a bad string.  Can't say the same for the EB's I just bought in a pinch a while back.  Guitar player, ex string maker, ex other String brand trier-outer.		Update: Last set had a bad string.  A very bad string.  It was dead and dull and differed in colour than the other wound strings.  I'm dropping a star.  A visual inspection would of caught this easily.
0,For the longest time we owned speaker stands but never bright them to gigs, because there was no good way to carry them. Finally one of the guys in the band said, "You know they make bags to carry the speaker stands in, right?" So I looked them up, found this one, read the reviews, and bought it.		In short, this is a great, heavy-duty bag. It carries both speaker stands, and two mic stands, too!		The zipper is heavy-duty, and the handles are attached by straps that wrap all the way around the bag, a nice feature that reinforces their strength and adds to the structural integrity of the design.		There's even a padded liner the runs down the middle of the bag to separate the two stands from one another!
0,It feels very comfortable and secure. The tone seems to hold it's shape on all frets. Unless I use it for some time, I could not justly give it 5 stars at this time, not being certain how the spring is going to hold up. That would be my only concern. In 50 years I've used them all, so this is a very high compliment.
0,I bought this for my Alesis jam dock works great.	some of my friends have drilled holes in this product to mount other thins to drum cages	Just a good product
0,rad!
0,I was a little nervous buying the power supply, but because I bought their pedal cables I figured I"d try the power supplies. I have 3 and they've never failed. Do the job great. They're inexpensive and do exactly what they say. I wouldn't hesitate to buy 3 more if I had to. The reason why I like this particular one is I use them one my smaller boards that don't need many pedals powered. For example, my smaller bass pedal board, my smaller acoustic board. OR if you randomly added a few more pedals off to the side of your normal board and don't want all the extra chain connectors hanging off if you have a bigger chain, this will solve that problem.
0,Only disappointment was how difficult it would be to master. Half a lifetime at least.
0,The reputation of Martin speaks for itself. Best quality on earth.
0,I only play Gibson guitars and this little beaut is perfect for the price and the Gibson quality
0,Great heads for a good price.
0,My son finds that this holder comes in handy when storing his picks. He says it's easy to use and finds no difficulty removing his picks from the holder. Highly recommend!
0,It's just fine.
0,One of the best gig bags I have used as a working musician. For me it is a good balance between portability and convenience on one hand and protection on the other. No gig bag will save your guitar if you do something stupid (leave it on the roof of your car and drive down the freeway). If you take reasonable care, this bag is perfect for gigging.
0,We needed a small portable amp for an event and the Blackstar Fly 3 definitely fit the bill.  We're novices at these things but the amp sounds great with one unit and is definitely louder with the second speaker attached.
0,I am fairly new to the drum world and needed new drum heads for my used acoustic set that I got in late February. I chose to go with this one as it matched with the other heads that I purchased. I was blown away when I got this. It is double layered with oil in between and it sounds fantastic. It definitely has that "pop" that I have been looking for. I would definitely get this again.
0,as described, very consistent
0,For the price Korg Volcas are pretty good. I had four of these chained together (keys, kick, beats, sample). The keys have a good mellow sound to them. Its limited, but for $160 you can make some good sounds from it and travel with it. And its polyphonic. Good for beginners. Never got the feeling this was really a toy. For the price of a few of these, though, you could pick up a minilogue or a JD-XI. Budget wisely.
0,Does exactly what is should do. I went from daisy chaining my board to using this (a proper power supply) and it has effectually taken all the buzz and interference from my rig. Even with using powerful pedals from earthquaker devices.
0,Glass is so....smooth
0,Very good quality for the money.
0,fine little switch, came with batteries inside...compact size...I use it to send my upright preamp and horizontal bass signals to my amplifier...set the two volumes similar and no fiddling between songs
0,Great sound and feel on my acoustic, at least when first installed.  They do seem to "dull" faster than Ernie Ball strings, hence the 4-star rating.  The price is right though for this pack of 3.
0,I decided to do a bit of an "upgrade" on a poor neglected Yamaha guitar I had that was a gift from a non-guitar playing friend (which is why you shouldn't give instruments as gifts to people if you don't know much about instruments or the preferences of the musician to whom you wish to gift the instrument--but I digress).  Putting a better grade of strings did improve the sound, especially after I managed to fix the loose tuners that caused the strings to constantly slip out of tune. I also managed to lower the action and do some basic tweaks and cosmetic makeovers ( a bright blue pickguard), and now I am playing the guitar whenever my arthritis and my neighbors will tolerate it.		D'Addario is a good standard brand of guitar strings, and they make various strings for both steel-stringed acoustic guitars and nylon-stringed acoustic (classical) guitars.  String choice and response is very subjective, so you might need to try various kinds of strings before you find the strings that make your particular guitar sound the best to you.  HOWEVER, make SURE you only put steel strings (and despite the name, "Phosphor Bronze" is considered a type of steel string) on a steel string guitar, and nylon strings on a nylon stringed guitar.  While no real harm will come to your guitar if you put nylon strings on a steel stringed acoustic, they may not tune properly because of the difference in tension. No matter how "light" steel strings are, they are too much for a nylon stringed guitar that typically will not have a reinforced neck and the added tension will damage the neck of the guitar--even bending or snapping it. Don't do it.
0,I bought this set, size 11-52, for a cheap dreadnaught that I purchased from Austin Bizaar (the original factory strings were oxidized & sounded bad, so I swapped them out for these new Dean Markley Blue Steel strings).  Side note:  I also did this a couple of years ago for my niece's guitar; which made it sound great.  Thus my decision to try them again on my guitar....glad I did.  These strings sound fantasic; more of a bright sound than warm.  They seem to provide longer sustain vs. D'Addarrio (which I ususally prefer).  It has been about 3 weeks now since installing them & these strings are holding good tune, no wear or oxidization.  Not quite as warm like a folk string, or loud like some phosphor bronze strings...but they sound & feel great just the same.
0,Good product. Very good delivery. Overall very happy with it.
0,Excellent!
0,It works well after I made some modifications to it.  The taper, as it comes from the factory, makes smooth volume swells difficult.  After some web searching, I discovered that 'trimming' the internal LED baffle can improve it's functionality; which I did and now agree.  So be prepared to do some 'cutting'.  It's built like a tank and weighs like it, too. I wish it was a bit 'trimmer' as it takes up a lot of real estate on my pedal board.
0,I think this strap is awesome	Shipped fast	Nice quality
0,works great! fender quality!
0,Works just like it's suppose to Mine will hold Clarinet ,Tenor Sax Alto Sax, And Soprano Sax.
0,great strings for the acoustic.
0,I just received it so I can not speak about it's durability, but it appears to be well made. It is a full size mic stand and seems very sturdy. Plenty tall enough for someone over 6'.
0,Exactly what I was looking for: a basic nice leather strap with a good price. The color matches the picture on the site and the leather is nice... recommended.
0,gift
0,Good product. Will buy again.
0,Lightweight, and lights up the whole stand, without glaring out to the audience.
0,Good enough at a good price. It seems well made. The pockets are handy. It could be better padded.
0,The best kit
0,Was thinner than what I expected.. The tuners seem to be well made.  As soon as I install it I will revisit.
0,If you have a long neck and require an extra high/tall shoulder rest, this one is it in my view!		PRO's:	* more affordable than the "Bon Music a" rest ($18 vs. $49)	* parts appear almost identical in quality	* Feet are even TALLER (since the legs on my Bon Music are different in length, with the shorter leg being shorter than the legs on this "Bon Style Violin Shoulder rest)	* width is shorter than that of the "Bon Music a" when set at same screw positions.  (For me, this worked well, since the Bon Musica was too loose and tended to slide/slip off my electric violin when I hung it from my String Swing!)		Con's:	* feet are wider than on the "Bon Musica," which made it not fit my electric violin that has a cutout.  (*But overcame this wrench in plans when I discovered I just needed to swap one of the legs from the "Bon Musica" and put it near the edge with the cut-out.  I would post photos but I'm not sure how to do this, as I don't see an option for this...)		Hope this helps!	Recap:	I find both the original "Bon Musica" and this "Bon Style" shoulder rests to serve my ergonomic positioning needs equally well, just in different ways!  Thank you to both companies (and of course to awesome opossum Amazon)!
0,Very surprised,  excellent overdrive pedal. It sounds as good as a $180.00 pedal I bought. Very impressed.
0,Not much you can say about these, they're knobs! They fit perfectly and are of high quality finish. They finish off my bass nicely as I like to have the numerals there for reference.
0,I keep coming back to the basic and that's where I stay.  Liked these since M started selling them over a decade ago.
0,Great price for a 3 sets pack. World wide used and recognised brand. Buy it and play hard.	I do recomend.
0,love the tone of these stringsthey never let me down
0,good set of strings
0,Nice starter set for my granddaughter.
0,Supposed to add sustain, probably does. I added a bone nut at the same time because I was going for a bit of brightness and twang.	Every bit helps. I changed the pickups after this to get the sound I wanted from this guitar.  Every little thing adds up.
0,Great connectors and the small offset allows you go match up a little better the ins and outs that are not lined up.
0,I've had these on my Yamaha APX500 for a while now and they sound really good.  A tad brighter than I like, but that's just the nature of the lightness of the strings.  It's real smooth when playing and they seem to be lasting longer than most strings I try.  In fact, I've had these strings on for over 4 months now and they still feel and sound good.
0,I'd always used Clayton's 1mm white picks -- shape and size perfect for me.  These might well be the same material with black coloration, but seem to me to have a bit more texture and 'traction' feel overall.		Bottom line, I bought another dozen to pass around to my guitar playing friends.  These are perfect for me -- and for those of you who prefer either heavier or lighter feel -- check out Clayton's range of thicknesses.  Looks to me like they've got it coverered -- and with a great product.  Thanks from an advocate.
0,If you play clarinet and, are looking for a great reed  that will respond in all registers, you have to try these reeds
0,OK, banjo player, this is the real McCoy.  It is strictly for a banjo only.  When I got it my banjo was close to tuned, but after using it my banjo sounded so much better due to the precision  It comes with an adjustable Metronome mode which is nice.  No sound, but blinks.  It is very small and indiscreet, so it can be left on the banjo and not noticed by the public.  You can adjust calibration if you want from 410 to 480hz.
0,another pack of strings - no issues
0,Good product for a solid dampening
0,...If you're looking for a solid, convenient, attractive and relatively compact replacement tom holder. Unlike it's Gibralter brother (the unit with the matte black finish, one drum screw and one wing nut) this one holds like a rock, is very easy to tighten/loosen, fits just about any suspension mount (or shell, of course, is relatively compact (enough so to fit in most soft cases)looks very attractive and has a very effective memory lock. I like the fact that the memory lock creates a fairly wide groove when the mount is still loose, so it's easy to guide the tom in. Once you tighten the wing nut, the drum locks exactly in the position you've chosen. Only medium finger pressure is required to lock the tom down and then the mount will not budge until that same medium pressure loosens the nut. Have on all my DW toms now. Get em!
0,<div id="video-block-R3KWY64QB63RTU" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D1FTNe%2BD5IS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81LVNSpmXBS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">Several harmonicas (and not just Hohners) will fit in this case. Currently, I have a Bushman Delta Frost, Hohner Marine Band, Fender Blues DeVille, and a Seydel Blues Session Standard. All of these fit.  Also, the price, currently $5.96 per case and free shipping, is excellent.		I am very glad I can get these cases at this price, especially considering Bushman harmonicas do not come with anything to hold them, and Seydel Blues Session models are shipped with a little leather pouch instead of a case. Also, most of the Fender Blues DeVille harmonicas I've owned in the past have been shipped with defective cases. It is great to be able to buy Hohner cases for these harps. I have a plastic case for my Marine Band Harmonica. It is fine, but these zipper cases fit better in my pocket. I have four of these cases.		I have a suggestion for use.. After playing your harmonica, tap it out well, use a good cleaning cloth (some harps are shipped with cloths) to wipe it off, then let it air dry some before putting it into this case. Unlike some plastic cases that are shipped with harmonicas, this zipper case is not vented. I've read that the material the case is made of absorbs some moisture, but since the case is not vented, I try to make sure my harmonicas are dry before putting them in the cases.
0,The only con about this spray, though, is that it doesn't clean the stick marks off of the cymbal. If it does then it doesn't do it very well. I can see this working very well with old, grimy cymbals. It's always good to have cymbal cleaner on hand.
0,Yes
0,I have these on my Jazz Bass, my guitar player has another brand. We were playing a HUGE downtown street gig in Altanta and were throwing T shirts to the crowd. Bending down, picking them up, then throwing. My guitar player had a different lock system, and his $1000 Les Paul fell to the stage, completely knocking it out of tune. Mine stayed locked perfectly...
0,After some practice this is a must have pick
0,The Planet Waves capo is much more than just another "New Style capo on the market.  It takes that at least one step farther.  The key is the ability to adjust the capo tension quickly as you change from one guitar to the next.  It also helps as you move up and down the neck on a single guitar allowing you to eliminate the "fret twang" by customizing the tension quickly and easily.  A must for any guitar player.
0,Docking one star because it's not easier to load samples onto it. I don't know why they don't use wav files on an SD card or something. Otherwise it's pretty great and a lot of fun.
0,Nice, light, adjustable.
0,Works Great Easy To use
0,I hated the way my floor toms sounded. Several head changes later I had just about given up hope for my floor toms. After some research, I discovered the RIMS system, but I didn't have enough money to make that happen. I found these instead, and I'm glad I did. Now my floor toms resonate way more than they did before. I can hear the full sound spectrum they're putting out.		Make sure these fit your floor tom legs first, but then get them!
0,Like the easy access front panel controls for quick mid song tweaks. the sounds are fine for me.
0,I never used this so I can't say if it works or not. I have since given it away.
0,A lot of banjo bridges bow after awhile espicially if the drum head is a little lose. This bridge seems to cured that problem so far ,and the sound carrige is great.
0,nice and discrete! great product
0,Perfect - hosting an old Guild or Peavey T-60
0,great pedal case , lots of room
0,I'm normally an acoustic guitar player but recently acquired my first electric ever.  It was used, and the strings were dismal sounding, so I bought these D'Addario EXLs.  They hold pitch beautifully.  My only complaint has to do with my guitar technique, not the strings.  Having used heavier strings forever on my acoustic guitars, the recommended lighter gauge recommended for the electric don't like my "heavy-handed" approach to pressing down the strings.  As a result, the highly bendable lighter strings become sharp up near the nut until I relax and enjoy playing with a very light touch.  It will take some getting used to -- or else I'll simply move to heavier strings and leave the lighter ones to lead guitarists who know what they are doing.  All of that said, the strings are pure joy to play.
0,as an experienced woodworker I was amazed at the quality.........I tweaked the design some to make it better....but overall I'm very pleased.....I could not build this cajon from scratch for this price
0,2 short cables. not quiet as long as what the ad says, but nothing to take off a star. plenty long for connecting multiple pedals next to each other. all plastic but seems to be fairly heavy duty.
0,I play an old (1971) Gibson SG standard electric guitar. I tried the D'Addario 9.5 super light plus guitar strings about a year ago and am please to say with great results. I play classic Jazz tunes, viz: Misty, Autumn leaves, the girl from Ipanema, etc., etc. and found these strings perform very well. Also good for playing classic rock tunes, Hendrix, Santana, Frampton and may others. The strings give you better bending notes capability since they are a little thinner than 10's but thicker than 9's. However, depending on how often you play determines how long the string holds their clarity. I do play a lot so the strings last me about 2(two) months on average. I would recommend these strings to any devout players.
0,very nice strings
0,Awesome. Awesome. Awesome! Love the tweed but the red interior is just vintage bliss! Love it!!
0,This microphone is a great value, particularly if this is your first microphone.  Considering that a condenser microphone couldn't be had for under $200 just a few years ago, it's remarkable.  Please note that it requires 48 volt phantom power which is standard on almost all mixers, mic pre-amps, and computer audio interfaces with microphone inputs.  It will not work if you use the included XLR to 1/8" mini plug cable which comes with it.  You can't just plug this into a computer or video camera.  Buy a standard XLR to XLR mic cable (about $15 here at Amazon) and plug it in to a mixer, mic-pre, or interface.  The sound quality is fine for beginners and adequate for semi-pro use.  If you're looking for something to plug directly into the computer then buy a USB microphone instead.		It is also a good candidate for modification.  Do a Google search for microphone parts and one of the first results is a company which sells excellent replacement condensers and electronics.  If you have the soldering skills you can turn this into an excellent microphone.
0,Easy assembly and excellent instructions. Quality product. Very pleased with piano and action of keys. Maximum volume seems a little louder than the DX635 I had previously, which is an improvement. Also like the improved layout of the controls. Bench is a nice height for me (I am 5' 5"). I bought the pedal assembly as well and installed it in minutes. Very pleased.
0,My (now Ex) girlfriend is afraid of snakes. This did the trick. Best straps on the planet....
0,I can't rate them for a clasicr guitar but these strings sound great on my Yamaha.
0,Gator stuff is top notch!
0,This is outstanding for a simple tool that does what its suppose to so you don't have to fiddle with the settings on the back each time. . Don't get why people expect more. Took me a little while to figure out dimming is done with % and not -/+. I think it works great & from several feet away.
0,This is just a lump of iron. It is simply a dead weight. It has no other function. And it does that function perfectly. It weighs whatever it weighs.		Please stop pestering me for reviews.
0,I have two guitars and one bass hung by Hercules Hangers. Weight doesn't seem to be an issue for them what so ever. Easy install, great product, not an issue in sight.
0,Fancy
0,Bough this to use with 2 X32 sound boards. It sits perfectly between the two units and adjusts to any height needed.
0,Great acoustic guitar strings at a great price.
0,They are exactly what the description says. They hang out in my rack between preamps and my a/d converter so they really don't have a reason to break anytime soon as they won't be moving.
0,Bought as a boost after my OCD and Big muff.  OCD is my tone.  on all the time. and muff is used as a low end crunch which is pushed by the OCD.  I cracnk in the LPB-1 for solos only....good stuff.
0,Good product I will buy again , good price , fast shipping !!!
0,Great pedal for a signal boost and/or good distortion. I'm using through a Vox Night Train and cranking the gain up gives it a good crunchy distortion (think Angus Young sound) flip the tone switch for a little more of a modern distortion sound. Very pleased with this pedal and it wasn't even the one I wanted to get.
0,Good guitar strings.
0,This pickup is HOT. I mean, its really hot. It sounds great but just remember, they aren't kidding its HOTTT
0,If you need a reverb pedal you need not look any further.  This pedal seems very well made and has the nicest reverb this side of an AC 30.  Terrific value too but keep in mind the Nano is powered by its ac adapter only.
0,I have about $500 worth of pedals on my board. Brands like Way Huge, Electro-Harmonix, Vox,  and Blackstar. But if you asked me which chorus pedal is currently on my board, I'd tell you this one. Great tones, can get soft and lush or deep and creepy. The cost is absolutely awesome, at barely $20 new. The Plastic is actually sturdy. I don't like that the controls are on the side, that makes it annoying to adjust them. Over all, a really great steal
0,good product
0,Now i can see the voltage pluctuation on my setup. Now i need auto voltage regulator to finish my project
0,seems ok
0,This is the right size--it's brighter than the larger crasher. The sound is reportedly similar to those chopper cymbals, but I can hold this in my hand or mount it, but the choppers need to be on a stand. I bought this because I was trying to get this kind of sound out of a tambourine during a rock show where I was playing saxophone and hand percussion, and I smashed the tambourine into bits. So now I've got a good instrument that can make that sound and not die in the process. It's exactly what I wanted. When I was in Urban Jazz Coalition our percussionist Hector had one, so I knew what I was looking for.		I ended up buying this at my local percussion store Columbus Pro Percussion. Amazingly they actually beat Amazon's price on this, but I would have bought it if it were more because they took the time to help me with some good sticks for jazz and consider some different tambourines, then unwrapped this crasher from the package so I could try it out. Great customer service! Sorry Amazon, you know I love you anyway.
0,nice quality, great price.
0,I'm really glad I purchased the "large" wooden block...It's perfect and it will be used every weekend. Fast shipment...great customer service.
0,Very cool little pedal! Doesn't take up too much room and still manages to have a nice large display. Well built too.
0,I won't review the actual picks other than to say these actually are Dunlop Tortex .88 mm and if that's what you like then you'll like these. The selling point is the quantity! Have you ever been playing and suddenly you go to grab your pick and it's nowhere to be found? I'm guessing once or two thousand times. It feels good having a dozen picks everywhere you play. I love it!
0,They are great would buy again.
0,Fits the Dean EAB bass like a glove. Relatively sturdy constructive for a gig bag; does the job it was designed for.
0,solid tuner, no frills, works well.
0,For jazz and authentic blues (especially acoustic) this is all the muffling one needs for live playing. Obviously different attenuation strategies are required for studio recording.		With the exception of my DW Buddy Rich tribute kit (which shipped from DW with these felt strips installed), all or my bass drums are either 20x14 (my preferred size), 20x12 or 18x14. For the 20x14 and 18x14 I can get away with a single strip on the batter side of the drum in most cases. Some rooms demand that a second strip be installed on the resonant side.  In the case of the 20x12 bass drums (one belonging to a 1961 Slingerland Jet kit and the other to a kit I had custom built), I use strips on both sides because those bass drums are too lively. A note can traverse twelve inches pretty quickly and can resonate a little too wildly.  I always use Remo coated Ambassador heads, front and back, on my bass drums so I have an open sound.		These strips are sufficient to tame down any  of my bass drums in just about any live playing situation, and when you use minimal muffling you are rewarded with a richer, more musical low end. More importantly, you can control the sound - to a degree - depending on where you place the strip. If you place it dead center you will get a lot more attenuation, which works well for some problematic rooms. If you move it too the left or right of the center (or top or bottom depending on if you install it vertically or horizontally), the further from the center, the more resonance you will get. Within limits, of course.		Obviously these strips are not for every music style. They would probably suck for rock, for example, but for jazz and blues like what was coming out of Atlantic and Chess Records in the 50s, these are essential for achieving that authentic sound. Check out some of the photos of drummers from that era and will will see these on a lot of kits. That Gibraltar still makes and sells them is proof that they are still a relevant way to muffle for certain styles of music and live playing situations.
0,Great for use with DJ software. Low cost & clean playback. A little noisy on the inputs, but if you need clean audio to a sound mixer. This works great.
0,these feel remarkably close to Daddario strings, with a little more volume. these are nice strings, last a while, and sound good, nice to have around the house, for those string breaks.
0,Great pedal for looping tracks. Gets a lot of use.
0,I use this to mount to hi-hat or cymbal stands, as well as on mic stands. See my customer-supplied photos at the top of the page for examples.		One thing I love about this extension bar is it will fit over the relatively large diameter down tubes on my hi-hat stands. I use an&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/On-Stage-Microphone-13-inch-Gooseneck-Black/dp/B00080LUJW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">On Stage Microphone 13-inch Gooseneck, Black</a>&nbsp;to connect to the bar, then I attach either a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Nady-DM70-Drum-and-Instrument-Microphone/dp/B0002CZQOQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Nady DM70 Drum and Instrument Microphone</a>&nbsp;or DM80 microphone. The bar-gooseneck arrangement is sturdy enough for that mic model.		This also works well for mounting on microphone stands. I use it and a shorter gooseneck to mount the DM70 for tenor and alto saxophones, or a DM80 for baritones. Again, it works perfectly for my situations.		I always keep a few of these, plus various size goosenecks, just in case I need to mount an additional microphone and I am short on stands. It's one more tool to make set up less stressful.
0,The only brand of strings I buy, will buy, and continue to buy. They sound great and last a long time with a similar tone for the life of the string, and the price is excellent for the value!
0,The best tuner around!
0,great sound and construction quality is fantastic. have soprano model already and highly recommend this company for quality and FAST shipping ! great ukulele for the money! lots of fun to play and easy to learn. size would be great to take camping!
0,I own a lot of drum keys, mainly because I am forever losing them. I have a few of these laying around, but only because keys with holes for attaching to key rings and chains are not a feature I use.		These have a nice, slip-proof grip on the ears and the key portion fits the tension rod holes in my shaped wood hoops on a kit I have with those on toms and snare drum. Some of the fancier keys will not fit, so these are perfect for that kit.		If you tune with high tension these keys are probably not your best bet because of the short ears, which do not give sufficient leverage. I tune relatively high using so called 'bop' tuning, and these work well for that. It's the limit of the capability of these keys though.		The main reason I rated them so highly - aside from the reasons cited - is they are fairly inexpensive and you can purchase them in bulk if you are prone to lose keys. My main 'generic' key is the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/CODA-DH-001-Drum-Key/dp/B000F9J5GQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">CODA DH-001 Drum Key</a>, which is even cheaper, but if you need a way to place your key on a string or key chain this model is perfect.
0,I put these on all of my electric guitars, and have yet to have one fail me.
0,This was second time I bought A55M - I had it for years but displaced it. Later I found the old one and they look identical - so yeah - this thing will last. It is not a professional mic cage but I use it with digital Zoom recorders to record rehearsals and it does the job perfectly. It is small so it easily fits in a camera bag I bought to carry my current Zoom H2n around.  I recorded in a crowded coffee shop with just a simple mic boom stand, H2n and A55M and it works fine - no sound from people stomping around.
0,Totally impressed by GLS audio. Great cables all around. They're durable, inexpensive, and I haven't had any problems with them. I own a DJ business and use them with several different systems and configurations... Mics, speakers, and patch cables. Buy them.
0,I replaced my MIM Strat chrome bridge with this one. It fit perfectly and looks great.	the saddles shift a little from side to side, but even the Fender mades do that as well.	I think it's a good product and it's inexpensive.	Get it!
0,It's awesome. I use it everyday to get my click track mixed with the "big mixer" monitor feed in our practice space. I've also used it to feed me my drum sound and mix in audio from my phone to practice along to. I wanted to use it as a "gig monitor mix" but it needs at least one more XLR to really do that job. For now, it's in use regularly and is built like a tank. The channels are clean sounding and the pots are all smooth and scratch free. I expect this mixer will last me a long time.
0,Awesome product!
0,As a sax player I'm quite familiar with soft gig bags, this one measures up just fine! Three different ways to carry the bag (handle/shoulder strap/backpack straps) make it very easy to travel with. I would recomend this bag to anyone.
0,These work with my parlor guitar interestingly. Still somewhat of a boxy attack, but the resonance is very dark and lush when tuned right. I'm recording with these right now and it's coming through with a very unique sound. Not a lot of string noise, and not a lot of harsh overtone, but rather the overtones blend in the bottom end of the spectrum. So not really crisp or bright, and I wouldn't say warm, just sort of stiff in a good way, easily controlled and pretty balanced.
0,great product
0,These fit my Jasmine S34C perfectly. A++++++  Matches the chrome tuning keys nicely.  Noticeable quality - now it sounds like an expensive Martin.  With the same inexpensive strings for comparison.  Can't wait to see how it sounds with the new Gibson strings just received.
0,A good useful addition for my tuner.  Nice long cord as well makes things work well.  May not be the best for all instruments.
0,I have been buying Leavy's guitar straps for 20 years, and only once bought a different brand.... only to instantly realize why I should continue only buying Levy's.	I have about 10... and would love to have 10 more.
0,Top notch stuff!
0,Works as expected
0,Great tuners. Better than the ugly Squier trapezoid tuners I replaced them with. Had to drill out larger holes though, which is easy.
0,Its solid. Has great quality. & doesn't short out on you. I had it for a few months now & not a tear anywhere in site Planet Waves printed on the cord "guaranteed for life" i think they mean it XD
0,Bought this for my bass playing nephew. He says he loves it. Helps to give bass guitar more definition and clarity.
0,If you like to tune your guitar 30 times before you perform then this is ideal. Long battery life, great tuning. If you are playing something that isn't in standard tuning the chromatic tuner works great. Would buy again. It is also really small so it can fit in any gig bag.
0,Everyone has their own preference with guitar strings. But there's a level of quality with these round wounds that feel strong and smooth beneath your fingers. The price is decent and beats that of my local music store. I use them on a Fender Strat and an Epihphone Les Paul Studio. A very comfortable sting to play.
0,These are fantastic, really make a big difference in grip and how long I can play before getting fatigued.  The only downside is that the little ridges have me so spoiled that I never want to use a pick without them again.
0,This is a beast 10" guitar speaker! I had the opportunity to install this speaker in my 20 watt Fender Mustang 1 amp (with 8" to 10" speaker baffle mods) and it took my fun bedroom quite amp into a mind and (ear drum) blowing beast. It is the best Telecaster chickin pickin speaker I have found yet! I mostly play Brad Paisley stuff (Nails it!) with some Slash thrown in. The Fender Mustang I with this speaker is like having Dr. Z Maz 38 amp in your home office under your desk. Cleans are superb all the way up to 10. Chest caving bass, with a slight mid range bump. No flubbiness at all yet still smooth and not stiff. My favorite speaker yet and I have tried nearly all of them from Celestion and most from Eminence. Just know that this is a super LOUD speaker even with a 20 watt modeling amp with volume at 5 will chase you out of your house. Mustang 1 is Definitely gig-able with this speaker for a small hall or church. I ordered a Celestion Gold 10 for a benchmark comparison and will update my review after I get a chance to get the Gold broken in good. Make sure you break in the Ramrod on 8 with heavy bass for about 50 hours before you give it the real sound test. It warms up and bass fills in a lot after about 50 hours of beating. Its a little stiff out of the box but that's expected. Its a keeper! Buy it!
0,Very grippy picks that don't slip. I would recommend It to any player that likes a medium thickness
0,Elixir Strings 16182 Phosphor Bronze with NANOWEB Coating Acoustic Guitar Strings, HD Light Gauge, have a warmer, more balanced sound to them than other brands of Phosphor Bronze strings have ever given me. There is a LOT less squeak from my fingers too...so distracting. The highs have a sparkly shimmer to them and the lows have more punchy warmth to them. I'm impressed with the sound and the feel of the Elixir strings. Having longer lasting strings means more time playing and less time changing strings. Sounds like a winner to me!
0,Great deal and fast shipping
0,beats Steinberger strings ...
0,Christmas present for my daughter! Can't wait to open and listen to her play!
0,Good, heavy, and really big.
0,Does what it needs to do.
0,I had my serious doubts about this product. Watched a few youtube vids, and heard some change, but when I got these on my own drums, and listened, the difference is just not faithfully reproduced by the cameras used on those youtube vids. These rings do to unwanted overtones, and frequencies, what a colored gel does for theatrical lighting. It filters out the unwanted sounds, so that only the true resonant tone of each drum comes through. Even my snare had a toy-ish tone before the rings went on. After putting on the rings, the snare had a definite, authoritative tone.		I currently am using a cheap set of gammon drums for learning on, but these rings take the entry / introductory drums into the lower intermediate sounding category.		Big thanks to Evans for producing such a simplistic solution that actually works! :)
0,awesome
0,Love this little audio recorder! It's quickly become my go to recorder, and I own the Zoom H2 and Zoom H4n as well. Small and lightweight. Works great with a plug in lav mic or ear-hanging mic like the Pyle-Pro. Hours of usage off one AA battery! Highly recommended. I had one on loan for a review on www.youtube.com/artoftheimage but bought one as soon as I had to send the loaner back because I couldn't bear the idea of not having one around. :-)
0,accumulates & stores & sticks to guitar - Great !! Wish I'd have bought 4 !!
0,Arrived on time and as described. Great buy.
0,Great string, stays in tune, been using them for years
0,I ordered this, for my squier deluxe strat. Knowing Stevie Ray Vaughan loved the 13 gauge strings, I decided to try out this brand, Dean Markely strings are amazing. There designed to be tuned down a half step, which is nice. There very vibrant and the tone is awesome. I would definitely buy these over and over again. Great product.
0,strong  instrument cable
0,Good to have to replace missing rivets in your sizzle crash or to ad them to a cymbal to enhance it's projection.
0,This is the best sustain pedal you'll come across/ its fits comfortably under your keyboard. The design and sturdiness of this pedal keeps it from sliding away unlike other pedals. Recommend 100% to everything one. Oh it works on every keyboard.
0,Great product, great service.
0,Wish it had LED lighting, other than that great piece of kit. Voltmeter tends to wander +/- 3V
0,Great set of cables. Colors help to aid in mixing different singers. These have been rock solid since day 1, and this is my second set of cables in 2 years. All still working great.
0,Fun to jam and tap with it. Adds to my one-man-band
0,Installed on an Alvarez acoustic electric. The nut was a perfect fit, and the length and width of the saddle were spot on--I had to shave down the depth by about 1/8" to compensate for the pickup. The resulting sound (same strings of course) is much fuller than the factory plastic.		Just be sure to hang on to the saddle you're replacing to act as a sizing guide. Otherwise you're in for some trial and error to get your strings at the right height.
0,I love this cord. It's a great design and it will not kink. It is different at the plug ends in such a way you'll love this cord. I like the texture of it and I like that has resolved a couple of stage issues for me. Buy it with confidence. No I don't work for them:) But I will buy from them again.
0,And if you got a problem with that assessment, you probably aughtta' find a new hobby, buddy.
0,Add it to my set after a recommendation from MXR and CAE team, next to my Custom Badass 78 Distortion... explosive couple! It's like adding a nice+tight+clean "Orange" type of roar. Specially for my Gibson LP Custom + Fender Hot Rod Deluxe with Formel Electronics Mod. Advise: do not over gain after 12 o'clock with humbuckers, you might experience some noise.
0,I'm building a scratch built Bass Guitar. This is exactly what I needed. Well made. Recommend !
0,The Perfect Product!
0,Bought to play during Sabbath worship service. Some songs just sound better with less of a strong percussion. Sounds great, adjustable, and very sturdy. I would highly recommend this product.
0,i don't know if the difference was $100 worth but I believe there is a difference. i believe. there. is.
0,Nice strings, replaced tired strings of another brand on a Square SS. Took a couple hours of playing to settle in which I understand is normal. They sound as good and better then I was hoping for.  Price was good for a decent set of strings. Will continue to buy this brand from Amazon.
0,It pumps out a little funny. But fills the place with fog! Perfect for mobile Djs... recommended for this price range!
0,This was not a usual purchase for me.  I bought it to hold a Traveler Mark III Escape guitar, and it works great for that.  It's not a top end case, but it's way more for the price than I could see anywhere else.  Who can't spend $16 for a nice case?  I recommend ChromaCast  stuff, and I love this case so far.
0,excellent
0,This is a great Les Paul case.  The shell is hard and the clasps are made well.  This is a professional road case.  Put it on an airplane, Bus, Truck, or van and your guitar will arrive at its destination in the same condition you put it in.  Not including an act of God.  It's not a cheap case.  100x better than a gig bag!  If you spent the cash for a Les Paul and only got a gig bag make sure you purchase this case with your guitar.
0,The low B is just what I was looking for, nice overtones on my 80's MIJ Fender, strung as BEAD, (it's a bass, who needs a high G anyway?)
0,absolutly well beyond my expectations,super quality ,super value,even looks good.get it while you can.
0,These pics are colorful, fun, easy to hold, and I highly recommend them! After I bought them (at the same time I bought my first mandolin), I found out my husband had bought the same ones before for playing the guitar!
0,It's super affordable so don't expect strong enough signal to Walk around in every room in the house.
0,'gotta have a gig bag for my fender and this one is 'just right' --right price and right for my stratocaster.
0,I've gigged with this strap for the past year & it still looks & feels as good as the day I bought it!  Even though I've taken it on and off of my guitar repeatedly, the ends show no signs of fraying or premature wear (unlike some other straps that I've used).  Unlike a previous reviewer, the dye on mine hasn't run at all, & I've gigged on a sweltering hot stage during the summertime in Florida while wearing a white shirt!
0,It is an XLR microphone cable. Works as intended, very happy with the purchase to go with my MXL 770 Condenser mic.
0,It's really hard to beat this product for the price.  I found it sturdy, well built, and a great fit for my guitar.  I really appreciate the low, wide stance, which is great insurance against accident prone guitar players such as myself!
0,bvery good
0,Purchased these pins for my Gibson Hummingbird Artist acoustic guitar.		The actual bridge pins on the guitar were PLASTIC!  EW! I have used graph-tech products frequently (electric guitar saddles, bridges, and nuts), and trusted their brand and their TUSQ material.		Its fun to check these things out when they come in.  Feel like plastic to the touch, but when you drop them on a hard surface, they have a metallic sound to them.  I think that is cool.  Just sayin'		These particular pins were much shorter than the plastic ones original to the guitar.  When I say much shorter, I mean about 1/8-1/4", which I would consider a significant difference.		For install, I just lowered the tension of one string, popped the old pin out, and put the new pin in.  I repeated this for each string, to keep some tension on the neck at all times.		After taking the guitar back up to standard E tuning, the pins stayed in, and have stayed in for well over a week now.  It is safe to say that the pins are a good fit and I won't have to worry about shooting someone in the face with one when I play it, as I have experienced with Brass pins.		All in all, a good product and a great fit.  Works for my Gibson Hummingbird, so likely results for similar models and brands.
0,Inexpensive and functional.  Works well in front of a Large D Condensor mic.  Tames pops and ssss.
0,Great Value!  Inexpensive and works with my Dragon Naturally Speaking software well.
0,perfect for the cash! SOLID up to 7ft then only a bit wobbly. Small room acoustic show is what I use it for.
0,A good, inexpensive replacement for a noisy jack.
0,It's perfect!  A must for tuning your instrument.
0,I spent a lot of time researching resonator guitars...and kept watching the pricing of this one!  When the price dropped to what I was willing to pay, I snatched it up!  Dean doesn't normally allow this particular guitar to sell lower than M.A.P.  I also studied the tricones and duotones from other manufacturers.  I wanted something with fair sustain that I could run through an amp and perhaps some effects.  This fit the bill and is a really all out over the top design as well.  I love it!!  She's a head turner!  And the sound through an amp has a wonderful bluesy twang but with plenty of depth.  Only small fault I would find it the knobs on the website show as having abalone, but they came as pearl on this one.  The abalone would have been prettier.  I may end up making my own abalone inserts sometime in the near future.
0,This has been a good tool to help me play and not wake the family when I practice my music. It has everything that you need to make it private. This is my second monitor I've had, the first one I gave to a friend because he has trouble hearing himself when the band plays. So yes I have had good things to say about them.
0,Elixirs are some of the best guitar strings out there.  They have a very full and bright tone and retain it for a VERY long time.  I used them for almost a year before they started to dull.  They're worth the money.
0,* SHIPPING.  The Epiphone comes wrapped in  protective foam, inside a gig bag, which is inside a sturdy standard tri-shaped box, which is itself shipped inside a HUGE box twice its size and totally surrounded by sturdy bubble plastic.  That huge box is then inside yet ANOTHER huge box.  Honestly, to protect this better they'd have had to contact Tony Stark.  It would take real skill and intent to damage this thing in shipping.  EXCELLENT job.  5 stars on that alone.		* SIZE. Overall length 24".  Fretboard 10".  Nut to bridge 15".  So good overall medium-size.  I like that it's a bit larger than a 20-21" soprano uke.  It is "concert" size (which I greatly prefer over soprano.  Frankly, I'd like to see a baritone version).  The 24" length is an excellent size for both adult and youth / child fingers.		* QUALITY.  From stern to port, this instrument shines.  Beautifully lacquered flawless finish, protective edging, plastic finger-guard (which itself was guarded in adhesive plastic), solid neck screw-joined to heavy-wood body.  The whole unit is heavy-wood and very durable.  Nevertheless the sound is quite good.  The tuners are acceptable quality (nothing amazing, but they work well).  The frets are actual metal and not molded into the fingerboard like cheap ukes.  The amp-jack is chrome-metal back-plated to the body; it's NOT coming loose.  Strap holders are already mounted, saving users the hassle.  And of course, the impressive EPIPHONE and LES PAUL signature stamps on the head for sheer class.		* SOUND.  I found this to sound as good as most ukes right out of the box, despite the fact it's pretty solid-wood electric (I expected it to sound dull.  It doesn't.)  But I still bought a set of d'Addario strings (a brand I've loved for years) and according to other reviews here expect the sound to improve significantly once those are added.		* ACTION. I've rarely seen a purchased instrument that has perfect action off the shelf and this is no exception. The action is fairly high (not uncommon with off-the-shelf instruments).  One will need to remove the strings (keep them for emergency spares), file down the bridge bottom (easily done with a flat surface and sandpaper) and add a new set of quality strings.  I'm a perfectionist when it comes to action (as are most players I know), so this will be tweaked.		* DURABILITY.  It's very durable.  That counts for the gig bag too.  No cheap "tent nylon" there-- but thick nylon that will really resist tearing.  As others mentioned I'd still look for a decent hard case; they average under $40.  A good instrument is worth protecting.  But I'd say this could take some real punishment and still play well-- not that I'd go bashing it against a stage floor.  That would be goofy.		* WEIRD SUGGESTION:  Hang on to the box it comes in.  It makes a great temporary "hard shell" case. It's made of rather sturdy cardboard and does a pretty good job of protecting the uke.  Great for hauling around in your car if you can't shell out for a shell. Seriously... that is some stiff cardboard.  Protects well.  : )		* ELECTRONICS.  The sound is clear. Sadly there is no volume/tone control, no battery to preamp, and thus the signal to the amp was quite low.  They could have done better on that end.  But wow, at this price how can one gripe?		Two solutions to this:	1) Open up the end plate and totally replace the electronics with something better (including a tone and volume knob somewhere accessible).  That's the tricky way.	2) Put a preamp on this. You can buy one here on Amazon for about 15 bucks. If you have a mini-mixer you can do the same thing with that.  Even with that little extra expense you'll come out ahead.		Aside from the passive electronics... this is a PRIME instrument.		Considering what you get for the price... I don't think this can be beat.  Unfortunately, my extra-long fingers find this size somewhat difficult to play... something I didn't consider when ordering a uke.  But that's a physical difficulty and no fault of the instrument.  The product itself is excellent.
0,I use this to play my Guitar and my Viotar through my Eastwest music software as well as many other MIDI vst's. My Viotar is a Fretless Guitar I built to be played with a violin bow. I run my Viotar through the Sonuus and can bow one note through the Eastwest Software and get the sound of a 70 piece strings section or bang out 90 mile an hour Thrash chords with a bow. What more is there to say? Awesome product.
0,I used this on a custom bass build and it worked great!
0,Used them for years!  They wear out before they break.  We play 2 hours almost every day and each pick will last 3 months.
0,I should preface this with I have Ableton Live 9, so one of the reasons I purchased it was to be able to use with live when I travel for work and am stuck in a hotel with nothing to do. I also have a Launchkey 49 which is just a little too big to drag around but has a great keyboard.  I really just wanted something small to replace my old Oxygen8 that was having compatibility problems.		I didn't realize the keys would be so small, they look fairly normal in the picture.  They are mini-keys.  That said, they aren't bad to use and for a girl, I have large hands. The drum pads when used as such are a little harder to press than i expected.  But then I'm not used to pounding on things. And the keys will work with the drums just as well.  It is very small - perfect for travel.  It is fairly easy to change the octaves while using the piano or other sounds.  So overall, I'm very happy.  The keys also worked with Sonar X1.  I haven't tried with Reason or ProTools yet, though I did download the set up guide for Reason.		So as a travel keyboard for a non-full time musician, I would really rec this.  I think a keyboardist may not like it so well.  I don't know if the Launchkey 25 is more like the 49.  If it is, a keyboardist may prefer that over this one.  I don't have an iPad, so I can't test it out with that.
0,This little gadget is so clever, it makes the guitar loud and it sounds clean.
0,Bought these for a resonator guitar project I am doing. I am not finished with it yet but these look to be very well made and perfect for slide guitar and just picking. I will try to update when they are installed.
0,I ordered these locking tuning machines because they had the Fender "F" stamped on the back. They were $17 dollars less than the Grovers and much less than the Schallers, and since they were not made in Germany I had some misgivings. They have held up well and are effective. Definitely worth the price and they work fine.
0,These stands are great and are at the right price.  Other stands serve adequately, but the price of these tumps them all.  I am very happy with these.
0,I like it
0,This is a great way to build your own cables.		You get the core DB25 to DB25 cable, and you can make a DB25 to TRS or TRS to TRS, or even TRS to XLR with this breakout cable.  Very well built, labeled for each channel, and the audio passing through it is very clear and transparent.  I simply love these cables.
0,I just recieved this mic today and have set it up along with the SP04 Samson shockmount and PS01 Samson pop filter(I would recommend buying both of those items along with this mic). It sounds great! I am a rapper and this works perfect for me. Sound is crisp and clear. The Cakewalk Sonar LE software is easy to install but is a little difficult if you have never used software like this before.(Note: People have asked me this over and over and here is my answer, if your trying to make beats you will need different software like Fruity Loops, Garage Band etc..). But over all I love it! I ordered this with 2 day shipping on July 30th and recieved it today August 3rd just like they said(would've been shipped sooner but I ordered late on Saturday). I am very happy with my order and will order from this seller again!
0,This controller is so much more than I would have expected, especially for the low price,  The weighted velocity key action is actually better than many much more expensive keyboards.  The Sample Tank app (free) has a multitude of quality sounds and capabilities.  It works with Garage Band too, though I've had little experience with that.
0,Very nicely designed compact mic stand.  The fit and finish are outstanding.  It telescopes down to a small package that will fit into a daypack.	Wish they made an ultralight version out of aluminum. This one bumps your baggage weight by a couple of pounds +.
0,I liked the more mellow-sounding strings that came with my Takamine acoustic, but they sound good and haven't broken, yet.
0,This made my life easier.  Accuracy is great.  What makes this so effective is that it uses vibration.  Clearly, this will help in noisy situation.  The added benefit is that you can pretty much pluck a string once, and mess with the tuner til you're in tune.  With conventional tuners, you pluck it once, adjust, pluck again, adjust, repeat til you're in tune.  This?  You pluck, and turn til you're in tune.  I'm absolutely happy.
0,Excellent quality
0,This is a great tool for all guitar players. The winder is great but what I really love about it is the string cutter. It slices of the excess string with ease. This tool has made my string changes a lot faster and neater. There's a version of this by Planet Waves with just the string winder but you might as well buy this, it also has a bridge pin puller.
0,Perfect for my 335
0,Works as advertised
0,This stand is sturdy and does the job - but - a locking pin fails to engage the socket and could cause the stand to collapse and damage your instrument. We have to wiggle the frame so the pin can enter the hole but I think I can repair the defect.	UPDATE:	Yesterday I received delivery on one that I will use as a gift. This stand is in perfect condition and will make a special someone very happy. Both stands came with a gig bag.
0,These are the best cables for the money, and better than those costing 2-3 times as much.  Good choice of lengths. Very flexible and not-tangling.  Quiet and good connection plug.  Use these Monoprice cables for every connection on my pedal board, to/from the effects loop for bank 2 & to the amp as well
0,Works great bought for my daughter to learn how to tune her own guitar and if she can figure it out it must work for all
0,The unit arrived with a broken plastic battery compartment closure screw. I super glued it and it is holding so far. I do not like the fact that when power is applied to the unit, it defaults to it's non bypass state, so that I cannot just turn on my system and play, but must first hit the bypass button on the "French Toast". The sound, for the price, is terrific. I am thinking of putting it in a metal case with a true bypass 3PDT switch to fix it's problems. For the cost, I can live with it's  deficiencies.
0,My G string was binding in the old plastic nut.  The Tusq nut fit with little modification on my Ibanez ART325.  A little bit of sanding of the nut to adjust the height and width and it became of perfect fit.  All of the GraphTech products I've used have not disappointed.
0,Great strings!! ;)
0,Durable, I use it with a pop filter and mike, I don't think it would hold balance with the foam back attachment, though it's a great mike stand, I have been using it for months now
0,I'm another player who has had many high-end guitars. I've owned models by James Olson, Kevin Ryan, Collings, Martin, Taylor - you name it. So I could be considered pretty jaded when it comes to acoustic guitars.		So why did I get involved with this Epiphone? Well, I watched 'Inside Llewyn Davis' and fell in love with his 1928 Gibson L-1. I know how my Guitar Acquisition Syndrome usually goes and figured that I would have to satisfy it or go crazy, and spending thousands of dollars was not gonna happen. So I found this Eppihone L-00 and figured it might be enough to shut down my GAS. I admit that I did not have high expectations - I've seen $300 guitars before and they were always disappointing.		The guitar arrived well packed and with the speed that I've become accustomed to with today's premier online stores. After unboxing it I was amazed. This is a nice guitar! The sunburst paint and finish is flawless - I could not find any spot that was not perfect. The fretboard had nice dark rosewood that went along well with the dark finish of the guitar. The set up was great right out of the box - low enough to make finger-style playing comfortable. Its tone was sweet and even across all 6 strings. The Grover tuners do their job and hold a tuning.  I was stunned.		Because it was cheap and easy, I replaced the plastic bridge pins with the Graph Tech Tusq Ivory Acoustic Guitar Bridge Pins. The guitar's volume was immediately improved, so much so that I have postponed installing a Tusq saddle and nut. I recommend that everyone do this.		Of course, the real test of a guitar is whether or not you want to play it. In my case, I can't put this guitar down. It's such a sweet axe and the fact that it cost $300 only makes it sweeter. I splurged on an Epiphone case for it so it will be protected and safe from temperature swings. So, for less than $400 I got a beautiful, well made, sweet sounding guitar and case. This is a deal that should be too good to be true, but isn't.
0,This seat has been great. I love it.
0,Looks great, made well enough, and decent price. I would just say that I bought a $15 Uke from a shack in Hawaii, and it sounds more on key than this one. Tune often.
0,A little boomer with electronics.. This one sound better to me that the baby taylor or any other.. Its bright and crisp vs the sort of muted tin of the others I played.. If you have smaller hands this is the ticket.. I gave it to my daughter in law to learn guitar on and she won't give it back..hahahha
0,Solid capo. Works fine on guitars with a range of neck radii. The spring scratches off the paint on the inside of the handle, but that doesn't bother me.
0,These are great little lights that provide a nice defined edge (should be used with smoke or haze) and are very bright.	I use them on trusses above the moving head lights and they provide a great set of 4 "spokes" pointing almost straight down on the drums.	Only negative is that the plastic shells probably will not take much abuse, but since I've already dropped one and it held up fine, I'm giving it 5 stars.	I hate to fall back on the over-used phrase that they are great "for the money", but they are better than I expected.
0,I don't think you can even get the copper that's in these things for their price...  You might be able to sell these things for scrap right after buying them and come out on top.
0,very good product
0,Excellent sound with great balance, smooth and detailed response. As with most Shure products, these perform well beyond their modest price and styling would suggest. I use them for recording and casual listening, and have zero complaints. Some have said they lack bass, but I don't hear that. The bass is there, and so is everything else across the entire range. Love 'em.
0,Good Product.
0,Works great
0,I've uploaded customer-supplied images above to show just how much gear one of these is capable of holding and how small the stage or studio footprint is. When you factor in the price it's plain to see that this rack is not only a bargain, but a flexible platform for mounting components.		One other characteristic that the images reveals is this is not a table-top only rack. They work very well on the floor.		The rack itself is easy to assemble and is built like a tank. I have a bass amp head and a power amp, plus a power conditioner in one of my racks that, combined, weighs around 50 pounds. The rack is not stressed or strained by this weight, and could probably hold another 50 pounds safely and reliably. Another plus is it comes with a bag of high quality mounting screws for components, eliminating that expense (I was expecting to have to order&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Raxxess-Rack-Screws-With-Washers-Hardware-Pack-of-25/dp/B0001FTVD6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Raxxess Rack Screws With Washers Hardware (Pack of 25)</a>, which turned out to be completely unnecessary.)		My only complaint is the rubber feet caps easily fall off, but a little glue rectified that rather trivial problem.		If you need portability, reliability and value for smaller gear suites that are frequently moved (such as setting up on stages) this is an ideal solution for rack mounted equipment. I am so pleased with mine that I intend to purchase another one, bringing the total to three.
0,I bought these because I wanted durable, flexible picks for easy strumming. I would recomend these to anyone that needs more stable strumming.
0,It's alright.
0,I purchased this case for a Chinese Epiphone Casino. The box arrived slightly used and abused, and I was surprised there was no outer box around the manufacturer box for an extra layer of protection. There was one ding on the case lid probably from a dolly or fall at some point. The cardboard is pretty thin, and there is only a plastic bag inside protecting it. It is just a case though, so who cares. The more road worn the better.		Out of the box, I was actually pleased to find that the contour on the top of the case is much less prominent than in the picture. I found the extra contouring to be a bit unncessary and gaudy at that. I preferred a flat top and almost bought another model for that very reason. The covering is unlike other coverings I have seen on TKL cases. It is very smooth and will probably show every mark and ding since there are no canals and wrinkles resembling leather to hide wear and tear. After all, it is just a case. There is some decorative black piping that gives the case a little aesthetic appeal unlike your standard TKL case which I find kind of drab and boring albeit practical. The handle has a nice solid feel also.		The case is a bit on the wobbly side in that, when I set it on a bench to open, it wasn't quite level, so the case kind of bent causing the top to not line up with the bottom of the case. If this concerns you, then you may want to drop twice the money on a TKL 335 case. The advantage is that the case feels very light and easy to carry. I am sure the latches will be fine unless you were to excessively abuse them.		I like the size of the case the most. When looking for a case, I tried out some Gator cases in stores, and I found them to be extra deep causing them to be a bit unweildy and huge. In fact, the Gator ABS 335 case seemed deep enough to accommodate a dreadnought acoustic guitar. They do this so that they can make one case for several models which is good for them but bad for you. So beware if you plan to buy a non-Epiphone case for an Epiphone guitar.		I have a late 70s Gibson 335 case that is the perfect case for the Casino, but for a few reasons, I do not use it. The 70s Gibson case is lightweight and compact. This Epiphone case is almost identical in a side by side comparison except that the headstock space is extra long on the Epiphone case even though it doesn't need to be. You could almost fit a stompbox in the extra space up there.		While not a perfect fit like a glove fit, the guitar is secure to not shift during transit. I had an Epiphone casino from the 90s, and its case fit perfectly. But at this price, it is not much concern since there is enough plush interior to pad it and keep it secure. The accessory compartment feels a bit cheap. I wouldn't jam it full of too much stuff since it could casue the littlle walls to detach. There are screws on the exterior of the case which indicate it is affixed, but it felt pretty loose out of the box. The neck lays virtually flat across the compartment which is a positive since some other cases require some packing down or shaving to get the guitar to sit flat. Sometimes these cases leave a glue residue on the neck, so you may want to throw a cloth under the neck.		It is a great case for the price. The best part is that you know that it will fit your Epiphone or Gibson guitar at under 100 dollars.
0,My wife loves it!
0,very good quality I am well satisfied
0,These are the best strings they last so much longer then other strings
0,As a long time Sennheiser user, I will compare these to the Evolution series, mainly the G3 packs and receivers. There is a similar portable set to this but this new AVX design is hugely improved. First, the sound quality is excellent. I had no problem finding a clear, static free signal with no RF interference. Next, the new transmitter and receiver designs are great. The receiver unit is extremely compact and plugs into any camera's XLR port. It also plugs into any sound board if you wanted to use it for a more traditional stage application. The transmitter has also been redesigned for the new AVX series and features a sturdy case as always and a small protruding antenna. Previous G3 transmitter packs did not have this antenna but because they required AA batteries, the pack was larger.		The batteries can be considered a pro or a con depending on how much you use these and how long you use them. Previously, when batteries went dead you would just put new AA batteries in and you could keep rolling. With the new design, the battery packs are removable, and rechargeable via micro USB cable, however they are proprietary which means you will need to order more if you are in a remote area and need to use them all day. One good thing about the batteries is they charge fast and can be charged by any USB charger, including portable battery chargers. So a break for lunch could juice the batteries enough to last a few hours, or you could buy a second set of batteries and always have one charging to keep going as long as you need to. I am not totally sure how I feel about the proprietary batteries yet, but I understand to keep everything compact with decent battery life, it is something that needs to be done. Over the years, these batteries will need to be replaced, and Sennheiser batteries are not cheap.		The price for this unit is on the high end. Almost in Lectrosonics territory, but in my opinion the sound quality is so good that it is even better than the old technology 500-600mhz Lectrosonics/Sennheiser/Shure stuff that is currently industry standard. As long as replacement batteries are available, this is a product that will hold up for many, many years and is a great addition to any beginner or intermediate video setup. Pair this with a ZOOM H4N and you have an excellent interview setup. The lav mic is decent and totally usable, although you may consider using a Tram mic or something a little more professional if you want to be more discreet and increase the audio quality even more. For general talking in a relatively quiet environment, the included mic is fine. Typical medium cost Sennheiser omnidirectional lavalier mic.		I have to say, I am impressed with this new product. I think Sennheiser continues to innovate in this space and whether or not you appreciate German engineering, they definitely make products that work and this one is no exception. It remains to be seen how durable these units are over the long term but from the abuse I've put their other equipment through over the years, I would guess that this new AVX system is going to be just fine.
0,Pretty Good for the Buck !
0,Over the years I've been slowly upgrading all my cables to Mogami.  Each time, I am amazed by the clarity they bring to the mix.  Made this recent purchase so that I could stop looting them off my studio monitors anytime I wanted to record.  ^_^;;;		I highly recommend Mogami, Gold for your TRS applications and Platinum for your 1/4" needs.  Yes, they are supremely expensive compared to other cables, but I guarantee they're worth every penny.  Just like you wouldn't pair a cheap bow with an expensive cello, don't make the mistake of pairing cheap cables with quality audio equipment (unless you're going for that particular sound, of course).  In both cases, doing so leaves you disappointed and paining to hear the sound you know the equipment is capable of.
0,I never use slide to play my guitar, this is the first I ever have, look like good quality, I just have to learn how to play ;-)
0,I like the look & a great value for two, made well, using for small & tenor ukes.
0,for connecting pedals in tandem, got two of these three packs been using them for quite some time and not one has failed yet.  Nice value as well.
0,It's a music book page holder and it does exactly that and it does it will and looks nice too.
0,If I could give this 3.5 stars, I would..... but for the price and what is included I will round up.  Positive: functional practice amp, good clip on tuner, GREAT gig bag (seriously consider it a $25 bag) functional stand and strap TOTALLY worth $9 extra at the time I purchased this from guitar alone.  Guitar is basically very decent quality.  Neck is good - needs some tweaking and relief, but frets are good and in good shape, size of neck seems consistent with 9.5 radius MIM type strat necks... tuners decent, bridge setup out of the box was the best $111 guitar I've ever seen lol.  I had to lower a couple of the strings but intonation was nearly perfect.  Body finish is very good for the price.	Bad:  body is the lightest weight full size strat body I have ever held.  I added some weight to it but it is REAL light.  It appears to be real wood but man I have no idea what kind of wood is this light.  Electronics are crap.  Very noisy and crackly.  The neck and overall finish exceed my expectations, but the weight and electronics were less than I'd hoped.  All in all a GREAT deal for a beginner.  Less so for someone with 20 years experience.
0,I hooked this little guy up to my drummers drumset and used a direct line for amps and mics etc and it worked awesome. No complaints here. It is what it is but its the best your gonna get on a low budget. Worth its weight tho.
0,Plenty of room in this wonderful bag. So so beautiful.
0,my grandaughter loves it
0,got theses
0,Perfect !	Because the product is very good .	I liked a lot .	Would recommend to my friends from Brazil .
0,Good Product
0,A gift for my sister who plays the oboe. She said that she loves it and that it eliminated pain!
0,good price, good quality
0,works well
0,I've been playing bass for about 30 years now. This is the first time I've bought a brand new bass and I have to admit that I had my doubts. Most of my previous basses have been vintage. I've had a Hofner (not fiddle), a semi-acoustic Vox Teardrop and a Burns Baldwin Vibraslim (semi-acoustic), to name a few. The Burns was my main bass for several years but then the neck pick-up started to fade. The sound was still adequate but lacked a lot of the previous depth. So I decided that I needed a new bass. I had seen this Squier jazz bass. The reviews seemed really good and the price is a no-brainer (as long as the quality is as described). It's a really good bass. As mentioned, I've had a few vintage semi-acoustics so I find this bass really heavy. Also, when I'm jamming acoustic, I'm used to being able to put my chin to the body and I get the full bass sound. The sound doesn't seem to carry as well through the body of this guy. But playing it through an amp sounds surprisingly good. So far, I'm playing it as it came out of the box but I'll probably take it in for some adjustments soon. The action is good but there is some minor fret-buzz but it's so slight that it's a matter of fine tuning rather than any fault in the overall design. I would recommend this bass for anyone looking for a good deal at a low price.
0,Bought as a gift for my grandson and he says it's great
0,Super piece of equipment!  Great features.  Good price.
0,Great value!  They seem to be as good as any high-end, like the Kyser,but at a much....MUCH, lower pirce!
0,I own both sizes. You can hear a noticeable difference in the tone. I prefer the large size, the extra weight makes it ring much clearer and deeper than the smaller size.
0,Works great with my Kurzweil pc3le6
0,I love this gadget because it allows a ukulele player to tune up in a way that permits playing in harmony with players using other instruments.  In other words, anyone with a shred of musical talent can learn to tune a ukulele once they have learned the relative positions of the notes in the old standby four-note song called "My Dog Has Fleas."  To do this, they just tighten of loosen the four strings until the can sound out the memorized song.  If that is true, then who needs the Snark device?  The "Dog" song gives only relative positions of notes.  The Snark gives the absolute positions needed so a ukulele player using it can sound right playing with people using other instruments.
0,Never let your guitar slip ever
0,Very fast deliver and a good price. Love these for a bright sounding Rosewood 000 sized guitar.
0,I use this to connect my keyboard to my Voicelive Touch.  Works great, no problems.  What else could you ask for?
0,I love this cab. It's a perfect match for my Peavey 20 Mini Head. Ordered from Amazon (I rarely buy gear without trying it first, but I know Orange's reputation and Amazon's good return policy, so it saved me time finding a store that had one) and it arrived quickly and was packed with excellence.		Update: Also sounds great as an extension speaker for my Marshall SL5, Fender Custom '68 Princenton Reverb, and my Orange Micro Dark.		60 watts	Built rock solid	Made of Birtch plywood, (not cheap MDF/particle board)	Highly portable 1x12" cab	It's quite easy to carry around (I don't know the weight, but if I can carry it, anyone else should be able to!).	Celestion Vintage 30 (my speaker of choice)	Great full sound, lacks nothing for a 1x12	Paired with the Peavey 20 Mini Head it's the perfect band rehearsal and gigging amp for me.		I've been downsizing the past few years - getting too old to haul my Marshall half stack around - plus, the band I'm currently in doesn't have huge gear demands (Classic Rock). I've been playing and gigging for decades, and done gigs from tiny bar jams to 3,000 seat theaters and outdoor events. I've had a lot of gear come and go over the years, and I can't imagine an affordable, lightweight, 1x12" speaker box sounding any better than this. What's really great for me is this box pairs perfectly with my Peavey 20 Mini Head, giving me a big full Marshally sound without having to schlep the larger expensive gear around. You're definitely getting your money's worth with this, and you can be completely confident it will last you for the rest of your life with reasonable care.		In my opinion, this is a best-in-class 1x12 speaker. I cannot tell you how happy I am with this cab after several months of owning it, rehearsing with it, and gigging with it. Don't settle for one of those cheap MDF/particle board cabs just to save some money - better to wait, save up if you have to and get this. Highly recommended!
0,Works well and is a good value. I bought it as an inexpensive backup for the strap that I use most often, a "Just Joe's" strap.
0,Great extension for us big guys!
0,Like one other reviewer said, this tube goes great in a FENDER BLUES JR  V1 slot.  (The first tube on the right facing the back of the amp).  The stock 12ax7 tube is high output and causes the amp to break up early on the volume knob.  Like at about 3. With this tube you get a nice clean sound at louder volume and a more bluesy break up when it kicks in on the volume dial.  Before you do any mods to your Blues Jr put this tube in and try it. It does not have to be a Sovtek tube any 5751 will work nicely.
0,Very nice pearlized finish in a variety of colors (as illustrated).  Picks are .70 mm with a good feel and smooth edges, very well finished.
0,Good string winder
0,I wasn't looking for an exact match to anything, so these knobs are perfect for me. I had to pinch the pot shafts together to get them to fit, but after that they fit perfectly.
0,Minor issue quickly resolved by the seller.		Bought this as a lark cuz it's so cheap.		I cannot believe how well it works and sounds.
0,These are my pick of choice now.  Great thickness for a more substantial tone and they last for a very long time and the grip and size is good
0,When it comes to a capo, I do not expect much.  A capo is a just capo, that's what I thought about it.  The Planet Waves Tri-Action Capo totally changed it.  I have not had any capo that allowed me to adjust a tension and the Planet Waves Tri-Action Capo was a very well-made capo in terms of a design and usability.  It fit my acoustic guitar (Ovation) and an electric guitar (Fender Stratocaster) very well with tension adjustments.  And it has a pick holder and I really liked that.  Overall, the Tri-Action Capo is a solid and nice capo and I couldn't ask anything more to it. Well done, Planet Waves.
0,I'm using this isolation riser to get my KRK subwoofer off the wooden floor in my home studio. It did exactly what I needed: Isolated the subwoofer from the floor and stopped lower frequencies from rattling my closet doors. I can't say that it improved the sound at all (sounds exactly the same), but my sub is certainly isolated from it's surroundings and that's good enough for me.
0,If you are used to the old big 250K pots from yesteryear, these will not disappoint. They aren't cheap, and I'm not really sure that some mini-pot w/a solid shaft wouldn't be equal in quality, but the 'drag' on them is almost always different. I just wanted some pots that were like a few of the older Teles that I currently own, and these are THOSE. Nice and smooth rotation with a knurled-type Tele knob, and 250K (measured, they were pretty closet) means they roll off some top end if you're using bright/'vintage' single coils.
0,Perfect for mounting the UltimateSuppot Hyperpad iPad holder for onstage use.
0,I l,ike this thing.  I always use it with a preamp channel or a preamp.  I like to run it into my MIC DITTO pedal and get a solid beat sometimes. Don't expect it to be just what you were looking for right out of the box. BUT with my expereicnce in all stomp boxes, you need to experiment with it for a while and find the best way for you to use it. Have fun with it.
0,Count the stars.
0,This is an excellent quality foot petal. I like and use this foot switch often. It has never failed me.
0,I've used a few different fog fluids and this is the best by far and I've had no complaints about the smell (unlike other fog fluids on Amazon).
0,As always, Shure makes awesome products. I love the sound and the fact this has a rechargeable battery is a plus. No channel configuration required; it's all automatic. Plug and play. Can't get any easier.
0,For live performances I use these to concentrate drum and instrument microphones like those in the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Nady-DMK-5-Drum-Mic-Package/dp/B0002GXUMW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Nady DMK-5 Drum Mic Package</a>&nbsp;into as few mixer channels as possible.		Another plus for live use vs. studio is these are shielded, which will help to eliminate noise from power cords and sources.		I love the construction and the fact that the connector ends can be removed for field repairs. And at the price per pair, compared to the overall price per channel on a mixer, these are a cost effective way to get the maximum use of mixer channels in some mic placement scenarios.
0,looks good so far
0,Perfect fit for my 12.9 ipad pro, no need to remove the case, just the cover. I mounted it atop a Mic stand. It looks sharp.
0,This is a great product.  It was very easy to apply and remove to adjust them on my piano keys.  I highly recommend this for students and novices learning how to sight read.
0,We use these on classical guitars that have necks slightly wider than normal.  Never had an issues, easy to use, stays put.  We have found these better than Shubb Deluxe Series GC-30 (S1).
0,This is the second time I've purchased this product and I recommend it.
0,The Gator GPB-LAK-1 Pedal Board is a nice simple heavy duty aluminum mounting	area for your stomp boxes and includes a power supply bracket on the underside. I	have easily installed, with the included Velcro, four 2-1/2" wide pedals without a	problem. If you had one more mini pedal you could easily install another pedal on the	board.		--  Pedal Board Stats ----------------------------------------------------------------	>  Aluminum Thickness:  1/4 inch	>  Total Footprint Width:  15-1/2 inches	>  Total Footprint Depth:  8-1/4 inches	>  Pedal Surface Area Depth:  7-1/2 inches	>  Front Height:  1-1/2 inches	>  Rear Height:  3 inches	>  Rear Access Opening:  1-1/4 inch diameter	>  Power Supply Bracket Size:  6-1/2 in (L) x 2 in (H) x 3-1/2 in (W)	>  Board Weight, w/o pedals:  3.5 pounds [Manufacturer pub. board wt. = 5 lbs.]	>  Board Weight w/ 4 pedals (2-1/2 in. x  4-1/2 in.):  5.88 pounds		The pedal board has a nice rake on it so accessing the buttons on your pedals is easy.	There are plenty of access holes for running your connectors and power lines. Also a	very nice mount under the board for a power box if you so choose.		The Gator comes with plenty of 1-1/2 inch wide Velcro and it work very well keeping the	pedals on the board. I've had no problems with any pedals dislodging or moving on	around even one millimeter.		You need to remember that the connecting cables between the boxes will take up some	room. My equalizer has the power outlet on the side of the box. Most box power outlets	seem to be on the top end of the pedal. So, plan carefully by first doing a mock up with	all your connectors and power cables installed before you finally Velcro them down.		The padded case is well made with 2 heavy zippers on the top. There is a zippered	mesh compartment inside the lid to hold extra equipment. I am able to easily place a 10	foot connecting cable in the bag with the board and pedals installed. Whether it would	withstand a world tour I can not comment on. I would not call it 'Heavy Duty', but it may	hold up under concert conditions. The board is definitely long term durable.		The pedal board case has a 1-1/2 inch wide padded handle as well as a shoulder strap	with a shoulder pad. The bag has two plastic feet, each 2 inch by 3 inch, on the "bottom	side" so you can store your bag upright like a suitcase.		Overall, a nice pedal board and case and I give it a 5 Star recommendation. They will	hold up for multiple gigs and make it easier for you to share your music as you hear it.
0,Love this little guy!  I've tested it with other tuners and it works just as well as them.  Not even the slightest sound or tone difference.
0,As crazy as it sounds, this was one of the most difficult purchases I've made in a while.  Trying to find a gig bag for a relatively inexpensive, small, light guitar, an older Godin Acousticaster was harder than it sounds.  I did not want to spend more than $30, but wanted at least a modicum of padding with solid zippers.  I was concerned that most of the gig bags were overly large and that the guitar would just swim in them.	So, I was pleasantly surprised to rcv the Phitz bag and find that for the price, it is very well-made and well-padded.  Although the bag is a bit larger than the guitar, the extra padding holds it relatively secure in there.  And while I obviously wouldn't want to drop a heavy road case on it, I think that I could drop the bag and guitar from a reasonable height with no damage.	I was also concerned about floppy backpack straps and really wanted to find a bag with removeable, (or at least hideable) straps.  But the straps on the Phitz bag tighten up enough as to be relatively unobtrusive, but still serviceable if needed.	There are a variety of colors available, but black w/ red interior was the least expensive.  Besides, I like my gear to be completely innocuous  when stashed in the back of the car, and black does the trick.	I purchased from Phitz through Amazon and saved the $3 in sales tax that Amazon wanted to charge.  Even paying $4.99 for shipping rather than using Prime, I still saved money because the Prime deal actually listed the bag at a higher price.  Phitz also sent along a little gift, a small, sturdy zippered case that looks to be for a small camera or some such.
0,I've got a lighter voice and this mic does a great job of picking me up without distortion. It's beautiful to look at as well.
0,Good
0,Great kit! I've installed it to one of my low end guitar and it worked great. 1 and 2nd string is a bit louder then the rest, but it might depend on pickup placement. Price is absolutely unbelievable.
0,Great case, has back-strapes so it is easy to take anywhere! It is soft not much padding at all and large. Love it for the price!!
0,Arrived in good shape and functions well.
0,NOT THE TOP OF THE LINE BUT EXCELLENT FOR NEW PLAYERS.	/jj
0,I've tried many types of strings, but keep coming back to the Aquilas.
0,I used to be a "pedal snob" until I tried this unit out,After 10 minutes I was sold and sold over 400.00 worth of my own single pedals! Never Regret it,So just Buy it and practice practice and practice some more!!
0,What else do you need to know? You don't really need this thing, is that what you want to hear? Pretty straightforward item, deserves 5stars just for the sake that it works...
0,The quality of the DW stuff is simply unparalled. The arms stay locked in place very solidly and the chrome is really high in quality.
0,Decent, not molded perfectly but only on the mounts that won't be seen.  Came with 2 sets even though I only ordered one.
0,I use this to eliminate one extra connection when connecting my Macbook Pro to my desktop accessories.  Hook this to the USB hub that has all of my other external drives and accessories.  Now one USB hook up and my sound is also connected.  Great product!
0,Flexible keyboard controller. A plus : the software coupon included in the box.
0,I've been looking for a stick that's not as thin as an A but not as thick as an B. This stick has a nice balance between the two.
0,Good cord.
0,My wife got me one of these when they first came available on the MF web store, which was between ten and 12 years ago.  They cost $50 more than they are listed for now.  I have seen several reviews complaining about the quality and the dressing of the frets.  The frets on mine were dressed perfectly, no sharp edges.  Finish was (and is still) perfect.  So I can't speak about current quality.  I hope it's still as good as when this model first came out.		The humbuckers sounded great.  They still do.  At first I had some issues with strings popping off the bridge.  I was trying to pluck the strings with my fingers and was yanking them too hard.  Once I started using a pick, that problem disappeared.  When you use a pick, this bass is also great for "palm muting."  (Think Tommy James and the Shondells, "Think we're alone now.)  Also, I put some Rotosound flatwounds on it, and OMG, could this thing "thump."  It became my "go to" bass, even over my Ibanez SGR500.		Now fast forward 10 or 12 years.  I suddenly blew a string, fortunately right at the end of a gig.  No biggie, right?  After 5 or so years, a bass string is likely to pop.  So when I started to put a new set on, I realized that the groove in the machine heads (tuning keys) had been crushed by the string and needed to be replaced.  OK, so maybe Rogue cut some corners on hardware.  I replaced the tuning keys.		The new set (lightweight D'addario rounds--95's) popped the A string after a month--right at the bridge.  As I replaced the string and inspected the bridge, I realized the little metal bit on which the string sits had some grooves worn in it and was also rusted.  So I then inspected all 4 bridge bits and remaining old strings.  I saw the same grooves on each bridge bit, and also saw that the remaining old strings were showing indentations at the contact point.  It's possible to pull the old bits out with pliers and reverse them on the bridge, which I did.  Also the bits got sanded smooth with some 400 grit sandpaper.		Oh yes--ignore the complaints on intonation being impossible.  The bridge is a free floater, like a mandolin.  You have to take a little time with a chromatic tuner to get it in just the right spot to get the intonation right.  It's easy enough. There's probably YouTube videos out there on how to do it.  If you aren't comfortable with that, take it to a set up tech.		So-- do I recommend this bass?  Yes I do, unequivocally.  However, be advised that you may have to switch to a pick if you are a "fingerplucker."  Also be advised that you will need to do some maintenance on it after ten years or so--or take it to a set up expert.		Oh yeah!  Go ahead and invest in a set of the "Teacup" volume knobs.  Great way to dress up your new toy!  You can find them on Amazon for just 14 or 15 bucks!
0,Nice guitar for the money Looks great, plays nice, no buzzing frets.
0,What a difference this thing makes to a vocalist.  Being able to fine tune vocal playback in my ear is a huge help.  Because it's not wireless, the extra cables can be a tad cumbersome and because most headphone cables won't reach the floor you might have to mount this on a mic stand.  But for the price and performance, I can live with that.
0,This is a very good nicely wide guitar strap.  Its weathered look is exactly what I was looking for.  Its a nice solid piece of leather that looks like it will last decades.  That is what I wanted but that is also why I got it weathered - to speed up about 5 years of personality.  I'm not sure how you would wear it out really.  Its buttery soft and doesn't have a strange fabric suede backing so it won't muck up your clothes, pill or crumble.		The only minus is that its a standard 53 inches though the description says its "long".  Pretty standard vs all other straps.		I paired this with my reissue Fender Telecaster Thinline in natural.  It looks wonderful.  I can barely feel the weight of the guitar wearing it.		-------------	Update: Since I got the strap as a Christmas gift I've worn it to class and jam sessions.  I started getting nice compliments about the guitar.  Thought the guitar IS beautiful I've had it for a while.  I think this strap is like a fine piece of jewelry accenting the guitar!  Beauty and Function.
0,This is a basic stand that does exactly what you expect it to do. I did think it was a littl on the high side of cost so I would shope for a better value the next time i get one but all in all.... Happy!
0,what i wanted
0,works great!
0,one great guitar especially for finger pickin' and slide, the electronics are fine but its not my style. Wish I could pull em out without damaging the rig. .  from early acoustic blues and early slide this is my experience with the 00. GREAT!
0,decent basic mic
0,i guess i have always used a mediocre bow... this makes me sound so much better.  quality strings, quality bow, yep, you get what you pay for
0,First of all I should mention I got this on eBay as new for much cheaper. I will start out by raking each category:		Sound Quality: 4/5	Comfort: 3.5/5	Build quality: 3.5/5	Bass: 4.25/5	Treble: 4/5	Mid-range: 4/5	Vocals: 4.5/5	Leak: 4/5	NC: 4.5/5	Portability: 3.75/5	Price: 3/5 if bought from Amazon 4/5 if bought directly 5/5 if bought from eBay at current prices	Brand: 4/5	Features: 4/5	Extras: 4.75/5		Next I will describe why I gave the ratings that I did:		Sound quality - The overall sound quality is great, it is nothing like higher end audiophile phones...but they definitely sound great. I'm not an audiophile, and these are not audiophile headphones (they're basshead headphones) but these defaintely are impressive when it comes to the audio quality.		Comfort - There's little to be said here, they're comfortable but they're not amazingly comfortable. The ear pads aren't as plump as they should be, which can hurt the ears after long periods of wear, the simple fix would be to replace the pads with Beyerdynamic velour pads that you'll find on dt 770, 880 or 990 headphones. The head padding is adequate, although a little on the slim side. If you have larger ears they may not make an proper seal, but the velour ear pads might.		Build quality - It's made of plastic, plastic is never amazing when it comes to build quality. The headband is metal though, which is why it makes it quite sturdy. The purely plastic areas seem like they could break pretty easily, which is why I rated this so low.		Bass - This is rated as a basshead can by Head-Fi's Audiophile Basshead club, this is why I bought it in the first place...for its bass. en.goldenears.net produces the best review of this in terms of how it responds to audio, it has boomy bass and can get loud. Plug it into an amplifier, and have the EQ set high and the bass will satisfy most bassheads quite well.		Treble - I don't pay attention to treble, but I can tell it is there and there is really no sibilance from these. I am quite treble sensitive so and noticed no piercing notes when it came to treble, and it seemed to reproduce treble notes quite well.		Mid-Range - All mid range tones were pretty good, the mid range notes can be lost if the bass is too high...but they're definitely noticeable and of good quality.		Vocals - Vocals were more than acceptable in all songs, I could hear them clearly and they were great. Even when the bass was loud and boomy, they shined through...if not a little help from Viper4Windows would fix that right up.		Leak - These don't really leak that much, the bass stays within the headphones but can be heard a little bit...the problem is the mids and highs...they can leak at higher volumes, but honestly not that much.		Noise cancellation - Even just being on the head, these can block noise quite well. With music on they can block out my noisy fan that's about 1 meter from me while being amplified and just on 18% volume. You may be able to hear a conversation that is closer to you at lower volumes, but it should be able to block out quite a bit of noise. These aren't able to block out as much as a specifically noise cancelling pair of headphones, but they can block out some noise.		Portability - These are relatively bigger headphones, you're certainly not going to want to use these when you require good  portability. These can fold and become pretty small, so you can take them with you on a trip so long as they're protected properly.		Price - I don't think we're allowed to discuss prices in numbers in reviews so I won't include numbers, but I got these from eBay for a great price. The brand's webpage also offers lower price, as well...but if you're buying these from Amazon you're making a bad financial choice. Regardless these are worth even the price Amazon has them set at...they definitely belong in this price range.		Brand - M-Audio is a great brand, however they have been bought or merged with another brand so it may not be as good as they once were. They do provide good support and everything, but they're not the best brand out there. They do hold their own weight, but can do better.		Features - They defiantly didn't skimp out here on the features, especially for the price. As you can see in the picture, it does have a detachable cable, which is always a plus. It can also fold as well as do just about everything else normal headphones can do. It could offer more, but it's great how it is.		Extras - This comes with a cable, a 1/8 in adapter for mixers and what not, and a carrying bag that I was unaware of. Essentially the standard extras, but the simple fact that they gave a carrying bag was enough to push it to a 4/5. Extras are always welcome.		Overall I've had 1 full day with these, and am very happy with my purchase. I would recommend these to any basshead looking for some boomy bass, or even the casual listener who like a little kick. These don't have major bass right out of the box, so these can have some good sound quality, but these will still have some bass to them. These are capable of massive bass, that which is on par with Sony's newer XB models so long as you have an amplifier and use your EQ. It can sound pretty much however you want it, which makes it quite versatile in the way its sounds. These are headphones you won't want to miss out on if you've got the septim for them and a taste for bass.		Overall, I would recommend these to basshead and casual listeners who like bass, or those who are looking for a more or less fun pair of headphones.
0,These are sturdy and are working great.  We use them once a week for an Open Mic night.
0,Item as expected, great value.
0,By habit, and in an effort to keep from losing them, I keep a small bowl of guitar picks beside my table. One day, after many years of getting various picks from here and there, and then dropping them into my bowl, I noticed that it was getting pretty full. At the same time I came to realize that whenever I found myself pick diving, I would invariably begin rummaging around, in an attempt to find one of those Snarling Dogs. End result? I'm lazy, so to keep from going through all that effort, they are now the one & only picks that you will find In my storied pick bowl today. They really are that good. They have the perfect grip I need for my shaky old hands, plus, the cool tin they come packaged in, is by itself, worth the price of admission; and as a further bonus, I get to watch the hilarious antics as my grandson's wrestle over who gets to take those home....
0,Works well for me!
0,Nice strings.  I've not really thought much about comparisons.  But I've had these on for two months.  I can pick it up next week, still in tune.  Sound is very pleasant.
0,I've been playing guitar for thirty years, and I've wanted this pedal for that entire time. Unfortunately, it didn't exist until now. Don't you hate waiting for technology to catch up? Thankfully, TC Electronics got the message. They are making some killer stuff, and this pedal is at the top of my list. You can record and overdub multiple parts. Lay down a simple rhythm and solo over it. Practice improvisation for jazz and blues. Work on your scales and harmonies. Write songs. Practice your songs and refine them, BEFORE you ever set foot in the studio.		Basically, if you play leads, this is probably the best investment you can make in improving your playing. It's a lot of fun, too. I wish I'd had this for the last thirty years.
0,Work very well and has a wide range of amp modeling effects.
0,Fairly basic valves.  They seem to be very neutral on tone coloration.		Installed in a Mesa Boogie Subway Rocket for v1, v3, and v4.
0,You can not beat this guitar for $100. What a great product for my son to learn on. Nice finish. Will change strings out but that's about it. Good sound and in tune all the way up the neck.
0,Have been using mine for about a month or so and have had no problems.  Purchased mine for use in my podcast.  I run from the main outs of Mackie ProFX12 to the inputs on the Ultramizer, then out to reference monitors and a Zoom H4n.  I was surprised at how much of a difference this little unit makes.  Could hear it immediately.  Adds a very slick, broadcast quality to the sound.  It also adds a clarity that I could not get with EQ alone.  I have not noticed any added noise, hum or unwanted sound.  For the price you just can't go wrong.  I would recommend the SU9920 to anyone shopping in the price range.
0,Very long and dosent seem to add any noise
0,I like these strings. I have had nothing but problems with Ernie Ball strings, especially the higher ones unravelling at the ball ends and breaking as you are tuning up for the first time after a change. I have also found that the Ernie Balls break easily as well. I have had no problems with these, they sound good, feel good, and they are priced right.
0,Tons of gain. Good gain. Inexpensive but not cheaply made.
0,Works great and 3 rpm is perfect speed 1 guy said 1 rpm IS BETTER, but number 1 you cant change it and number 2  three RPM'S IS JUST GREAT
0,ok
0,The Capo works well but it is really not suited to the younger player. I got it for my 11yo who plays classical guitar and he had a very hard time putting on and taking off the capo. The spring did not get even marginally softer after a year of use. This could be a plus if you are an adult but I've replaced it since with a screw tightening version.
0,I have a Fender Strat. I keep this tuner on the guitar head stock all the time. I play on a daily basis and have not needed to change the battery in months. This is a very convenient and accurate tuning device. I like it better than the Snark.
0,Simple, just what I needed. Nothing fancy and a good price.
0,This is my first volume pedal, so maybe take this review with a grain of salt. Having said that I have been playing bass for 15 years and just didn't need one until my most recent project. It's built like a tank and does its job. Haven't noticed any tone differences.
0,I think mine was a end of the day job. There are marks on the finish and I have had problems with the solder connections on the pickup. Having said that, this is the easiest guitar to play, the action is low and there is no fret buzz.		The trick to staying in tune is to pull the strings and then tune from flat to in tune. Good practice with any guitar, essential with this one. Re-stringing is not easy.		I sheared the brass bolt that holds on the arm rest. Customer service was very helpful and purchasing a replacement was easy.		Travels with me everywhere. I love playing it.
0,Works Wonders
0,It works as it is suppose to, for the price its just an amazing product.
0,The fiio didn't work properly at first. I don't know if it was  a break-in period or a bad wire, but I heard nasty digital distortion anywhere past a reasonable volume from my cable box output. I also noticed some time latency issues. All the other system settings were correct- stereo not dolby, PCM only, etc.	I tried both coax and optical inputs but the problem persisted and I considered returning the unit. Then after a few days of resetting and changing wires the system now works perfectly. I'm using Bose companion 20s instead of home theater, and they sound excellent in my medium sized room.	I'd say that a savings of several hundred dollars is worth a few days of tweaking.
0,These are nice, I like the 1.14 rigidity and these are just fine for me... you will wear them out on acoustics though if you are a more aggressive player as I am.  Once these are worn, as with most picks, they sound considerably different.  Much more grainy and tin-y but that may be a plus for you?  I also like the side edges for a real mellow and / or speeding picking style.  They stay in your fingers well.
0,I have never had one of these but my son recommended it and now I would not leave home without it.
0,This is not the best pa head in the world but lordy it only costs less than a couple of hundred bucks.	It is light, it works, the sound thru my 2- 15 inch spks and 2 monitors is clear enough to practice a band and hear	yourself over the drummer. You can do small venues with it and not have a problem. It is good for the value.	However I have not had it out other than in practicing sessions I do see that a small venue of 30 to 50 people could	be done with it. Don't expect it to do a 200 to 400 person show 500 watts ...actually less than that ...  it wouldn't cut it.	Good luck and don't be afraid of buying it for practice or small venues. Actually I did use it for a small watering hole gig	with 4 members of our band and it worked fine for 50 people that were in that establishment that night.
0,Thanks for checking up on things.. tuner work's nicely.. clear & clean.. thanks again
0,great beginner instrument ... great tone
0,Luv them..
0,good seller I recommend it
0,Perfect; I'll buy a couple more of these to keep handy!
0,Absorbs those sound waves very well. 10/10
0,The Hosa ACD477 is a life saver.  The power supply for my Motorola cable modem burned out.  If I didn't have the Hosa, I would be stuck for days without an Internet connection until the cable man arrived with a new power supply.  I bought the Hosa along with a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/SE-FL89030L-30-LED-Silver-Lamp-Light/dp/B002EZ56PI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">SE FL89030L 30 LED Silver Lamp Light</a>.  All I needed to do was switch the power output from 4.5V to 12V, change the Hosa device plug and I was set.		The Hosa power supply does get warm when it is working at 12V.  The Motorola uses the Hosa's maximum power output of 12V at 1200mA.  Using a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Kintrex-IRT0421-Non-Contact-Infrared-Thermometer-with-Laser-Targeting/dp/B0017L9Q9C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Kintrex IRT0421 Non-Contact Infrared Thermometer with Laser Targeting</a>, the Hosa top part is a maximum of 118F.  I think the Hosa underside, which I cannot measure, gets warmer.  I do not recommend continuously using the Hosa at its maximum output.		Nevertheless, I highly recommend any computer user, anyone who has portable lights such as the SE FL89030L, or any traveler buy the Hosa.  Test it immediately when it arrives.
0,This is now powering my entire effects board and it's doing a great job! It easily connects to a variety of different pedals with the adapters included and there's just enough wire to power everything without cluttering anything up with nests of extra wires. The value is excellent for anyone on a budget or who is tired of full power strips cluttering up their setup. I'd recommend this to any musician who uses multiple effects/instrument devices
0,So far I have installed two of these bridges on my parlor acoustics, and the results have been a pleasing improvement in tone and sustain. Will not turn a sow's ear into a silk purse, but it is a fairly easy and inexpensive way to tweak the performance of your guitar.		Unless you are lucky and this thing pops right in, you will need to do some hand-sanding. In my case, I not only had to take some off the sides and  reduce the height (by a good amount), I also needed to sand the thickness down a bit. All told, about a half hour of careful adjustment, but I love the results I have been getting, and plan to Install Tusq saddles on my other instruments (always keep your old saddles, just in case). I also am a fan of GraphTech's Tusq guitar picks, and especially their bridge pins. All great products.		One handy trick I learned somewhere along the way if you are changing your saddle or your bridge pins BUT your strings don't need changing yet - try to capo your guitar up around the 7th fret (I had to loosen my Shubb capo to get it that high up the neck). With the capo holding all the strings in place, you can take your string winder and loosen the strings enough to pull and replace your bridge pins and/or saddle, and your strings will stay manageable. Sweet. :)
0,awesome
0,I currently have four guitars hanging from these things and none have come crashing down. The rubberized sleeves are gentle on the headstock and hold the instrument securely. Great product!
0,I bought this tambourine to mount on it's own on my rack system. Happily it doesn't rattle much when I'm playing (unless I'm really going to town - but that can't be helped).		It has a nice full and crisp sound, installs easily and plays well. No complaints. It does what it is supposed to do, and it does it well.
0,Screws
0,Excellent strings with a great sound.  Martin quality is alive and well.  Like I said, What more needs to be said?
0,Product does what it's supposed to do; very please, hoping it lasts a long time if I take good care of it. Price was great, delivery fast.
0,Woek well
0,1 OF THE BEST MICS OUT THERE FOR THE PRICE WORKS GREAT. WIRES SHOULDNT BREAK UNLESS YOUR AN IDIOT AND YANKING THE CORD EVERYWHERE. WOULD DEFFINETLY BUY AGAIN
0,OK perfetk
0,These are an excellent value since you get locking, auto-trim, and a high-quality smooth 18:1 ratio turn.  My only gripe is the coloring.  Didn't think much about it when I ordered, but the black mixed in with the silver doesn't go as nicely with some guitars (especially acoustic).  Would love to see the chrome and gold versions of these tuners be "all chrome" and "all gold" respectively.		Small notes: 1) Doesn't accommodate a string gauge greater than about .59, so, for instance be careful if you are thinking of using these on a baritone guitar.  2) you end up with only about a half-turn of string wrapped - this really made no difference since the strings were firmly locked, but it does affect the aesthetics (especially of an acoustic) if you are used to the 2-3 turn classic string job like me. 3) be sure to note the screw position on your guitar.  This particular version puts the screw vertically aligned.
0,For the money, this is an unbeatable deal.  Basically, every thing you need to get up and running; so I think it would be great for students.  As for me, I used to play regularly years ago but just wanted a sax in the present day to add some extra color to home recordings.  As such, I did not need a Selmer or top flight Yamaha.  This fit the bill and reminds me of the lower end Yamahas.  It has decent mids/low mids.  Top end is a bit shrill; but you get what you pay for.		Word to the wise: Check this thing out thoroughly when it arrives.  The only problem I had upon playing was that the octave piece was not working correctly  The problem appears to have been in quality control:  The cork piece that comes down on the opening was misset/misaligned.  I tried to McGyver it; to no avail.  Could have I returned it for a new one?  Likely.  But the time and hassle struck me as not worth it.  I just found a $30 neck on Amazon and while it was not the same color and was not an exact fit, it plays just great now.  So I am happy.  However, if I was in a band where appearances matter, this solution would likely not be acceptable (unless you are UM: blue and gold!). So inspect it or have someone who understands the sax look it over for you.
0,I'm a professional classical musician, play viola, and use this every day. I usually  use it  with the Korg CM-100 tuner clip, which makes it even faster and more accurate, faster and more accurate IMO than the KORG OT-12 which costs much more. I also find it more accurate than the CA-30. It can easily track one note per second, and if my pitch is very accurate so it doesn't have to hunt much, it can even zero in in half a second, so I can actually practice passages with it.  Batteries last a LONG time. A truly excellent tuner.
0,Great product,does exactly what it says.	Nothing much to say about it,its quite precise.	It the couple of months i had it,seems to be working just fine.		<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Oasis-OH-2-Digital-Hygrometer-w-clip/dp/B0018A21QC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Oasis OH-2 Digital Hygrometer w/clip</a>
0,Decent Beginner Guitar, but won't last long.  The nut and the strap lock both broke within a year.
0,Excellent
0,another high quality fender accessory. Great vintage look and feels sturdy.  Looks good with my Fender!
0,bought this for my son.  he uses it a lot.  perfect
0,Products are high quality especially for the money. Had one with a defective end and had a new one it 2 days. Great service and product.
0,I bought this for my granddaughter, to replace her plastic recorder.  She loves it.  The instrument has a sweet, true sound, so much more character than her first one. I was impressed with the level of quality in the finish. The wood is so smooth, and there are no runs or mars in the clear coat finish. Really, I'd say you can't go wrong with this Hohner recorder. Knowing what I know now, I'd definitely buy this one again.
0,Yeah I kind of bought it on a whim, it's confusing as hell first of all. I don't really understand it but it was shipped and explained perfectly as described. :)
0,Nice LED lighting for our band, easy to set up, program, and compact in size..	  For our small band it gives very good effects, and a great price. Remote control	 is not confusing..
0,There are a several different styles of acoustic guitar tuners, and sometimes it can be difficult to decide which one to buy but this one turned to be a good choice. The screen may be a little difficult to read from a great distance, but that isn't anything too troublesome because it isn't meant to be viewed from great distances anyways. Great product.
0,Do you have a Hercules guitar stand? Then this will make transporting it easy. It seems like a gimmick, but I have two stands and it's nice to be able to grab both of them by using the bag straps, and still be able to carry more gear with my other hand.
0,It does help in producing a better fog, only issue it leaves a greasy film
0,Outstanding dynamic mic
0,Great quality and tunable.
0,These are great fretboard markers for my Acoustic- just what I needed.
0,I have used this mic for 4 years to record my guitar amp.  It sounds great, but sometimes you need to play around a little with mic placement to get a good sound.  This mic has been abused, and it is practically unbreakable.  Criticisms:  Mic has a very short range and low gain.  When recording voice you need to hold very close to mouth.  When recording guitar you need to have the amp very loud.  In both cases you need to turn up the input gain on your recording device.		Having said that, this is a good sounding microphone that will give you years of ultra-reliable use.  I recommend it for all project studios.
0,My son uses strings all the time and he tried this set and like it.
0,Great price
0,great product and delivered fast.
0,I was surprised that this was shipped in a big box.  It could be mistaken for an ipad lol.  This gold pickguard will be used for my custom squier once it is reshaped and fixed with a new neck and bridge.  It's my first guitar and I just can't burn it because it gave me such great songs and riffs.
0,These give this awesome metallic sound that is perfect for reggae.
0,Works great and at a good price carries signal as good as my more wxpensive and hand made cables
0,I got these because I hate changing strings on a floating tremolo any more than I absolutely have to.... at first I thought I may have made a mistake because the tone was all off (super bright sounding on first installation).... played for a half hour and retuned, sounded better. Played for another half hour and retuned, sounded even better. Played for another few hours and they sound fantastic. Will update after I get a hundred hours on them (about 50 days from now). Will say that they handle bends very well and dive bombing deep on the trem hasn't hurt them yet.... VERY IMPRESSED
0,This is a little expensive, but it does its job well.	If you setup your guitar often, it is still a good investment.	I have three guitars, so I like this product and used it often when I restring the guitars.
0,Very nice monitor speakers. Rich sound
0,I purchased this to replace the stock white pickguard on a Black MIM Fender P Bass.  It fit perfectly with no modification to either the bass or the pickguard.  Looks very sharp and overall fit and finish is more than acceptable.  I would recommend these for any MIM P Bass.
0,I have been playing music for 37 years, and it has always been a hassle to lug a music stand to a gig. Most heavy duty stands do not fold up, and the cheap metal ones are not strong enough to hold a big music book. Until now. This new Peak stand is perfect for on the road gigs and temporary stage set ups. It is strong enough to hold a 3-4 pound music book, big enough to hold a full sized binder opened up, and will fold down into a nice small carrying bag. Simply the best portable stand out there. All my musician friends are getting them. Trust me, you won't be sorry.
0,Perfect, as usual for rovner!
0,Had more crosstalk than normal sounds at first. Was told that I needed to update the firmware and I have to have Microsoft or Apple software to do it. There were no software requirements listed so that was not good to hear. Tech support referred me to a video that shows a guy playing only one drum, LOL!  I dug into the settings and turned the rim sounds all the way down, now the main pads work like a regular kit would. Sounds great, plays great, and that's what really matters. I would not recommend this as a gift or for someone who wants something that works correctly straight out of the box. I do not regret this purchase. Just be prepared to learn and tweak some deep settings as soon as you get it.
0,Good stand, but the felt on the base left a black mark on my trumpet bell that I have yet to get removed.  I now use the bag to cover the base, and no additional marks are showing, but the damage is done to the silver finish.  Not good! Otherwise, great stand!
0,Schaller straplocks have been an industry standard for as long as I can remember. I still have the first pair that I ever bought, when I was 15.  I'm 34 now.  I've never had to throw one out.  I'm not saying it doesn't happen, but I've owned so many guitars and never once had a failure with this product.
0,Once I got the hang of applying them they are a huge benefit for not just learning to play keyboards but also learning other instruments.
0,You always wonder...did all those 5 star reviewers get a different production run of the guitar compared to what I'll be getting?  Naw!  The guitar is great.  Excellent finish, good instructions to get you going; helpful website info as well.  The BC-08 amp is more than adequate for practicing in my office space; it produces more than enough volume for the rest of my family.  I'll try it when they go shopping at "slightly"  higher settings. The ends of metal frets were a bit rough; a little rubbing with a piece of guitar strap webbing fixed that.  String heights were right on, so no "set-up" needed on the one I received.	I replaced the case as it's a bit thin and replaced the amp cord for one that's better shielded.  This little electric is a great improvement over the action from my acoustic, my finger tips love it.	If you're a beginner or a mid-beginner you could easily pay three times the price of this guitar for your starter electric....why do that?
0,Love the light ones
0,great strap
0,As advertised. Thank you
0,Placed on new Pearl drum set and it rocks!! Tambourine and cowbell are durable with great sound. Worth the price!!
0,I like anything dunlop
0,Very Good Product!
0,Out of the box, my K 240 already sounds 4 star great.  In another 100 hours of use, it will earn its fifth star.		I compared it to my K242 HD and these headphones are quite similar.  The K240 is priced less than 1/3 of the K242.  Kudos to AKG!!
0,I've heard a lot about these strings, and I've discovered most of it is true.  Super Sensitive are good strings, but Dominants are great strings.  The sound is warm yet lively, and they project well.  Dominant brand E strings are notorious for screaching when played quickly so are not the first choice of fiddlers, but this set of strings is three Dominants (G,D, & A) and a Pirastro Gold to get around the screaches - a good choice.
0,I love D'Addario strings. You can't go wrong! And this is a nice deal for a set of 3.
0,I just bought a 2nd one of these pedals, not to replace my current one, but because I got a cheapo 2nd keyboard.  My original one is still working strong over 8 years.  Never had any issues with it.  The spring mechanism feels the same as this new one - great stuff!
0,Great feel and tone.  The 9-42 set feels a little lighter than usual so I prefer the 10-46.  Great reliable strings.
0,This is a nice solid leather strap. It looks and feels great. It holds my guitar up. What else is there?
0,My Taylor guitar (312ce) has the expression system for electronics, and performs best with a TRS cable. I've used this CBI 1/4 inch TRS for a few years now, and it works wonderfully. Sound is much more powerful and full (than it would be with just a 1/4 inch cable). I gig regularly and the CBI is still my go-to cable.
0,My Les Paul guitars are all 8-9 lbs which after an hour or so gets kinda heavy on the shoulder.  Yes This pad is "heavy" as some people have complained about,...But... when it's attached to your shoulder strap and guitar is slung over my shoulder it doesn't matter if it's 20 lbs or 2 ounces!  The weight has NO bearing on how it feels when in use.  And It IS just what I was looking for in a padded guitar strap pad.  100% improvement on shoulder fatigue after playing for extended period of time.  It's Very easy to remove it from one guitar strap and put it on another; otherwise I would buy one for each guitar. ( I usually have 3-4 guitars out when I am practicing )
0,These are great solid State amps -- well worth the price.  Great tone and clarity - perfect for home use and playing with friends.
0,worked great fast shipping
0,I wish that the keys were a little more weighted, however, other than that, it's a fantastic little keyboard. great for beginners! :)
0,Absolutely love it.  Fits my acoustic great and the backpack straps are an excellent feature.
0,Works nicely and doesn't leave lint behind
0,This Behringer Ultravoice is awesome. I was surprised with the fact that it came with a case. Not needed, but totally cool still. The sound is identical to my Shure SM58. My shure SM58 is now 12 years old and has handled being submerged underwater for 3 days and has survived some live use and LOTS of practice. The Behringer feels identical in weight. I honeslty don't see any difference. It's still new to me, but so far seems solid like a rock.
0,Absolute must-have for the Behringer mixing board if you do any recording from it. It works well, very well, but the fact of the matter is if you're recording on a shoestring budget like I am, and cannot afford 500 dollar mixing boards and 30,000 dollar vacuum tube amps, just make the switch to digital recording. I recommend the ZOOM h5 or h6 (depending on budget and needs) since they offer multitrack recording AND multitrack INTERFACING WITH COMPATIBLE DIGITAL AUDIO WORKSTATIONS! It works great for me, using a mac and Adobe Audition. You cut down on a huge amount of noise and get full control over your audio.
0,Thank You Tina ! My ENO Ex guitar Effects peddle board and carry bag are perfect for my needs. Well packed , arrived early, I mean 2 WEEKS early. The item is sturdy and well made & the carry bag is really cool, very nice,  Quickly Trade Co. LTD. product and shipping service exceeded my expectations. There is a nice personal touch when ordering from Quickly trade!	Thanks so much!	M.Gibbons
0,This is a good sounding mini amp. It have a good "clean" sound (it overdrive easely because of it small speaker) but its good for practicing in your home or your bedroom, and despite its size, is pretty loud!
0,Works well!
0,Good quality, good price
0,Using these for a Trembita 218 "Kobza", I've found that the sound is a little too bright.	Quality is good, though, so although these strings don't really do it for me, they're certainly not something I'd toss in the trash.  The Kobza has a sort of Cittern shaped body, so the acoustical properties are probably a bit different than the average 12 string.
0,First, I did not buy this through Amazon and I have no affiliation with the company that markets or make this case. This is a great case and I just wanted to express my appreciation for it...hopefully the price will not go up...		I have a number of polyfoam guitar cases (Gator, Knox, Access, Cordoba).  Out of all of them, the Prorockgear dreadnaught case is the one I use when I travel and it has protected my guitar in multiple airline checked baggage situations (always put 'Fragile' on the case).  Recently, it was not placed on my flight from Detroit to NY and the guitar and bag finally showed up intact after 16 abusive hours in Delta's careless hands...; the guitar sitting next to me now.		Durrability and Protection:	The reason I chose it as its fairly cheap to replace if it gets damaged, very sturdy and I have not had any defects.  The nylon covering is just like what they make good quality ballistic nylon suitcases and it wears very well and does not show dirt or scuff marks,  There are no loose threads or problems with the zippers, or loose strap attachment rings, even after several trips... .  I have dropped the case from four feet onto some stairs, where it slid 8 feel, with no damage to the guitar.  The case with guitar inside has taken some other potentially harmful tumbles and no damage to the guitar.		Storage:	The inside storage is big enough for several packs of strings, tuners, Capo and a sound hole humidity gauge.  The outside pocket is big enough to put cases for my DIs and cables (not recommended if you put it on a commercial airline).		Compared to:	The Gator outer material seems slightly better  but it has more extruding edges that will probably get caught up in machinery involved in commercial airline transit.  Also the walls on my Jumbo Gator case seem thinner but I have not measured them.  The material on the Gator case feels the same. I don't really like the Velcro clasp around the handles nor do I like the single handle or plasic rings for the strap attachments .  This is the only polyfoam guitar case that is big enough for my baritone acoustic guitar, so I am kind of stuck with it and I have not yet traveled with it.  I think this was more than twice the price of the prorockgear case.		The Access case is a nice padded case and it really is not a hard pollyfoam case but I am including it because it is kind of stiff padding.  It survived a couple of airline flights with no damage to the guitar.  I would classify this is a great heavy duty gigbag but not really something you would want to have things stack on top of it.  This was a comparatively expensive case bought at a high end guitar shop.
0,they work just fine and are reasonably priced
0,I'm a guitarist by trade, but this tenor uke has made me change my story. This was a birthday gift from my wife(I picked it out first). I love playing it so much that I've rarely put it down in two months!
0,Great seller delivered as expected,I will order from them again!***** Great product as expected.
0,It is a bit flimsy, but it is priced right.
0,This is a very handy item to have when you need to connect your guitar effects with power.  Its easy to install and keeps things simple.  No more extra messy cabling.  Glad I got it.  Thanks to Amazon for the quick delivery.
0,I have these in in about six of my basses. They are clear and very articulate. Agressive sound and very hot. They are my favorite bass pickups. They go great as a PJ set with the Jazz bass quarter pounders. Highly recommended.
0,Lots of pluses and one minus for this tuner...	On the plus side, it's very compact. It takes up very little room in a gig bag. It attaches easily to the headstock and the display is clear. The accuracy is fairly good. Good enough to get a sufficient tune. Battery life is very good and, for the money, the value is excellent.	On the minus side, it can be a little finicky, as far as where the pitch falls. It jumps around a bit, so it's tricky to see where the center of the pitch is. It just doesn't lock in as well as I'd prefer.	So, for the most part, the Pitchclip is a good tuner.
0,This is exactly what I was looking for! Great HD sound, clean and in a pretty good condition with no damages!!
0,Excellent quality and very heavy duty.	They look great too.	A+
0,Ok.
0,This is a sturdy little unit for your smaller instruments.	Sits nicely up on a table.	Collapses easily enough, down to almost nothing.
0,2nd purchase, Good Stand, Will buy again when the time comes.
0,This is the 2nd one and I will get another when I have a 3rd Ibanez!
0,Work as expected but the plastic look & feel is quite cheap
0,I bought this for a small beater practice amp. Something I can toss in the back of the truck or use on the back patio at times. I have a Fender Champion 100 2x12 and Bugera V22 tube amp. Neither get moved much or used outside.		Firstly, is it as good as amps 3 times its price? Of course not! Are you going to get the tonal ranges of a digital modeling amp? NO! What you do get is a great no frills solid built, solid state amp for the price. Cabinet, switches, knobs, grill cover, handle are all as good or better than a lot of amps out there. Controls are simple, easy to use and understand. Clean channel is surprisingly good for its price point. Unfortunately, the G20 doesnt have reverb, but the mid-shift is a nice feature. The con is the dirty channel. Its not anything to brag about. If your into high gain metal this aint for you unless you're going to add effects later.		If you're looking for a simple amp with a good clean channel and built like a tank. For the price the G20 is hard to beat. Especially when you catch it on sale at GC for $50
0,This tuner is very accurate for bass and guitar. The metronome feature is handy too.
0,I received this as a gift, but I thought I would share my thoughts here.		When it comes to microphones, I'm a bit of a perfectionist. It has to sound just right and not take up too much room when I record gameplay and even call on Skype, and the Samson Go Mic does just that.		The switchable patterns are a nice feature, and all work very well for their intended purpose. I was most surprised, maybe even blown away by the audio quality that this tiny mic is capable of. When placed 4 inches from my mouth with a pop filter in between, the kind of sound I was achieving was akin to professional podcast/voice overs.	In the box was the Go Mic, an owners manual, an install disk of Cakewalk's "Music Creator LE" (not needed for the Go Mic to function), and how to use the two if you so desire.	Also in the box was a carrying case, and microphone stand clips if you need them.	I've used this for about 7 months now, so here's my sum up:		PROS:	1. Clear, warm and crisp Bass & Treble	2. Amazing portability & ease of use. It really is as easy as plugging it in.	3. High quality audio that you would normally find in a sub $100 mic	4. Zero latency playback through the 3.5mm headphone jack (standard headphone size) so you can hear exactly what is being recorded		CONS:	1. Ball & socket connection is made of a fairly cheap plastic (Ball. The socket is a very heavy duty plastic), and will bend/split under too much drastic adjusting	2. Will pick up vibrations from surface its placed on if using the zinc clip as a stand, and may tip over if tilted at an awkward angle.		Overall this is a fantastic purchase, and I would definitely recommend this to the occasional Skype-er, or professional YouTube-er
0,Great Product
0,Does the job and does it well.
0,Nothing fancy, but a really good deal.  Obviously it's not going to be as nice at the $100 plus thrones.  But for something inexpensive and portable, this does the trick.  And it appears to be more heavy duty than some of the other budget thrones.
0,i took these to class and we all tried them out. we all loved using them. we had a blast like usual. these are the best from the best company around. i took a chance and gave them a try and it proved to be a very pleasant experience. the quality is superb.
0,I have 12 String Swings to display all my instrumenys. They keep them handy to play and looking good on the wall.
0,Very well made. This thing is built to last. Good for professional use. switches are heavy duty and should be trouble free for years of heavy use.
0,Works great. I use it routing my condenser microphone splitting to my mixer and then into my VoiceLive and back into the mixer.  Can't ask for more!
0,Great and cheap
0,Good value for the money.
0,These cables are perfect for my sound reinforcement business. Right size right color. right price. I will do business here again!
0,This pedal will last forever.  I have not had any battery problems with it (I unplug chords when I'm done with them) and it is made from hard durable steel.  It is easy to adjust the sound and to do simple things such as change the battery.  You can adjust the tone, the amount of distortion, and the level.  It comes with a little packet of tones that tell you how to get different sounds (although its much more fun to mess around with it before looking at that packet.  I recommend this pedal to any guitar player looking for a new sound.
0,CABLES!! They work
0,very nice
0,pretty piece of gear - lots of uses - knobs do feel cheap - let's lay that one to rest - but unless you're cracking coconuts with them they should last until the apocalyse - i mean plastic has a half life of some millions years before it starts to retrograde.		but the studio one glitches and contact, they both glitch and i cannot use them. i wanted to decide to use one daw, and was prepared to thorw all in with presonus, but - the daw doesn't like my steinberg ur22 so it keep reverting to windows audio - i mean, no audio program i have ever used defaulted to windows audio - this just a serious disconnect going into 2019		2019 - space age - presonus can't make 5uc4in6 daw software for their hardware.		it's a shame it's ashame it's a cryin shame.		four stars are for the hardware - and no star for the software, but who cares really - software is a dime a dozen - i'm probably gonna get reason at $300
0,Works perfect
0,Just for context, I'm playing on humbuckers, into a Orange combo amp.		To be honest, I pretty much bought this pedal for the s-bend effect, and I've been pleasantly surprised to find that that part of it is what I tend to use the least, as the rest of the effects offered are actually quite musical (maybe besides the chorus or "detuned" effect which is just meh). The pitch shifter effect is actually incredible sounding, and with the ability to choose up to three voices, allows for some really cool stuff to happen to any simple riff you may have. It's nice when you go from three voices above to three voices below, and realize that what you are playing can practically act as two entirely different sounding songs.		That being said, the s-best feature is crazy awesome, and definitely worth the price on its own. Yes, it can produce some funny stuff, but when you've dialed in a nice pitch shift with some overdrive going, it's like nothing else.
0,These aren't usually my go-to strings, but D'Addarios are a good, solid sounding string. They last fairly long when taken care of, and don't usually break too often. I DO like that they sound kind of bright without being overbearing. They will continue to be my 2nd string of choice, as they've not failed me any time I've purchased them. Definitely recommended.
0,Im very happy with this mixer. All of the effects are very clear. The flanger effect makes me sound like Rodger singing Computer Love. I dj and My partys are the bomb now! Thankyou,Amazon.
0,This strap is the regular nylon type of strap. It adjust a to the standard lengths.		The cool parts are the end pieces: the black ends with the holes for attaching to your guitar. Instead of black leather on one side and rough hide on the other-both sides like a puffy, Spandex/Lycra material. It's a little squishy and won't scratch your guitar up.		I'm not a vegan, I have lots of leather items at home...but this is BETTER because it WORKS better: it won't crack, flake or scratch the paint. I put this on my new Ibanez JEM and it worked just fine.
0,This thing is my best friend! Easiest thing to use ever, I use it for my ukulele every time I play and my husband uses is for his bass sometimes. It is accurate and did I mention anyone who can read can use it? So glad I purchased it when I bought my ukulele. Never slips off, and hasn't been wrong yet and I've had it since June. Easy to replace battery too.
0,...saw Leo Kottke using this in 2012.  I researched it, bought it and never looked back.  Is it insanely expensive?  Yes.  In my life's experience, when you lean toward "Cheaper," you almost always wind up with that little, haunting voice resonating in the back reaches of your mind, "You get what you pay for...you get what you pay for...."  When I allow myself to be smart enough not to let the seemingly high price of something scare me off simply on its own account -- and then do some thorough research into the matter -- having determined the item's worthiness and subsequently gone ahead with the investment, I nearly always hear that little voice in my head, "You did good, this time...so glad...."		Like I said, I never looked back.		I play a Guild F-50, and three Taylors -- a Mahogany GS mini, an LKSM 12 (in C#) and an LKSM 6 (in "standard" tuning).  I use the G-7th 6-string and 12-string capos. (See my review on the capo.)		Get it.		A Special Note on Tuner "Issues":		I never have had a problem with the tuner foot-button engaging the tuner -- never...ever...never...not once.  There is a "Time-Out" feature, for lack of a better term, that I have a recollection of encountering.  After engaging the tuner and then getting involved in dealing with a distraction which lasts, say, longer than would  normally be expected to tune the first string since engaging the tuner (or what would be longer than normally expected for moving to the next string after having tuned the previous), the tuner must be cycled through a couple button clicks to re-engage.  It is my suspicion that something related to the "Time-Out" feature is why others are making claims that criticize the tuner's reliability.  I can tell you; I never once saw Leo struggle with the tuner`s reliability, and I have "never...ever...never...not once" had to deal with un-reliability in any aspect of this device.	Is it really, actually possible that L.R. Baggs would market and then allow to remain on the market this high-end product if the device was not reliable with regard to the interfaced tuner?  Really, "guys," ya might expect that of, as an example, the $39.95 CRONCO Super-amper DI Mini Mixer.		I never once saw for myself (or heard about) a major music industry entity making a negative critical remark about the tuner reliability of the LR Baggs Venue DI Direct Box.		This L.R Baggs device is a fine, high-end DI.  It's worth the investment, and it will make you glad you bought it.	Learn the proper way to use the device...learn its ins-and-outs...and as Confucius suggests, "...look within...."
0,very good quality
0,nice quality, performs nicely
0,Perfect for any beginner. I love to sit and play my little uke. I'll probably move up in a few months, but for now this ukulele is getting me through just fine. I would suggest for children and/or adults that are just starting out. I have the white and my daughter has the light blue. The string need tuned every time I pick it up, but that's with any new set of strings so don't be discouraged. I bought better strings but I haven't restrung yet. For now, I'm playing with the original everything and enjoying it! The sound is beautiful and the discipline is much the same as guitar so It isn't extremely hard to begin...although it will take time before I'm very good :) great product for the price and worth looking at.
0,ok
0,These were a definite hit with my Metallica crazed son.  A couple of the pics are replicas of the ones James Hetfield uses on stage.  They are put away and won't be used.
0,I like this!!!  For musicians in the studio, mic placement is sometimes a struggle, but this lets you place a mic pretty much wherever you want (as long as you can mount the base somewhere) and whatever angle you want.  for radio talents (DJs), and pod casters this is great because you can set it where you need it immediately - and it stays put until you move it again. GOOD product.
0,Standard XLR mic cables that work great. No problems or defects found.
0,Perfect
0,Great cables
0,I gig weekly with GLS Audio cables. They are road tough and after a year of using several of them I've yet to see a failure. Definitely recommended!
0,Great strings, good tone and great price.
0,Amazing!  Qotsa tone for days.
0,I use this on my M-Audio 61 Keystation keyboard. Works perfectly connected via midi to my Focusrite Clarret 8prex thunderbolt 28 channel mixer. Works perfectly in Logic Pro X for sustain and rotary speaker operation on a Leslie cabinet. I do wish I bought the 3 pedal version of this. I didn't realize that I could customize the pedals so much in my daw. Very heavy and the pedal is solid metal. The spring tension is just right too!
0,WORKS LIKE EXPECTED. MANUFACTURE WOULD NOT STAND BEHIND THE WARRANTY. HAD TO REPLACE.
0,Fast shipping, Works great, Low price. I use it to tune my Electric Guitar and Bass
0,While I use many other strings for my 4 strings, in fact currently enjoying a surprisingly good sounding set of Famous #351 on my Fender P Bass 4&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Famous-351-Strings-Bass-Guitar-String-Set-Medium-Gauge/dp/B000BD1A3M/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Famous #351 Strings Bass Guitar String Set (Medium Gauge)</a>&nbsp;, for my Fender P Bass 5 there is only ONE set of strings that will do, and that is Blue Steels. With other 5 strings the B goes dead and lifeless all too quickly, and the warmth of the tone just dies out. With the Blue steels the bottom stays fat and juicy, and the highs sparkling, for several months of hard rocking. You really can't beat a good P-5 and Blue steels, the combo will never let you down.
0,Thanks
0,Husband ordered this item and says it works great.  A learning curve for me but he was happy and very satisfied with product
0,Excellent wireless.  Sounds great, no latency...VERY affordable
0,Pros: Noticeable improvement in tone on my Ramirez after replacing the sponges in my Humicase after a week or so. No need to worry about water leaking out of a sponge and into my guitar. Also, no need to worry about refilling anything for quite a while.		Cons: Pretty expensive to use this system in dry climates as the packs can wear out pretty quick.		Other thoughts: Those who are supplementing this system with sponges in the case are completely missing the point of having a sponge free humidification system which is this product's intention. The purpose of these packs is to keep any direct water contact away from your guitar, which is where sponges can fail if overloaded, or if introduced when humidity is already at a peak level.		I keep an evaporative humidifier in the room where my acoustics are stored which keeps the overall humidity in the room closer to 40% and it helps the longevity of the packs.		In the end, anyone with a solid top guitar and proper case will benefit from this product. It may be expensive in the long run, but to me it is akin to putting oil in you car to keep things running smooth. A properly humidified guitar is the only way you can get the best out of it. You wouldn't deprive your car of oil, would you? So why would you deprive your guitar of essential moisture?
0,These have become some of my favorites.
0,I bought this for my daughter's Daisy Rock purple heartbreaker guitar (it's a perfect match in color by the way) and it works out well. She's only 5, so she's small and thin. When tightened up, it works pretty well with plenty of room to spare. The shoulder strap is thick leather with a small amount of padding and seems to do okay for a small amount of playing, but I cannot attest to how well it will do with long sessions. Also, I have a ukulele and wanted a strap that would hold up my uke in the right position so I tried this out for me (and I'm not thin) and when adjusted to it's longest length, it seems to hold the uke at the proper position and not fit too tight, so I'll be purchasing another for that purpose. So all in all, for the price, I think it's a fair deal.
0,Good quality adapter.
0,I'm no professional singer, but this thing stays on the mic stand, looks great, functions perfectly, and I couldn't be happier with it.
0,More fun than I thought it would be, works great and has me messing with my bass more often now.
0,I just bought a new steel string guitar (a Luna Parlor guitar), and found a 'heavy' version of one of these picks in the guitar case. I have never used a thumb pick before, and began playing with it. I quickly fell in love with these picks, but the heavy version was just too stiff for me, and was so tight on my thumb, it began hurting after an hour or so of practicing. Or ordered a set of these mediums, and they are perfect. They stay on my thumb just fine, but are not so tight, that they hurt after a while. The added 'give' of the medium also makes it easier for me to to the finger-style picking I do.
0,MAY 2009	I bought these for near-field recording monitors, and I think they are fine for that.  But I haven't had much time for recording, and I have mostly used them to listen music on my PC, and for that they are also wonderful.  Very natural sound, and they will play plenty loud!  I have used them to record bass tracks that go down to about 40 Hz, and there is plenty of sound in the bass range.  The variety of input jacks makes it easy to connect anything you like.  They are only 7.25" wide and 10" deep, so it's easy to have them on your computer desk.  And you can put stuff on top of them, so you really lose very little space.  If you want compact monitors with a big, natural sound, I think these do the job. The bottom of the cabinet is covered in rubber about 1/16" thick, which isolates it, keeps it from sliding around, and avoids damaging the table.  Very nice.  Not that it matters much, but it's also a cool-looking speaker, with the yellow cone and the rubber surround on the woofer, and the KRK logo lights up when it's turned on.		ADDENDUM FEBRUARY 11, 2012	Several years ago, I bought a Yamaha S90 keyboard. Supposed to be great. So I ordered it without having played it or heard it. Also bought a Barbetta keyboard amp. Expected hi-fi piano sound. Didn't get it. Played the keyboard through other good keyboard amps. Still didn't sound like an acoustic piano. Bought expensive Sennheiser headphones. Sounded much better, but I didn't want to wear headphones. Bought Rokit 5 speakers and loved them. A few years later finally hooked the Rokit speakers to my Yamaha keyboard. At last I'm getting a reasonably acoustic-sounding piano sound!! It's 3:25 AM and I'm having so much fun playing the keyboard through the Rokit speakers that I don't want to stop and go to bed. The Rokits sound amazingly similar to the sound of my Sennheiser HD 600 headphones, which means they sound very good! I am VERY happy with these speakers!
0,tough to even strech this into a full review...this is a no brainer! great strings, an industry standard at a great price, what's nor to love?!?
0,Excellent quality, fast shipping, and good price! Will definitely be ordering more of these
0,I bought this right after buying my Taylor 814 because I wanted to make sure it would be protected and not tip over on stage! I am really impressed with this stand and absolutely love the pressure triggered lock. It is easy to set your guitar into and take it out. It adjusts in height, assumingly to allow you to keep your instrument cable plugged in, which is good if you keep it plugged in (I don't because I don't want to drain my guitar battery). It folds up to a nice storable size and is a quick and easy set up and tear down. I would recommend this stand!
0,Not an expert with ukulele, but I like the sound and feel.
0,They hold their tune well, they're tough yet they are soft enough to bend. They sound full-bodied with rich overtones and a strong fundamental. Great for jazz and blues.
0,I've had pretty good luck with this so far. Works great on my banjo as well as my guitar. It locks down really well and stays in tune. Super low profile
0,Great Sounding Strings At A Great Prices
0,These GLS Audio XLR(F) to TRS balanced patch-cords are well made and use good quality connectors which seem to fit typical XLR and TRS connectors well.  I've opened the connectors on a few of the cables and found clean, well soldered connections.  The actual cable material is very flexible, doesn't "kink" and the multi-colored jackets are useful to color-code output lines.		I've purchased many varieties of Orange County Speaker/GLS audio cables, and always found them to be of excellent quality.  The connectors used are not made by a known "major brand" manufacturer like Neutrik, Cannon or Switchcraft, but appear to be well-made, and seem to have tight physical tolerances.		Otherwise, they work as expected.  They fit snugly, make solid, low-noise connections, look great, and are priced  fairly.	Highly recommended!
0,Look good. Sound good. What else?
0,Really better than expected...cases have been very durable so far ++++
0,For initial and maintenance tuning I use both the Evans Torque Drum Key (ASIN B0002D0HZI) and the Rhythm Tech Memo Key (ASIN B0002E2EOE). Both of those devices use a torque setting to attain even tensioning around drum heads.  However, for final tuning I use this dial, which uses actual head tension instead of lug torque.  The head tension method is not only a more accurate indication of how well your drums are tuned, but is also more accurate when attaining a setting.  Here's why - the torque type tuners can be thrown off by uneven lug resistance, even when you pre-lube the lugs.  When you are measuring actual head tension you are not dependent upon the mechanical parts, such as lug screws, lug float, etc.  You are measuring directly off the head.		Using this dial does consume time.  First, you need to have each drum on a flat surface (you cannot tune them in place on your kit).  This means that you need to do an initial tuning, lift the drum to test the sound, and repeat until you attain the sound you are seeking. Once you do, however, you can be assured that the tuning will be uniform across the drum head.		There is an edge gage built into this device that allows you to test head tension at any point on the drum's head diameter with the assurance that you are measuring precisely from the edge of the diameter.  This, like the head tension itself, is important to getting the tune setting you want and makes it repeatable.		Among the more time consuming aspects of using this versus the torque type tuning tools is the fact that each drum is vastly different and will take a lot of trial and error to get them where you want them with respect to sound.  For example, when tuning my toms using the torque tools I mentioned above I could use the same setting on the batter sides of each tom, and an offset setting on the resonant sides and then tweak them to get half an octave difference when going from my 8x10, 8x12, 9x12 and 14x14.  It is not as easy when using the dial for the first time because the acoustic properties of each drum requires more attention to myraid details, such as a tension ratio between the batter and resonant heads on the toms, and the actual tension settings for each drum.  If you work through each drum, though, you will be rewarded with a kit that is perfectly tuned. Even the cheapest drum kit will sound like a high-end kit after taking the time to tune them with this dial.		Since there is a learning curve, expect to spend at least 30 minutes per drum the first time you use this, then an additional hour after you get each drum tuned tweaking the entire kit to obtain the octave separation you want.  If you write down the settings for each drum the next time you do a tuning it will take a fraction of the time.		Do be aware that if you change head types you will need to go through the entire process again because heads can completely change the dynamics of your kit. For example, settings for toms using Evans Hydraulic heads will probably not work well if you switch to Remo Pinstripes or Remo Fiberskyn heads because of the vastly different sound qualities of these heads when compared to one another.
0,Works great and easy to use!
0,made my zildjian hybrid shine like a new dime . took off a star because i still have to do the work to shine em
0,I've been using these strings for 20 years and they work perfectly for me.
0,It's amazing Sax reeds are never the same. An occasional reed gets tossed.
0,This moving head fixture was easy to setup, and operate.		Though the fixture is not a gobo type, it does produce a bright, beam which is very narrow, and great use in haze, and fog.		The fixture uses four LEDs, a red, blue, green, and white to produce an interesting display of colourful beams which the moving head swings about the room to the beat of the music in sound active mode, or to whatever program a DMX controller might provide		When you first plug in the fixture, out of the box, straight from the factory, it will start in dark, or black-out mode. Just hit the menu button a couple of times to cycle through to the modes where the fixture is producing continuous light, and then select your desired modes from there, then hit enter for the fixture to remember your settings on the next power up.		The fixture has two fans, one inside the base, the other in the head. You can hear the fans, and that's one of only a couple of minor drawbacks.		However, in a crowded room, with music playing, you'll not likely hear those fans.		The other drawback is the power cord. it's not removable. However, should you ever sustain damage to the power cord, you can actually open the unit, unplug the cord from it's main board, then loosen the hex nut securing the jacket of the electrical cord to the fixture, and remove the damaged cord. You simply need to keep the jumper, and leads from the old cord, solder in the new cable, tighten it in place with the nut, and then button up the fixture, and you're good to go.		I was able to fit an o-clamp to my fixture, no problem. It's much easier to unscrew the mounting bracket from the fixture, affix the o-clamp, and then reattach the bracket. You'll then be able to fly the fixture on a truss, or T-bar, or you can remove the bracket, and let the unit sit on the floor.		The unit has modes that allow it to fire the LEDs when music is played, and kill them when there's no sound. Or, you can have the LEDs continuously on. Either way, the head will also move to the beat. There are a number of different LED patterns to select from.		You can connect a DMS controller for an even more impressive display of light and motion.		The menu display is nice, bright, and large enough for a legally blind person like my self to see,  no problem.		The LEDs make a 2x2 pattern, or a kind of gobo, if you will, that consists of the red, green, blue, and white. One colour for each of the four dots. Anywhere from 1, to all four may be on at any given moment, depending on sound, or programming. The spread of the beam is quite narrow, very pin-spot like, and the width of the dots stays fairly narrow, even at great distances, until you get into a 100 foot wide room, and then the size is noticeably larger, but not much. That's why this fixture is great for fog, and haze.		Sometimes you will notice the beam flicker, almost strobe like, depending on sound, or programming.		I like how small the unit is. Makes it easier to transport.		Definitely, you'll want to keep the foam packaging to protect the unit in transport, even though you might have a gig bag for this size fixture. Just that much safer.
0,This works fine for me. I did not want to replace batteries all the time so this is works great for me.
0,a good tenor sax saver at a reasonable price!
0,Good thick fog. used the machine as posted on YouTube. [...]
0,Fits perfectly over my keyboard.
0,Controls my pops and whistles! Great product and fits the Behringer C-1 perfectly!
0,Very easy to work with, simply sand width/height to fit, improves tuning stability relative to bone, brass, or other common nuts. Sounds good, great bargain. Recommend using pencil to add graphite with each string change for flawless tuning stability at the nut.
0,I bought the cases as gift for friends--very nice!
0,I forgot how small 12 inches is. However, they look nice and were delivered on time so no complaints. I f you don't want to glue or use double sided tape on your walls then I would suggest these: Premium Colored Push Pins - 200 Pcs (black) They work great and blend right in.
0,I run these on all of my acoustics.
0,Fantastic for the Snare drum. With an additional studio ring overlay, this head instantly gave my snare a deep fat 70's sound, with no ring, yet the head is tight and snappy. Just what I was looking for. The coated heads tend to sand my nylon stick tips down to nubs in about 5 hours of play. This head is not abrasive like the coated ones. I'm hoping that problem will be cured as well.
0,There are a lot of cheap EQ pedals on the market, and most of them work just fine.  But I opted for this Caline model because: (a) I have other Caline pedals and appreciate their value and build quality; (b) I wanted one with a master volume/gain control; (c) I wanted one affordable enough that I didn't have to feel sick about breaking if I used it improperly.		I got the CP-24 primarily to use with my guitar amp - it's excellent in the effects loop, where you can most purely impact EQ frequencies without then feeding those into a preamp, which itself has its own tone stack.  You can also use it as a volume attenuator - set up your amp for the tone you want at any volume, and then roll back the gain using this EQ pedal in the FX loop.  Works great for home/apartment practicing!		Guitar frequencies are more narrowly focused than this, and most frequencies below the 100Hz level are below what the guitar actually puts out.  So you don't "need" a 10 band EQ, per se, but having one gives you more precise control.  For example: maybe you want to boost mids, but really want to boost LOWER-mids, as opposed to a Tubesceamer-like effect.  The CP-24 allows you to do that.  I also want it because I could see using it with bass, synths, and other gear that much work more in a full range of frequencies.		The pedal itself is built very well, though I wouldn't put a lot of stress on the 11 slider knobs, which are plastic and could break off if rest or drop other things on top of it.  The CP-24 is a great affordable option if you want a 10-band EQ and can't afford something like the MXR version.
0,Great quality!
0,Loud, Bass Booming, Treble Baking, The Speakers Are Worth The Money.		Even when it sounds low to me in my room my mom screams at me because she can hear them. The bass is awesome, likewise on the treble. I'm glad I have these, their a big help!
0,Picks work fine
0,great sounds
0,work great
0,great product
0,Gift for my brother, he was really excited that he could stick it wherever he wanted. He was very happy about the gift. Works great
0,looks good, sounds good. a bit short but its great. not sure if the sound quality is better, but it sounds on point.
0,Vrery good! A must have to maintain you guitars.
0,Essential for those who take care of their guitars.
0,Granddaughter likes this product.
0,Very easy to use.  Great price.
0,Perfect size for my remote sound device, and voice synthesizer.
0,Perfect for clean the freats
0,Satisfied with these. Sound great. I really appreciated the colored ball-ends to identify the strings.		UPDATE:	Downgraded my rating because the 3 unwound treble strings tarnished in specific spots within 2 weeks. The strings that I had on my guitar for ~5 weeks (prior to these) showed no signs of tarnish. Not sure why these degraded so quickly. They still sound fine however, and the lower wound strings appear fine.
0,Not rocket science, they work and are good quality.
0,good
0,Great Product!
0,This vocal mic is the best.
0,High quality, great tone, great for blues, rock
0,Great little plug for one use. This is a one trick pony. The tone has little effect and the gain is basically another volume. This does not behave like a tube amp, contrary to some reviews. It sounds pretty much the same whether I am using the bridge or humbucker on my Les Paul and similar to all pickups on my HSS strat. The bottom line is it is not responsive, AT ALL. However, the upside is that is gives a nice classic distortion sound and is absolutely perfect for sitting around practicing. I use a set of earplugs and just put one plug in my ear while sitting on the couch watching tv and practicing. I have a tube amp and a couple of modeling amps that I use when I want to turn up the volume but this little amplug gets used more often. If you want a way to keep it down, and only a set of headphones to plug in, this thing is perfect. For $30, every guitar player should have one to avoid playing your electric guitar unplugged when working on your chops. I would give it five stars if the manufacturer was a little more honest about how the circuit emulates tube amps (which it does not).
0,very easy to install and works with various size headstock/neck sizes!
0,I ordered these to (again) full fill the $25 min required for free shipping.		The ones I received were far different than what was pictured.  They were smaller and thicker.  This might sound lame being that I am writing a review, but I haven't even opened mine or used them yet.  But they "look" very well made, are thick, small, and "contemporary" looking.		Ill try to take a couple photos and upload them later.		These are good/high quality drum keys.  I still feel the best value/choice for a drum key is:		CODA DH-001 Drum Key	Price:  $1.49 & eligible for FREE Super Saver Shipping.	In Stock.	Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.		$1.49 each and they work as good as any other!
0,This good product from Creative, my brother use dailly no problem at all. Thanks
0,I've always been pleased with Graphtech. It seems to give more consistent results and it's easy to work with. It doesn't have the issues of creating dents and grooves easily like plastic and it gives a higher ring than bone (not always good though, depends on the harmonics of the instrument, IMO)
0,Best swab I've used. Has plenty of surface to do the job well. The large surface is a real asset.
0,great value, retail normally changes a $1 a foot.
0,Love these. Fit perfect and very durable
0,These are the best strings money can buy. They won't tear your fingers up if you work the neck and they last 4 times as long. A real no-brainer. Plus the tone is AMAZING.
0,There are some things in this life that you don't want to have to think about, and your tuner is one of them.  You have enough to think about on stage without worrying about your tuner.  It is fast, reliable and looks great on the pedal board.  It is true bypass and doesn't add a bit of noise nor suck any tone at all.  Your brand preference will guide your decision, but don't shy away from this well-made piece of equipment.  I would buy it again.
0,My go-to strings. I've got these on every guitar with all sorts of different pickups and they sparkle on each one. It's amazing what difference in tone a string can make! I use these on Teles, Strats, Gretsch hollowbodies, Jaguars, and everything in-between. The 10-46 is a perfect gauge for many scale lengths and is easy for leads & bends, but heavy enough for my pick attack. I use these in Standard and Eb tuning and they work well for both. I have played EBs for years and will always come back to them. All my guitars and basses are strung with EB now and I won't be looking back!
0,Makes tuning your guitar a snap....dead on accuracy.
0,This stand is really nice. Works great.
0,good
0,If you want a great little light for a great price, this will do the trick.  It doesn't cover 2 pages perfectly, so if you are needing really bright on both pages...get a bigger light.  For me, it covers both pages well enough for my needs and the price was great.
0,I play a vintage1959 round neck Dobro set up for traditional playing.  I usually play with a traditional hold and a brass SlideRite slide on my little finger, being shy of the lap playing style as limiting and awkward... until now!  This is absolutely, bar none, the best Dobro bar I've tried. (Mine is 4.3 oz. contrary to the Amazon description) From steel to copper to brass and glass, I've found found bars too heavy or too light and awkward to hold.  This one is just right.	The contours for gripping this bar are very comfortable, allowing for a relaxed hold that delivers a wonderfully clean, clear tone. It floats over the strings with the lightest guidance.  I love it!
0,these picks are nice to use along with a bit of finger picking.  I usually use my thumb, 1st and 2nd fingers and this pick accents this style of playing.
0,The EXP16 are the strings recommended by Alvarez for their guitars; they are right. The EXP16's are the best sounding strings I have ever used on my vintage Alvarez 5027.
0,They are the perfect combination of gauge and quality! Also, they can be purchased on this site for a substantial savings over the "Big Box" on-line, type music retail stores!
0,Purchased for a friend, and he enjoys them for what they are.  He is more into metal drumming and he was curious.  I thought they were a great choice, are easy to store away and are easy to adjust the brushes.
0,This tipper is balanced and in league with the Double Slope Tipper I reviewed, too. It has good length and heft and is made, like the Double Slope Tipper, of a dense wood.
0,Works great. Love how I can adjust it whenever I need to and fold it up to store away.
0,I didn't get my Fiesta Red Bullet Strat from Amazon, but got it from another online music store. I was very leery when I ordered it, thinking that something this cheap can't be good, but I was wrong. I also have a Squire Jaguar, but after getting this little red bullet I haven't picked it up. The playability, sound, and quality are amazing for a guitar of this price. Mine will go out of tune pretty fast if you go heavy on the tremolo, but other than that it stays in tune pretty good. I wish it had better tuners, but I'm very happy with it, and have a ball with it. I call her Little Red. Oh, and it looks great too.		Update 8-30-2014:		Still loving the Fiesta Red Bullet Strat(Little Red). It is a fun little guitar to play. The playability and sound are amazing. I bought a used 2012 American Standard Stratocaster. I had 30 days to return it for any reason, and after about 15 days I returned it because I liked playing the Bullet more. I know it sounds crazy, can't believe it myself. I think the main reason I like the Bullet is because it has a thinner neck than the American Standard, so it is easier for me to play. One thing that bothers me about the bullet is it will go out of tune when I hit the tremolo, even if I try a little Hank Marvin type light tremoloing. The used American Standard I bought was missing the tremolo arm when I received it, and I first thought "no big deal I'll just buy another tremolo arm", but I was able to tremolo it by pushing down on the bridge, and it went out of tune about as bad as the bullet, so I just returned the American Standard for a refund.
0,I wish I'd bought this years ago. It works perfectly with my existing hardware and is comfortable and easy to use.
0,This is a seriously cool little tuner.  So simple to use.  Just hold down the power button 2 seconds to turn it on, attach to your guitar headstock, and start tuning.  I have (soon to be HAD) many different tuners and this one is by far the simplest and most accurate one I've ever used.  Great idea to make it so it swivels and rotates as well.  Wish I had this years ago!
0,These are very good cables for a pedal board, except for 1 thing.  The ends are insanely bulky.  If you only have a handful of pedals (as I do), or you don't use a container and just have them loose, then it's probably fine, but if either of those are not the case, then you will likely have spacing issues.  I'm satisfied with the purchase, but if space is limited, you may need to find other cables.
0,This is easily the best guitar stand I have (have 5). So solid, well padded and grips the guitar very nicely. If you have Gibson guitars or acoustics it really is perfect. There are two very minor concerns but not enough to take away a star. The width between the two "holders" is a tiny bit wide for Fender Stratocasters - the guitar sits nicely but you can't just plop it down on it like you can with a Gibson shape. You have to "place" your Strat in there and then it's fine. With acoustics it's great but I wish the bottom two extensions were an inch longer. The stand is also very solid for acoustics just wish the extension was tiny bit longer. All that being said, this is a great stand and better than most. For Gibsons it's 6 stars; for Fender guitars maybe 4.5 stars.
0,Excellent!!!
0,I use these on all of my guitars. I've never had a problem with leakage, and in dry Colorado I use them year round. Just remember to periodically check and (if necessary) re-wet the sponge, and all is well.		A couple of tips. First, there is a plastic ring that goes around the softer part of the device that goes in the sound hole. Remove this plastic ring, because it isn't needed to secure the guitar and could potentially scratch your rosette or the top of your guitar. Second, you don't need to fully insert the humidifier on both ends of the soundhole, particularly if you keep the guitar in the case. I've found that the humidifier works just fine with only one of the "tabs" inserted in the soundhole. Any moisture that escapes will benefit the rest of the guitar and not just the inside.		I've tried other humidifying devices, and I think this one is the best at a reasonable price.
0,Been using this for a few months now, I'm pretty satisfied. For less money than a focusrite or other 2 input style interfaces, you get way more inputs, and way better preamps and some nice software tools. The headroom is great on the preamps, they are so hot I had to buy attenuators for a few of my low ohm microphones. I use the interface for drums, I need to use an attenuator for the overheads and snares because they were clipping at zero gain settings. The preamps are failry transparent and quiet, only until you turn them up to 90%+ you introduce noise floor. It comes with software reverb/compressor/desser they can be enabled for each input individually while recording. The unit can also be used as a mixer for the PC. The latency with asio4all is really low, I get something like 4-5ms on guitar rig.		Now the cons: it freezes often, while recording, or while mixing. I don't know who is to blame here. I'm using windows 10 pro, and it's a garbage OS that freezes often, so I don't know if the unit just doesn't work well with Win 10 or if the unit itself is at fault. For the amount of hours I use this, it doesn't freeze much, but when it does, it's a huge pain, I need to reset the interface and sometimes I have to restart my recordings. I was previously using audacity but audacity will only recogznize the first two channels, so I had to switch to sonar and it works very well with the interface, all 6 channels get recorded simultaneously.		Overall, I'm pretty happy with the unit for the price I paid ($130), I don't see myself replacing it with something else until it breaks, or until I need more inputs.
0,great seat especially for heavy load.
0,This is the first USB microphone adapter which I bought.	It is easy to use and carry it to anywhere.	The sound is good in the 100 dolors.
0,VG quality cable - quite sturdy and works well. Recommended.
0,This mic is perfect for home recording.  Great sound quality, easily installed.  I love the 1/8 in microphone jack on the mic and the adjustable ability to blend the monitor sound to the headphones between the microphone input sound and the recording or backing track.  Excellent value.
0,Works great.
0,I used to use a Smart Gate, and it just didn't cut it.  While the Smart Gate will kinda fade out your noise, the Noise Clamp immediately cuts your signal as soon as you stop playing. However, it's very responsive to your playing.  It will not cut you out--only the noise.		I have this running in the 'X' configuration exactly how you would run the Boss gate.  Rather than explain I'll give you my chain: wah-tuner-Noise Clamp INPUT-Noise Clamp SEND-compressor & preamp fx-AMP INPUT. FX Send-EQ-Noise Clamp RETURN-Noise Clamp OUT-mod fx-time based FX-loop return. This allow you to filter out ALL noise.		The above config is well-documented online. I play through a 5150 III and wanted to control the noise of my amp channels as I don't use a distortion pedal. I don't play metal either; just hard rock.		I almost bought a 2nd Smart Gate but Noise Clamp solves it all.		The only thing I hear is ME. When I'm not playing you hear nothing.
0,Quality Product
0,I bought a couple have this. The price is great for a 25 foot balanced/TRS cord with one right angled end. I can use them on all my gear, with the expectation of using them for a speaker cord.
0,I lost my trusty slide and really miss it. The Dunlop 220 feels heavier and looser on my little finger than my old timer but, it does sound sweet. If it was just a bit smaller diameter, that would do the trick. My old timer had enough corrosion inside to keep it secure so, a brand-new, sleek fit isn't a plus in my case. The Dunlop is well made, as expected. It's just not the Antiques Roadshow model I had in mind. Hmmm, might be a new product idea - rough up the inner surface and come up with a catchy name.
0,I choose this rating because this is a very good and sturdy pedal. I would recommend this pedal to anyone.
0,This is an outstanding piece of gear.. what it does it does extremely well.		1. Acoustic guitar tone.	TC have mimic'd the resonance of the body of an acoustic guitar in some way.. there are 5 basic acoustic "models" to start with, and each has quite some degree of flexibility in tone. bottom line is a MAJOR improvement in acoustic tone from a piezo based guitar.		2. Mic tone	With doing nothing at all, there is an adaptive tone, de-esser and compressor added to your vocals. instant improvement.		3. transparent pitch correct based upon key detection from guitar (or aux) input.. Not saying you cannot sing, but having 50% level is transparent and very effective.		4. programmable harmonies based upon key & chord detection.		5. tuner and looper...15 sec with undo/redo		thats kinda it... there are a bunch of presets that you can change store recall for song sepcific setups.. but not these are predominantly dor the vocal tone/harmony/effect.. you effectively have ONE acoustic guitar tone... but then again.. thats all most need		This is a great deal, offers a lot, and finally you can play your acoustic amplified without cringing over the tone.
0,I started classical guitar lessons last December. I needed to purchase a guitar so my teacher was nice enough after my first lesson with him to accompany me to a guitar store to purchase my first guitar (a classical guitar). I knew nothing about guitars at the time and when I had my lesson in the studio with him was pretty much the first time I'd ever laid hands on a classical guitar. So I appreciated his help. He asked me how much I wanted to spend and since I wasn't sure how long I'd be playing and whether I would like it enough to continue for a long time, I said that I wanted a beginner type of guitar that would be reasonably priced. But I said I definitely wanted a brand new one. So we headed down to the Guitar Center store (by Union Square in NYC). And my teacher took me to the back where they have the acoustic guitars. He picked out 2 different guitars, a Cordoba and a Yamaha and he played both of them for me so I could hear them. He played Romanze on both guitars so I could hear the differences. And then asked if I wanted to try them but i was too shy so I said I trusted his judgment. He said both guitars were good guitars and left it up to me to decide and I liked the warmer sound of the Cordoba and I liked the natural finish (I didn't like the shiny finish on the Yamaha). So I picked the Cordoba C3M. It's a really good, solid, high quality guitar that sounds great. And for the price point, it's really a good value for a beginner student guitar. The first couple of months were tough. My fingers were always sore and raw and my teacher said that it would take a while for me to build up the strength in my fingers and wrists. And that eventually I'd build calluses and it wouldn't hurt as much but it was taking forever for that to happen. I was struggling a lot with my playing and I would get frustrated. I couldn't go for more than 15 mins playing before i had to stop because my fingers would hurt so much. It got really bad to the point that I wouldn't practice anymore and my teacher was getting concerned that I was getting discouraged.		One day I forgot my guitar at home and I had to play my teacher's instrument when I got to the studio. And I was shocked, I went the whole one hour lesson without my fingers hurting at all. They weren't raw and didn't hurt. So I mentioned this to him and he felt stupid not putting 2 + 2 together sooner but he said that it was probably my guitar. (Ah! It was not me! It was my guitar!). He said that the action was probably too high and I had to use a lot of pressure to push the strings down to get the right sound and that was what was causing my fingers to hurt and get too fatigued too soon.		I also have small hands so I have to really stretch and strain to try to reach all the strings and use a lot of pressure when trying to play barre chords, etc.		I have since purchased a couple of other different classical guitars trying to find one that would suit me better and I think I have. I have other guitars with narrower fretboards and short scales and lower action that are much much easier for me to play.		I have to say that Cordoba's are really well made and they sound very warm. The tone is good, the notes really ring out and resonate and sustain if played correctly. But I find that for me, it was just too hard for me to play this guitar.		However, if you have decent sized hands (just to illustrate the difference, I am 5'1" and my teacher is 6'3" with very large hands and long fingers so of course he can play any guitar with no problem) this is a great student beginner guitar. It sounds great, is great quality for its price point and its very good quality. But it just didn't fit me unfortunately.		I might at some point take the Cordoba guitar in to get adjusted, perhaps get the action lowered to make it a little more playable for me but I have switched to a different guitar now and I am playing that as my regular guitar. I will keep my Cordoba though as it has a lot of sentimental value as my very first classical guitar.
0,Good stand for the money
0,This isn't my favorite guitar tuner, but I like it a lot. The display is crystal clear and you can get in tune pretty quickly. The accuracy is sufficient, but if you have a very discerning ear, this may not be enough for you. It's solidly-constructed and securely attaches to the headstock of my guitars. Snark has a good reputation for dependability and the value is pretty good on this one.
0,More than just a surge protector.  I feel confident my equipment is protected.
0,Good product  !!!
0,good product, quick delivery
0,PERFECT for what I needed them for.	I bought the smaller bushings to begin with, only to realize the ones I needed were twice the size...	These were actually a little large for my old, junky Synsonics guitar I was modding for fun, but I just sanded the holes a bit and they slid in nice and tight.		It's hard to find a problem with a few simple, nicely-cut pieces of metal. As it should be.
0,I play out every week, and can get 3 months out of these. Love um! When they get tired they are hard to keep in tune. Example the tuner will say that it's in tune but the sound/tone will be slightly off. This is my indicator that it's time to restring.
0,Sound great, last long and comparably inexpensive. My only complaint is that they don't make these in larger gauges.
0,the machine looks cool
0,This footswitch works great with all of my amps. Fender makes really good produproducts and this is no exception.  I use it mostly on a 15 watt tube amp for the reverb. I like how small it is too, fits well on my pedalboard. If you need a single footswitch, this is a great option.
0,First, the reason I didn't give this Fender a 5 Star review.  I love everything about this guitar except that it was in a box that was not padded or protected by bubble wrap or anything else to keep it from suffering any damage in shipment.  I thought the pickups were also a bit weak.	Now I've given the ONLY negatives, I will tell you what I REALLY think about this.	The pictures in no way do justice to this, it's a masterpiece!  I am so happy I chose this combination of wood, color, etc.  It is stunning!!!  The workmanship is flawless.  It fits my body like a glove, almost wrapping itself around me.  I love all of the controls of volume and tones on the guitar as well, making it possible to do most adjustments for sound choice on the guitar itself rather than constantly going to the amp, although at times you have to do that anyway, depending on what sound or effect you're looking for.	As a beginner, owning an acoustic first, let me tell you this thing is so much easier to play.  I can reach all of the chords with ease, the playability is so much easier than the acoustic.	I tried other electric guitars at my local music store before ordering this one here on Amazon and ordered this one because it fit me.  I am so anxious to get GOOD at playing this.  They say you can't teach an old dog new tricks but I'm 57 and just learning to play and loving every second.  I play until my fingers HURT!!!  I'm told that will go away but playing this makes me feel GOOD.  AND I actually sound good too.  I LOVE this thing.  So, I would HIGHLY recommend this to anyone but would also ask the manufacturer to pack it a bit better and an instruction manual would be nice as well for those of us who are beginners with electrics.	Time for a quick edit:  I loved this little Strat so much that I bought an American Strat to go with it.  WOW, what a difference between the two but it's cost a LOT more!!!  I've been playing for about two months and OMG, give me a music book and I'll play along.  Practice, practice, practice.  I'm into doing riffs and playing complete songs.  Still use this little Strat too, but use the American and I have a Gibson Les Paul.  I know, getting carried away.	I would still buy THIS guitar all over again, it's the nicest looking one I have.  My only complaint is that the pick guard already looks like crap but I have a new multi colored red one coming, it will really spice it up.  UPDATE...one year later and I own more guitars than I can count and will always have this one.  I now own quite a few American Strats as well and the difference is substantial...but so is the price.  I have modified this one a bit since buying it, adding a custom pickguard, changing a few external components and it still looks brand new.  This guitar is a great purchase.
0,Nice picks!
0,Great Mixer
0,Great.  As expected! Thanx
0,I've been through a few thumb pick brands for banjo playing and these stand out far above the rest. As a plus, for the ivory ones, you can see clearly on the bottom where you strike the strings. This is good as a general guide for your technique, but I've used this to guide my filing of the pick to the shape that is most appropriate for me and it's really helped my picking.
0,My teen loves this and thinks it works great. Thank you.
0,bought for daughter. works very well. she tunes her own guitar. small enough to fit in guitar case. battery easy to install.
0,I've been playing for a long time, and I've owned, played, or sold just about all of the top brands.  The tone and volume right out of the box were a real treat, and I'd pick this guitar again over any of the entry level dreadnaughts from other major brands, and even some of the midrange.  The standard Epis, Fenders, and Ibanez at a higher price aren't in the same league, and Martin's own authorized clone can't touch this.
0,These are by far my favorite Jazz III picks, they allow the speed of the Jazz picks but give a brighter sound. They are also easier to grip.
0,Reasonable price and simple design.  Just what I was looking for.
0,I have had a number of tuners in the 50 years since I first strapped on a guitar. The Snark is, simply, the best of the lot. It tunes my acoustics, electrics and basses with equal ease and accuracy. It is an utterly fantastic product.
0,nice
0,They are good but didn't end up liking them as much as I'd hoped. Didn't keep my thumb as stationary as I'd hoped.
0,Great price even if it's for just one strap lock, I ordered two at once and they seem very sturdy and look great on my guitar.
0,We use these at the church and they turned out great for the price. we went back and purchased more we were so happy.
0,It's the best ever design.  I love it.
0,Flawless.
0,Greta product - made really well - feels like it will last forever.
0,Great quality. The carry bag is a plus.
0,Great tone in front of a Marshall, Boogie, Fender, just plain Great Overdrive, NOT DISTORTION, sheeeeesh Label it right, Amazon.
0,Well built, easy to use.
0,I just received this drum and I'm pleased with the way it looks and sounds. I think I will have it tuned by my teacher, but I'm confident I can play and do my homework on it. The dums are decent, the Teks so-so (but this might actually be because I'm a beginner). I'm petite and this drum is not heavy or uncomfortable for me. The case is all nylon so its good for transporting it around but don't expect it to protect your drum. It is covered in fake leather which I have seen that it wears and tears ugly, but I'll wait and see if that happens and when. The drum also comes with a second head, both are synthetic, and a little allen key to tune and switch heads if necessary.
0,Great capo!  it's a little large, but not so large that it gets in the way.  Holds all 6 strings down evenly without buzzing or bending the notes... Can't ask for much more out of a capo.		Side Note: it is camouflage, so don't drop it in the woods or you might never find it again.
0,I am just learning to play the Q-Chord, but I really like it. I have never had much interest in stringed instruments, I guess I have never tried very hard to learn how to play them. What attracted me to it included the headphone jack so you can quietly practice (this also pleases my wife that she does not have to hear it). The best way to find out about the Q-Chord is to do a "Google" and check out the website. Also, join the user forum. I think between playing with the Q-chord and keeping up on the user group, most people that get one don't have much time to post info on Amazon about it. Get the case, too if you plan on taking it anywhere and you also don't need to worry about storing safely. Good for people with limited use / mobility of the hands and vision problems, so I hear.		I have been playing the Qchord for a while now, and I really like because it does not go out of tune, but you can "de-tune" if you need to so you can play with other instruments. I play in a band, and it really rounds out the sound - I play it like an Autoharp and on the "banjo" voice, without any of the accompaniment or bass. I usually play a mandolin part on the upbeat with it. Just be prepared to have people ask you what it is!		Be sure to get a strap if you want to play it while standing (as I do) - see comments for sites...
0,Great accessory wire.
0,The only straplocks I have ever used in over 30 years.  These are the best.  Shun all imitators and buy these.  You won't be disappointed.
0,A solid shure bass mic!
0,I read all kinds of reviews. I am retired and played a kit of Slingerland 1954 . I study jazz guitar. I can't believe how good this sounds. I was surprised to find a piano and an organ to back me on tunes. This unit can cover your backside in spades with really good sound. I bought this and did not expect a lot for the money. Was I ever wrong. That having been said, you do need to know what to look for in a good sound. With a bit of tweaking ... you can get it. The right sounding amp is important. Good cables help. A really good unit for basic sound backing. I never sounded this good. Kodo's to Zoom. Very well done.
0,It is 5 feet long.  It is a Midi cable.  It is inexpensive.  There's not much else to say about it!
0,The whole reason I bought this is because you can change the tube I have an extra jj 12ax7 that I'm going to try. It's definitely a high gain tube screamer nice rich sound it is a bit noisy I think if I just find the right tube it'll be fantastic. I love the classic style and the smooth switch. It works great with the Nux tube overdrive but I'll experiment with this pedal more on its own after I change the tube
0,The first three strings follow the transition increase from 11 gauge for the high E. The change happens at the 3-6 strings. They increase is 10gauge increase between each string and ends at low E 52 gauge.
0,An excellent keyboard! With a huge configuration options!
0,I hesitated for years because it was so expensive but Wow!! What sound. Was I wrong. It is worth every penny. Comes with 3 interchangeable plates for different tones. I couldn't stop playing it. Unreal.
0,Excellent cheap pedals. Well worth the price. You get what you pay for but not in this case. the pedals are worth more than what they are selling for... mainly because they are so cheap! good pedal are like 100+ - 200 + dollars. So minor sound issues or connection problems are to be expected, but if you have a problem with anything tell amazon... they will refund the product if you are not satisfied. I was overly satisfied and surprised. The chorus and or the delay are both great pedals for the beginning pedal board and even are pedals to use as a major part of your set up on stage. :)
0,These are reliable, inexpensive strings that sound good on most guitars. EJ16's give you a good "happy medium" between bendability and sustain. When I'm recording I prefer Thomastik-Infeld Spectrum Bronze SB111's -- fantastic tone, rock-solid intonation, and long-lasting -- but also cost about twenty bucks more than the D'Addarios. I use the D'Addarios for gigs and guitars I don't record with.
0,I've been playing a Hola 41" Classical dreadnaugt guitar I got on Amazon (now discontinued?) for 2 years and absolutely LUV it. However my body and the guitar just don't fit well so I  tried a parlor guitar but hated the tone and inaccessability of my fat fingers on the frets and I returned it to Amazon. Then I found out that Hola made  3/4 Classical and thought I'd give it a go. So glad I did. I now have two great sounding guitars. Fell in LUV with the 3/4 right out of the box and so closely resembles the 41" in sound, tone and beautiful craftsmanship ! I don't know how they do it in China with such iffy product values but Hola has managed to produce a quality guitar and I'm amazed. Worth every dollar compared to so many overpriced varieties. Mind you I'm an intermediate player who sings and plays for my own pleasure....professionals may have quite a different opinion!
0,Perfect for a musician on an budget
0,Great Price
0,Works well
0,great kit, wires are enough for a complete rewiring. the only thing is that 2 of the pots are below spec, 234K and 237K. the switch is perfect. will buy again.
0,My wife kept asking me to get an acoustic guitar so she could hear the music I'm playing (I've have an electric that I play in headphones), so I started looking for a nice, reasonably priced acoustic.  Initially, I thought I'd be able to find one in the $125-150 range, but everything I played in that price range either sounded dull, or was constantly going out of tune while I was playing. So I upped my price range and found the Yamaha FX370c.  A very nice guitar, electric/acoustic.  Unfortunately, the guitar store had a Yamaha FGX700SC next to the 370, so I tried that. Much better tone, solid top.  Ok, so now I'm in the $300 price range, so I tried the other $300 guitars and the Fender was the only one that was, at least to my ears, better than the Yamaha.  It had a richer tone when playing acoustically, and a better pickup system when playing plugged in.  Both were nice guitars, the Yamaha a little brighter, but especially when I had one of the store employees play the two guitars one after the other for me so I could hear how they sounded from the front, the Fender won hands down.  Even the store employee said that altho he usually recommends the Yamaha in this price range, he could tell the difference right away: the Fender had better tone.  I would recommend you actually PLAY any guitar you are considering in a store before you buy it, then research prices online.
0,This thing works great, I've used a lot of different muffle systems over the years and this one is the best, to me.
0,Some of the notes register out of tune using my new Korg CA-2 Chromatic (set to 443), which showed another harmonica of a long time harmonica player's harmonica as being in tune. Some beyond just a bit sharp or flat.	Is this normal for MB?  Key of C
0,Needed some chorus in my tone and this fit my budget. I have owned multiple Behringer products and trust the brand. It is a plastic casing but I don't tour so that won't be a problem - I needed the effect and it gives it. Fully adjustable for depth, tone, warble and volume. Don't spend $200 on a 'boutique' pedal - get this one.
0,This awesome MPD has proven durability, precision, and longevity. the only problem is that the chord is a bit short : / Works great with ableton and other programs. once you get to understand the program that comes on the disc to set this bad boy up. you can use it for Reason, FL Studio, Cubase, Ableton, and some others that I don't remember at this moment. This thing is a champ.
0,This item is fantastic; if you're looking for a WELL built (it's sturdy for a pc device) multi-audio input, this is a GREAT buy.  Phantom power, on-unit separate monitor and headphone levels, 1/4" and XLR inputs - this is one of the best things I've ever purchased on Amazon.  The software I got included (Ableton Live-Lite) is VERY well laid out and complete - and (at least, so far) has been updated through several Windows format changes.  Focusrite products have been, for me, solid investments.
0,Works as you would expect
0,I'm normally a D'Addario user.  I put DR DDT strings on one of my guitars and decided to try these on another one as well.  They sound great and they have a nice smooth feel to them.  I wouldn't put them on a floyd rose bridge because of having to trim off the ball end and these are round core which makes you run the risk of them unwinding.  For my fixed bridge guitars, though, I'm switching to these.
0,Lot of fun
0,It is a good case for the money and the materials it is made from. Loose fit on a Martin or Martin dreadnought copy. But I prefer and ABS case for my prize guitars and will pay the extra for them. If you have a slightly large dreadnought these should be a fine fit. They provide adequate protection for most factory level guitars but if you have over a $1000 in your guitar I would look to an ABS better case.
0,Exactly what you would expect.
0,Its great! I fitted it to both my classical and standard acoustic with no problems! Playability isn't hindered, its mildly difficult to install, and it looks real and beautiful! I always get compliments on my inlays and people think my $90 and $150 guitars are in the $600 range.
0,I received the item as describe.
0,This bow is very nice looking.  The Gold and the inlay are beautiful.  Once I got used to the different feel I really came to love this bow.  I have had it a couple of years now and wish I had given it longer before reviewing.  I may just order another one.
0,simple classic nylon strap.  i refuse to play anything else.
0,Works perfect
0,works just fine
0,This is an excellent guitar humidifier. Simple and easy to use.
0,Great product so far.  All the reviews raved about this cable.  Hope it hangs in there for a long time.
0,....that's a lil' Clapton joke there.....sorry. I posted a picture of the Phostenix mod of "Doc's mod".....I put this is in two of my strats (the ones that didn't already have one...soon to be three...which is why I am on this page now)....and love it. For the .022uF I use a Sprauge 196p Vitamin Q, for the .001 I use a MojoTone Vitamin T oil cap...cause I can't find a vitamin Q in that uF. What this mod does...you have actual tone control...across the board....and still have growl even when you are cutting frequencies. It (the modification from the standard strat diagram) does make the guitar signal a little lower, so you have to turn the amp (or board or pedal or signal processor...you get the idea)...up a bit to compensate....and unless you have one of those pig box amps..... that clip to your belt...who cares...because it gives you tone CONTROL....it doesn't sound like you threw a pillow over the amp cutting highs...and the lows roll off evenly.
0,Absolutely awesome! Crystal clear precise vocals. Very smooth all throughout the eq. This mic is perfect for my acoustic performances. The first thing I was told was how they could actually understand every word I sang! Wish I'd bought this mic years and years ago
0,Fine
0,The sound is impressive and I can play as much as I want even when it's 3 am, and no one will be bothered by it.
0,Perfect for keeping some of my favorite picks close.
0,I purchased 6 of these for my church ukulele players and haven't had any problems with them.  I've also gotten a couple of the "BestDealUSA Clip-on Guitar Tuners", and as far as I can tell, they're exactly the same tuner, made by the same manufacturer but with one having the Lanikai brand name on it and sides which are white instead of the lanikai blue.  They contain exactly the same features, and the displays look exactly the same. So, I would probably continue to get these BestDealUSA tunersin the future instead of the Lanikai:		<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/BestDealUSA-Clip-on-Guitar-Tuner-For-Electronic-Digital-Chromatic-Bass-Violin-Ukulele-LCD/dp/B009FVRDGO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">BestDealUSA Clip-on Guitar Tuner For Electronic Digital Chromatic Bass Violin Ukulele LCD</a>		I like these tuners for my beginners because they have a "Ukulele mode" (in addition to guitar, bass, violin and chromatic) which makes them easier to use for beginners.  If you are a musician and don't have a problem with chromatic tuners, the snarks are fine too.  The "Best Deal" tuners are probably the best bet for-the-money of the ukulele-specific tuners.
0,It's amazing how authentic these drum beats are! It even has beatbox in the Voice Folder. lol. This pedal is fun. I, however, wished there were a Gospel folder or a soul folder. Sure, some say that most of gospel is just religious lyrics mated to music of different genres like country, jazz, Latin but I think there are some beats that are better suited to gospel music so far to me there aren't many on here but I only got the pedal this morning so i'll give it more time. Thus far, I've hand-picked the following for some of the songs I play at church:		Caribbean/Calypso for choruses:	Spanish Rumba (World folder)	Plena (Latin folder) can be used for, 'I Know Who I Am'	Calypso (Latin folder)		There are 10 beats for Jamaican reggae. No beats for Trini Soca.		Hymns in 3/4 timing:	Waltz (World Folder) e.g. 'We're Marching To Zion'		Songs like, 'Every Praise' Brooklyn Tabernacle Choir: Pop 6- 8ths (Pop folder)		I look forward to updating this review because there seems to be a lot of online resources to increase what you can get out of the pedal. The online product info states there are over 3 million songs available for download from the online library so my journey has really just begun. Somehow I am confident that I will find more of what I am looking for!		Thanks Singular Sound!!!
0,Kicks ass it makes me want to play, I have a Vyper VIP but the knobs are stripped its a great amp but the Fender blows it away get it,play it,LOVE it. It's very programmable when you get deep into the amp settings and it opens up a whole bunch of options that sound great is it for metal? Yes don't believe all the reviews that say it isn't you really need to take the time and play with it.
0,Great Rack, Light enough to move from gig to gig yet heavy enough to make sure your guitars are stable.  Sets up really quick and has protection all around the "touch points."
0,came before expected and was just as described
0,I bought this as an upgrade for a mic I use for commentaries on my Youtube videos.  My old mic was the Zaxx Sound SF-666 (I'm not kidding).  I upgraded so that I would get a more rich, focused sound by use of a USB audio interface (M-Audio Fast Track Pro) with 48V phantom power, as powered condenser mics get a better sound, generally.		The Zaxx Sound is still useful, but it uses an 1/8" (3.175mm) integrated male plug that works great for cell phones (headphone / mic jack included) and came with a USB interface for a PC that wouldn't have a mic input.  The cable is neither balanced, nor shielded, so I wanted something a bit more professional without spending hundreds.		This mic is great, and as I have a desk mounted mic boom and tend to bang my arms on the desk, the shock mount works flawlessly.  I cannot speak to the functionality of the mic through the included XLR to 1/8" cable, but would imagine that without phantom power, it's not going to be very sensitive to sound.		I realize this is not a Shure, Rode, or any of the plethora of high end mic manufacturers, nor am I trying to compare it to those.  For the money, especially, you can't beat this mic.  It seems to be of fairly durable construction; the included shock mount as well.  The sound is nice and clear with 48V of phantom power going to it.  If you've got an interface that'll handle XLR inputs, and a way to supply phantom power already, you can't beat this gem.		5/5 for quality of build, value for the money, and sound clarity.
0,great sound as usual. sounds great in the little SDA church
0,Boom.
0,Excellent product, arrived in the estimated time am very satisfied, I recommend this product
0,The guitar picks are very nice and after significant use they don't wear out as much as other picks do, on top of that you get 12 so they will last you awhile. Only issue I had was the fact that the red .5mm picks are way too thin for me, I don't really know why someone really needs something this thin considering the sound they made which is sort of like flicking the strings, but still good overall. Ill be buying a heavier gauge next time
0,It works great for five of my lower power pedal type items, including my Line 6 wireless receivers, Shure wireless receivers, and several other pedals like my Cry Baby, etc., all at once.  However, the transmitter for my Shure wireless in-ear monitor, which requires less power than any of the other two items combined, will not run, even by itself, when powered by the 1 Spot.  Switching power supplies like this can have a mind of their own, and there is probably some little quirk in the Shure transmitter circuit that this power supply doesn't get along with.  For most of my stuff it works great, and eliminates a bunch of extra power supplies and cords.
0,You want these on hand when need them
0,Great sounding, long-lasting strings that don't go dead after a week of playing.  Excellent for those of us who have several guitars and don't want to spend our lives changing strings so often.
0,I like it but it is not easy to punch in and out.  If you want to use this product there is a real learning curve.
0,These are my go-to strings for all but one of my dozen or so electrics.  Wish they still sold the 5-packs in those tin cans.  I loved the cans!
0,Great budget mic. I use it in many of my covers on instagram, it sounds really nice and is durable.
0,Best strings
0,I actually purchased the 1/16 size violin. My daughter is 3 and loves it. I did some research and it's unanimous that you should not buy a violin that is too large. Be sure to size accordingly and don't buy a violin figuring your child will grow into it. Get the right size for them now and they can play it for some time. Too small is okay, too big is not.		This violin is so cute, it was difficult to not dip it in chocolate and eat it. Pretty sure it will be a wall hanging after she outgrows it.		For such a tiny instrument, it is a completely functional violin. My fingers are way too large to play much of anything on it, and my daughter is still learning how to do more than practice the open strings, but she can successfully play all the open strings individually (and we haven't had it a week yet).		FYI, If you get one of the How to Play Violin books (Suzuki, Essential Elements, etc...), they all have accompanying YouTube videos for all their lessons. A three year old is happy to watch those and mimic rather than listen to her dad tell her what to do.		Also, Kennedy Violins is a great shop. Very easy to communicate with. Great place to turn to start learning violin.
0,I used this bridge as part of a restoration of an 25 year old rebuild of a student violin. Worked great. New strings, bridge and tail piece and a little elbow grease, good as new!
0,It's extremely functional for more than it's advertised for.  Excellent product from DW.
0,Perfect, just as described and works perfectly. A+ all the way.
0,Instant tone magic. these are the thing you're looking for.
0,Rated for up to 150 pounds, I think it'll handle most lighting setups.		It's built fairly ruggedly, but there are some things I take issue with. First, there are four springy clips pins which go into the ends of the truss, and allow for quick insertion and locking of the truss tubes into the t connectors that slip onto the masts. I don't like these because it wouldn't take much to loose these guys. I'd recommend putting a bit of duct tape or something in the tube end to stop the pin coming out by accident. Also, if you don't do a pull check to see the tube does not come out of the t connector, you're asking for disaster. Do a pull check. Only takes a second that could save a life by preventing truss failure.		I'm not particularly happy about the length of the stand stands. They don't fit in the On Stage truss carry bag. Also not happy about the fact I can't use the T-bars from my old push-up truss which is also an ADJ truss. The mast diameter is narrower than the push-up truss' stand masts, so I have to redesign my lighting setup. The stand masts are HEAVY. But then they do have cranks on them. After searching a lot, I did eventually find the T-bars for the crank 2 system stand masts. It would have been nice had these been included with this product. Now I'm looking at spending another 75 dollars to get the proper fitting T-bars for this rig. Why make customers have to search for stuff that should be included?		The cranks are easy to use. Some folks have complained about the clicking when raising the truss, but I prefer it, because that's a good way to know you're going up, not down, which is silent. Not mentioned in the manual was how to reverse direction. There's nothing you need do, but just crank in the other direction. Make bloody well sure not to loose those safety pins, and buy backups.		I did find it a bit difficult to join the two 5 foot section of truss, and get the center piece to go into position, but a handy hammer influenced the part to do my bidding. :)		I did not appreciate the lack of washers for the bolts, so off I go to the hardware store for about 50 washers.		Would have been nice if ADJ had provided more than just "a" Velcro strap for a truss system. LOL		Also very concerned about the welds of the diagonal braces in the truss. Each brace is only half welded unlike the way my old push-up truss was made. I'm very nervous about that, and may well hire a welder to reinforce the welds of the diagonal rods. I'm also contacting ADJ about this, as I feel this could be a serious safety issue if you approach the 130 to 150 pound load limits. We'll see. I wish ADJ would launch product fail under load videos to show us what happens when limits are exceeded.		The manual was only partly present in packaging. I had to find and download the pdf of the manual.		I don't fly heavy loads of lighting anyway, so I should be ok, but I'm certainly going to use the stands from my old truss to fly supplemental lighting on in addition to this one.		I do like not having to battle with pushing up a fully loaded truss though.		I recommend you build or buy a utility cart to haul this 75 to 80 pound beastie during load-in / load out.
0,I love this recorder. It has so many great features and is completely capable of producing professional quality audio in the right hands. It is a powerful little machine. Paired with some rechargeable AA batteries and you are set for some awesome recording!		Some cool key features are:		You can use this an an audio interface for your computer	You can use it as a USB microphone for your computer	You can use it as a multi-track recorder		What a cool piece of equipment! I use it all the time and love it. Zoom is a great brand. If you do not need a full sized microphone jack, the H2N is also a great option that in some ways is even better than this unit, depending on your applications.
0,I love Ernie ball Cobalt. I have used other lines of ernie ball like RPS and Nickel but Cobalt is awesome. It's really worth the price, are not cheap but believeme "You will love the sound quality"
1,I've tried this in two different pedal boards in multiple locations and it just doesn't work for me.  Not one little bit.  I may have a problem in the power beyond what this can fix, but in one situation, it actually magnified the hum.		I guess I'll go back to my noise reduction pedal.  I was so hopeful that the Hum Debugger would be what it promised to be.  The way they described the design, it sounded like it would work better and be less intrusive than my noise reduction pedals.  I was seeking a better solution, but the Hum Debugger is not it.
1,The thread on the mic-holder stripped within days of the kids using it, I would go for a more robust one next time. Perhaps a harder or bigger thread may have been better.
1,Two out of two of these received (5 months apart) had crimps in them. I returned both, and certainly won't try ordering a third one.
1,Not what I expected at all asking for a return. First off a meter of this is $15.00 and barely enough for a 4 pedals so $30.00 plus just to attach your pedals is excessive. After digging in deeper this stuff is great for other things, but for pedals unless you are touring the country and need your pedals to be unmovable maybe it would be cool, but way expensive. Not for me as I am just doing local shows and in no need of such an expensive solution. I did my entire 8 pedal board for $15.00 with velcro and I am happy. My entire setup with this would be $90.00 and that is a cosmic joke in my book. The product does grip like nothing else and for other things would be a great solution.
1,This is the only transducer I have, so I don't know if this is normal to be this weak.  It's not very loud at all.  It works with one of my amps (with lots of feedback), but it doesn't work with another amp (vol and gain at max).  Oh, and it picks up everything.  I could record while talking into the guitar and it will record my voice, along with any guitar handling noise or clothes shuffling.  All these things might be normal for a transducer, but if it's just accepted as being the norm and not fixed I cannot give it a high rating.		I later found out why it doesn't work with my other amp.  My other amp is a KEYBOARD amp.  It must have something to do with the type of impedance or voltage coming into the input.  Make sure to use a GUITAR amp with this product.
1,This pedal promises a lot, but delivers only a little. I used mine for almost a year before ditching it. I wanted a long sustain. I didn't really want compression. This pedal doesn't balance the two very well. It works more like a compressor than a sustainer, and that is the opposite of what I wanted. I eventually got the Ultimate Metal pedal which has tremendous sustain, but a little more distortion than I usually like. Sometimes I couldn't even tell if this pedal was on, except for the indicator light. Fairly useless for me on my pedal board.
1,So last night at band practice, I passed this little tuner around to my bandmates.  We had it set to chromatic mode.  My guitar was close, but still out of tune.  The fiddle was close, but out of tune.  The banjo was horridly out of tune, and we tried three times.		Then we passed around my Korg Pitchclip.  Night and day difference.  I'm getting a couple more Pitchclips.		This tuner is probably fine for beginners, but not if you want a precisely tuned instrument.  It is simply not accurate enough.
1,I packed mine back up 10 minutes after I got it. Beginner amp at best. Sounds OK clean. Fender would have done themselves a favor by leaving out the effects and made a basic plug and play clean amp. Most players like to use their own effects anyway.
1,Bad ,neck!
1,Idot have comments yet
1,Not so good, people. I wouldn't waste your money. The motor is really loud and the light patterns aren't that impressive.
1,Didn't like this at all. Couldn't get it to work.
1,I was really looking forward to using this keyboard due to it having all of the features that I needed at it's particular price point. When I opened it up, it didn't even come in it's own box. It's box was just the shipping box. Immediately after taking it out of the box, I heard this rattle as if something was loose inside and it fell through the entire keyboard  like a rain stick. I checked out all of the keys individually and they all worked except for a C# on the lowest octave.		I don't know if it was the fault of Nektar,  AudioDeluxe or UPS but I just can't really recommend this keyboard the way I had received it.
1,Poor quality and very difficult to read.
1,I have a Taylor 214 that only had an under saddle pick-up that sounded like garbage. I was being cheap and bought this in hopes that it would be a quick fix . . . nope. Did almost nothing. I've also given it a shot with a few of my other acoustic and at the end of the day figured the LR Baggs products are worth the investment.
1,I am unhappy with this cable because in the picture it appears to be thick & durable, maybe 12 gauge cable.  Instead it's an inferior, cheap, thin, maybe 16 gauge.  NOT happy.  What a bunch of amateurish  crap.  It's garbage and I cannot use it personally for my growing home studio.  For emergency back up I'm not even sure I'd use it and it's not worth the time to me to go through the return process. Junk.  Really.
1,sounded great for a moth then died. Chinese pedals are a gamble.
1,It is a crap stand.  It is acceptable in our practice space where it is not moved around.  However, gigging with it would last about 2 weekends.
1,Just ok. The sound seems decent at first but the truth is it is hard to play more than 10 minutes with it. It becomes too irritating.		The input jack started getting flimsy after 2 weeks of use. It is now almost unuseable. I'm pretty good at soldering so I could fix it but I don't think I will even bother.		The best use I got out of this was when I had to test instruments I was buying on craigslist at the train station.
1,Cheap split grain leather.
1,Having a backround in electronics and audio engineering, I understand why Shure (and other manufacturers of similar devices) use a 'companding' circuit to minimize noise and interference.  Like a Dolby or DBX system, the audio is 'compressed' going in, and 'expanded' (supposedly back to its original state) coming back out.  Unfortunately this is not always the case, at least not with my unit, which has begun to exhibit such behavior as to cause me to go back to being hard-wired again. I cannot allow my playing dynamics or style to be compromised by such an anomaly.  I've scoured the internet for any info about this, but to no avail.  Were I able to obtain proper service/tech manuals for this, I would attempt an adjustment.  None seem to exist; just the simplified (and pretty much useless) user manual.
1,I bought this for myTaylor 214CE , I was hoping to get a little lighter string that would give a little easier to finger but they just sounds way to bright and just the tone is terrible sounding I wouldn't put these on your taylor even though I read all over these where good for the Taylor I didn't like the tone at all
1,These knobs look good and appear to be sturdy. However, there is a plastic insert with a hole diameter of 6 mm inside each knob. If you remove this insert, the shaft opening will be about 3/8", which is too big for a  .25 inch pot shaft. In addition, the set screw does not penetrate through the plastic, and will stop turning before it enters the shaft tunnel even with the insert removed, so the set screw is essentially worthless.		I had to drill out the plastic inserts to accommodate a .25 inch pot shaft in order for these to work. These represent a pretty thoughtless design to me.		On the plus side, they were pretty cheap to buy.
1,This add-on shelf is cheap plastic and poorly made. It is not very stable on the stand. It's functional I guess if you are ultra frugal. I would not recommend.
1,Very cheap and will not stay on the wall. I've tried 5. I guess you really do get what you pay for...
1,waste of money
1,Although both the description and packaging say "DMX Cable", the cable itself says "Professional Low-noise Mic Cable". It does not meet the DMX-512 spec for twisted pair 120-ohm cables. I called American DJ (who make these) and the tech whom I spoke with said "Mic cable, DMX cable, it's all the same thing". They are most certainly *not* the same thing and both Chauvet and American DJ (ironically) recommend not using mic cables for DMX connections.		From the USITT (creators of the DMX512 standard) FAQ:		"A common question is 'can we use a good microphone cable?' The answer here is no. While there is some tolerance allowing for 100 ohm to 120 ohm cable, simply put, microphone cable is not at all suitable because of its high capacitance and incorrect characteristic impedance. It might work in some instances, but it is not appropriate for the electronics involved and it will fail at the most inopportune times."		I'll be returning these, as I already have plenty of mic cables.
1,You gotta wonder why Fender put their name on this. I paid $6.99 and it's not worth a penny more. Battery cover is attached with a tiny screw requiring a jewelers philips head screwdriver to remove. The on/off button is a bit wonky too. Accuracy is so... so.  Don't bother with this one. Get a Snark for a few bucks more.
1,i love ernie ball slinkys  so i thought i would try these big mistake i changed out the john pearse 80/20 bronze strings i had on my guitar and i regret it immensely. these strings sounded pretty thin and lacked the tone i had with the afore mentioned strings. of course your guitar might sound great with them .
1,piece of crap. don't bother buying this. it doesnt cleanly hold down the strings and sounds so bad. buy a spring capo.
1,I'm another reviewer who has, upon personal inspection, discovered that the rear leg of the stand is too short to provide staedy support for any beloved guitar. I returned it.		I've "First Act" brand stands similar in appearance but more intelligently constructed.
1,These were listed as medium gauge, which is what I wanted. When I got them they were heavy gauge. Someone had placed a bar code on the package that said "medium" but the package had "heavy" on them. Won't recommend this to anyone. Get it right!!
1,Was broke. Amazon refunded price.
1,You get what you pay for.  This is nothing more than a toy.  I bought this is some other guitars to give away at Christmas to needy families.  I play guitar and you can't really play these.  They will not tune to normal tuning.  I you are just looking for a first toy guitar for your child, this is great.  Otherwise, spend a hundred bucks and buy an Epiphone DR100 and start them off with a nice guitar.
1,Well maybe I just got a lemon reading these other reviews, but what arrived on my doorstep is just junk. First, to sell this WITHOUT the bolt you'll need to connect it to your base stand is simply stupid. Once I got back from the hardware store and hooked it up, I realized that the lower brace's right part was nearly twice as long as the left, resulting in its bumping into the bell holes. As a result, it only sits in the stand while shifted dangerously to the left. Moreover, it EASILY tips over, as the curve isn't deep enough. And I'm talking about the same Yanagisawa SC991 that others are talking about. Piece of junk. AND overpriced: $25 PLUS they charged nearly $11 for shipping! Wouldn't touch it with a ten foot pole, and it's going back pronto.
1,Again, these Chinese foam filters are very easily broken down by singer spit, but they cost way less that the good foam filters. For this price, just buy more but be careful, when they break down, the little beady stuff will get into your mic head and can damage your mic element!!!	At first sign of the foam breaking down, TOSS!!!!
1,ITEM DOES NOT WORK AT ALL MOST OF THE TIME AND OTHER TIMES IT "MAY" WORK ON THE FOUR FIRST STRING ONLY, AND IS VERY SLOW. I WILL NOT BUY ANOTHER.
1,The lights get super hot. The bulbs burn out fast. I will try to replace them with LED if not, they're just power strips.
1,This is my first Amazon review. Just want to inform everyone out there that this mixer has wobbly knobs. They feel really cheap. Knobs are the last place that should be skimped upon on a mixer IMO. I'm on the verge of returning this solely due to the crappy feeling knobs. Try before you buy. I always had a good impression of Presonus, and the quality of their products. These knobs have totally altered that.
1,I just had to try one of these for myself.  Seemed like decent reviews and I love playing with different effects.  I use everything on my rig from 3 Leaf to Digitech.  I don't put my nose up to less than boutique offerings.  If it sounds good and works, I am a happy camper.  On to the Doner Flange.		Packaging was nice.  Good presentation.  Construction and finish was nice. Much akin to an MXR or other high quality production pedals.  I plugged her in and clicked the switch. There's the flange.  Not too bad.  I click the switch off and adjust some nobs.  Click the switch back on and POP HISS BOOM!  Holy crap, my tweeters just flashed fire and this pedal nearly blew up a 3k rig.  I lowered the volume on the amp and messed with the pedal more.  Nothing but noise and squealing......WAY hot at damaging levels.		Moral of the story, you get what you pay for.  Steer clear, if yours works now, it just may blow up your rig during a show.
1,they're very limp for a .73 felt more like a .40 , if you aren't playing 9's or thinner, you won't like these.
1,Only 3 stay put after haggling with them. Will not buy this product again.
1,It was a great price. As it turns out it is too good to be true. The seller was fast and responsive, but the product is crap. I put it on my guitar and the bass E string buzzes, I adjust it to fix the Bass E string buzzing and the high E string buzzes. Completely worthless even for just song writing in the basement.		I had gotten another capo a while back that looks very similar to this one. But this one is plastic and the thin rubber string dampener is completely straight and useless. It might work on a ukelele. Maybe.
1,Audio glitches since I bought it tech help me fix 1st time and was working great till they had a update and like a fool l updated and it went back to Audio glitch cracking and popping this time got a different tech all yeah forgot to mention after being on hold for over an hour every time I call anyways he was no help at all and arrogant to boot so after another hour he got my $2,200 Apple IMac that I only use for recording stuck in a loop and told me to take it to Apple and have them fix it, It was working fine until I called him other than there audio glitches. I'm going to sell this piece of S~T and buy something else.
1,I didn't expect this cable to be so thin. It's easily 1/2 the thickness of any guitar cable I've used. Not sure about long-term durability or signal loss/interference. If I had the foresight I'd spend a couple extra bucks on a thicker cable.  Still, it works and was inexpensive.		EDIT: 6 months later and it's dead already.  Wire frayed at the right angle jack.  You get what you pay for.
1,The description for the Marshall MG15CFX series 15 watt guitar amp says "four programmable channels" so I expected four inputs with separate volume and tone controls for each channel. Not so. There is only one 1/4" input channel with controls and a second mini jack to input the output from an mp3 device or a CD player but there are no controls for this input. You can not connect a combination of four electronic music devices such as guitar, keyboard, drum pad, and a mic. There is only one 1/4" input jack. The four channels refers to four preset and programmable effects selectable by push buttons. The unit is complicated to operate and I have yet to figure out how to get a clean, undistorted sound out of it. On top of that, I expected this to be U.K. made as Marshall is an old British company that makes reputable professional gear. Not so again. Made in Vietnam.
1,didn't think much of these, they come off to easy.
1,These don't last - the upper keyboard holder strips.  The last one I bought in February and it was stripped and useless by October.  While they still work they are sturdy and very adjustable but they do not last - I am using two stands now and wish I didn't have to but I just can't buy another one of these.  I play every weekend, at least twice so my usage is medium to medium-high.
1,Had this stand for about a month and a half when I noticed one of the spring stops had broken off and one side slides down on its own. I had to glue a piece of a skewer into the hole to get it to work. If I knew how to contact the company I would ask for a refund.
1,Its too big for an electric or Acoustic
1,I use this to mix multiple instruments and mics into my acoustic combo amp.  I have also used this on gigs where we ran out of inputs on the Bose PA.  The effects sound great and can be used in a live setting.  Each channel has an effects level which is very useful.  Great compact mixer at a compact price - straight forward and easy to use.  If you're looking for something in this price range, I highly recommend.		update 8-15-16: it just stopped working.  I bought another adapter, thinking that was the problem and it still does not work.  I am going to try another Manufacture for my next mixer...
1,This cable seems decent construction but the jacket is way too glossy and hard, doesn't flex very easily, wasted purchase.  I ended up buying 4 other tweed jackets cables of various lengths and ends (straight " and right-angle end) from GNS and am impressed.
1,This item did not fit my 2001 Gibson Les Paul Studio. The stand-offs do not fit into the existing holes, and the bridge and Tailpiece do not fit on the old hardware.
1,Could not put on guitar,cos has a very soft rubber hands...
1,Have to position it just right and still doesn't completely fret sometimes
1,Its burnt after 3 months of use. It did not stop the noise either.
1,Were not the correct sized buttons, too small for guitar.
1,A bit thick and stiff compared to my others. Better suited to stationary equipment & studio than on-stage and microphone use.		BROKEN - SHOT - KaPUTT after m-a-y-b-e  a dozen uses . . . . . . . . .		and they were carefully handled and stored, not tugged on, stepped on, or folded/knotted/kinked.
1,A little too hard of a seat.
1,I had a good bit of luck with the smaller version made by Pyle. But, this was such a disappointment as I had one of the biggest tours I've had this year and I took a chance on this thing!	1. There's no tone knob though it is advertised it has one!	2. Halfway through the 2 hour presentation it started a strange "whistling" sound which I was not able to shut off until I finally shut off the PA itself!	3. There's no volume knob on the transmitter! What a piece of junk!	Commentary: I don't believe ANY company today has what is known as the word "Integrity" attached to their brains, unfortunately it's the word "Money" instead....sad.
1,sounds cheap and glassy for price
1,HORRIBLE! The mic cord was peice of sh*t and i have to play with the cord and twist it all differant ways just to be able to use it or else i get loud static.
1,IT BROKE ON THE SHIPMENT:(
1,noise is so bad it is unusable
1,Bought this metronome to set time for our group practices (just 3 of us). There is a dial at the top to set the volume, but even at the highest setting, it is not loud enough. Even for one person, it has to be less than a couple of feet away from you to hear it when playing a simple acoustic instrument. The metronome does let you easily set the tempo, beat, and rhythm. It only has an electronic beep, not a click sound like traditional mechanical metronomes.
1,Is apparently coated with shiny plastic on one side, and is rough unfinished leather on the other. The wide end of the strap seems to be felt with shiny plastic coating, no leather at all on that end. Not what I would have expected for the price.
1,The photo show it correctly,  THREE guitars, not seven as claimed. The best I could fit is 5 acoustic guitars with extreme care when sliding them in, try to avoid bumping one into another !!!	Okay, 4 acoustic and 3 electric guitars will fit as the electric has thin solid body.	And the stand is kind of flimsy. I would rather build one myself from wood and I will.
1,You WILL NOT receive what is pictured, which is the Schaller "S-Locks" strap system. You'll receive the standard Security Locks...buyer beware
1,this rhythm machine is nowhere near as good as the zoom rhythm machine RT223
1,This item is not straight and is unusable for any work on a fretboard. The middle on both sides of the tool is so badly bowed that you can easily see it while holding it arms length away.
1,Just sounds bad - maybe I had a bad guitar, but I would not recommend this one to anyone. Play one in a music store first before you buy online.
1,Another update. How can you sell these to people! I have a craft show this weekend and i went to put these tumers on and none id the screws fit! First one i didn't realize and it got stuck. I had to use two pliers to pull it off and scratched mlthe new neck i just finished making. Your company shpuld not be selling these! I now hqve to run out and find somewhere to but 6 sets ....Update....i ordered more, they came in odd. The top is too wide that the nuts don't fit!	Old review...I love the look of these and they came fast. I bought them for a cbgs ukulele. I wouldn't recommend putting them on a nice guitar. They skip a little.
1,I returned this item wasn't impressed with the quality not sure what issues I was having with this one.
1,doesn't fit an 18" x 16" bas drum
1,This mic simply doesnt work on a mac.  I tried to get both my mac mini and macbook to recognize it - and it won't work.  My PC can recognize it just fine.  Sorry, but that won't cut it.  Wish I never bought it.  Most frustrating thing ever!
1,i am not a fan at all. made my grip awkward hurt my fingers. Maybe its just me, but i will not use or buy again.
1,Just received the 2nd one, the first one didn't work. This one doesn't either...sad...
1,this stand is junk. i got it and the twist clutch that controls the height doesn't work. i didn't take it out of the box for a few weeks and by then i didn't even think i'd be able to return it. i'll try to make use of it with tape, but we'll see.. spend a few extra bucks and get ANY other stand.
1,When I first started to learn harp, I saw these and bought them. I figured, Hey, most of all the keys are used are in the case, so that will save me some money. I found out that the harps are cheap plastic ones, made in China. Yes, they have the Hohner name on them, but these are made in China, not Germany. Not everything made in China is bad, but I feel that when you are a beginner on harp, you need to find a good quality harp, like a Hohner Special 20 or a Crossover or mayby a Lee Oskar, in the key of C, then branch out into other keys. A beginner and pro alike needs a good solid quality harp, one that is airtight, and makes bending easier,which these harps do not. All in all, I would not recommend these harps. The only thing that is worth the money is the nice case they come in. Spend your money on one good harp, and if you want to buy these, give them away to kids to play with.
1,I like the idea of it, but it did not fit my cajon (Pearl), even though it said it was the large. They said there was nothing they could do, other than a return for a partial refund. I ended up keeping it and using it for another small cajon... but the zipper broke within the first week. Boooooo.
1,The stands feature plastic hardware and incessant rattling due to low machining tolerance during manufacturing.  If you are in a pinch and this is the only stand you can get online with expedited delivery for a gig, then by all means go for it.  You can probably recoup $20 or so by selling them afterwards.  Otherwise, just spend the extra cash and buy something that won't start breaking down after a few months of regular use.
1,My only complaint is, like everyone else is saying: the #$@#%8>? drawer only pulls out half way and I can only barely reach my hand in to touch the back of the drawer.  This is a stupid design.  I bought a 2 space and a 3 space drawer also and they both slide out all the way so I don't get it.  Guess I'll see if I can modify it - or else store stuff I never need to get to in the back.  It does come with 2 full sets of rack screws - two different thread sizes - so be careful to use the right screws so you don't mess up your rack threads.		Edit:  I'm returning this because of the drawer pull issue.
1,These Delrin picks aren't bad, but if you are expecting them to glue themselves to your finger & thumb, you might be a bit disappointed.	Delrin is a very slick material.  It glides across the strings of a guitar very nicely.  That's the good news.	The not-so-good news is, Delrin also seems to glide across the fingers as nicely as it does the strings- which is exactly what we were trying to avoid when we bought these picks, isn't it?	For this grip concept to work, you have to choke up on the pick enough to place the cutout in it on the ball of your thumb.  I don't choke up on a pick enough to gain any benefit from these.  Maybe you do.	In my opinion, this would be far more effective if the cutout was located farther back from the tip.	Below is a photo of a similarly designed (blue) pick that, in my opinion, is better executed.  I like the Torx-type cutout and I especially like that the cutout is placed where I can take advantage of it.	Unfortunately, the (blue) pick in the photo was given to me and I don't know who manufactures/markets it.  If I knew, I would buy more of those.
1,A little too stiff for me to maximize good sound for the mandolin.
1,I bought this because of the price. Total regret it, not worth. There is no efficient control of the light, the light is weak and do not create a nice stroboscopic effect, not even inside my closet with all lights off. Don't waste you money on this! I will definitely return it.
1,I just got my new Zoom H6 today and tried to download the "included" Cubase and Wavelab software.  Saved Windows versions of both to my Win10 PC.  Neither download (in .zip format) would open, no matter what I tried.  The Wavelab software even came up with a notice saying it wouldn't run on my PC, which made no sense at all.  Attempted to go back and re-do the downloads, but apparently you only get one bite at the apple when it comes to Steinberg software.  I note that there have been previous posts about Zoom software availability having been switched from an included CD to a download.  Another post warns that the software is only good for 300 uses, which means if you really like it and use it a lot you'll eventually end up having to re-buy it.  Today is Saturday, and Steinberg's customer service is only open Mon-Fri, 8 am to  6 pm. So, for now I'm stuck, and I'm not happy with my new, relatively expensive, purchase.		Though I would like to say good things about the Zoom H6, right now I'm wishing I hadn't bought it.  Too bad, because otherwise it looks like a good product.
1,Intended to maximize sales appeal to a wide range of musicians, the SR16 offers 50 different drum beat styles (rock, jazz, country, etc.) using up to 12 pieces of percussion instruments (kick, snare, cymbals, toms, etc.) making up a drum set. Each piece is assigned to a physical drum pad button on the face of the SR16. For me, I found only about a dozen factory-installed drum beat styles (called presets) I can use. Of these, I can easily change the tempo for live performances. BUT this is where easy ends.	When I wanted to make changes to one of the presets, the instructions were of minimal help. Although it attempts to explain how to do a task, the instructions are generic, fragmented, and wordy. From the time I opened the box until I finally figured out how to make simple changes, I have spent three weeks in trial and error and handwrote a dozen pages of my own notes, tables, and instructions, just so I can use the SR16 adequately. I have not even attempted to create anything new and cannot imagine the nightmare it would be. This has been a frustrating experience, to say it respectfully. The reasons I plowed through all this frustration were 1) customer ratings and comments, 2) the lack of a reasonably priced competitive drum machines, and 3) the sounds were actually good enough for my limited use (Im a guitarist).	Other shortcomings:	1)  there are no options for drum intros and extros	2) you cannot throw in a drum fills randomly which is very restrictive during a live, spontaneous performance when you cannot keep track of which beat you're on (the SR16 accepts two foot pedals)	3) the display is not backlit and is difficult to read under low light conditions as youd expect in a performance	4) some buttons are dual function but unlabeled, some buttons are toggle, some are momentary, some are single function; you just have to memorize which does what	5) no trouble shooting guide	6) a step-reference users chart inconveniently affixed underneath the SR16 instead of printed in the Reference Guide or as a separate card	Im giving the SR16 a rating of one star because, although a great sounding drum machine, it is useless if you cannot use it. The instructions barely bridge the gap between a great machine and a great useable machine. Unless you have plenty of undisturbed time, lots of patience, and undeterred to writing copious notes, I would not recommend this $150 machine for you.
1,Would NOT fit any of my current mics: 8 total!
1,Way too small for my dulicimer as well.  Wish I had read the reviews before ordering.
1,Not using it any more. Works fair with 3 out of the 5 DAWs i tested. But with the 2 I liked, Garage Band and ProTools (free version), it was total crap. I had even called Focusrite prior to ordering and they of course said it was going to work great I have a 3 year old interface by a different company that is rock solid with the 2 DAWs I decided on using	As an aside: Where I work, the 2 year older and more expensive Focusrite boxes have latency issues with the $$ version of Protool on 2 year old iMacs with 16gigs ram . Our guy just lives with the issue.
1,Poor dynamics - I hate playing through it with distortion on. Does the job for having a line in, and for a clean sound. I still use it when I play late night when everyone is asleep, but overall the amp could be better...I would not recommend this. Better to go through your amp, witha direct out to your headphones if you can. The portability of this thing is cool, but again, just if you're playing thru the clean channel, with or without a line in...
1,I put these on a Collings CL Deluxe. First time using T-I strings. The balance on this set is just terrible. The guitar is set up properly, including pickup heights. The G string is twice as loud as the E or A strings. B string is also way too loud. Everyone sings T-I's praises. I must be missing something. These are going in the trash.
1,Total waste of money.  Internal parts are brittle plastic and don't hold up even under minimal use.
1,I ordered this device for an arch top guitar ... it made no difference either on or off.  It was a waste of money.
1,Bought this in USA in 2010 then moved back to UK. tried it for first time at a gig recently, no sound out.  I think its the transformer. The attenuator isn't a great design, just some resistors to ground, which could mess up the input matching.		UPDATE!! its not the transformer, its the XLR output socket, as noted by another reviewer.		UPDATE!!! Today I decided to stop whingeing about it and have ordered a Neutrik XLR male pcb connector at a mere 2.74 including postage from  http://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/B00TCKM4YO/ref=pe_385721_37986871_TE_item		Can't find the same one for you US chappies, I'm afraid.
1,Got these for my kids guitar thinking they'd be easy on his fingers.  They're too thin.  They barely register on the pickups, presumably no enough mass to get a good response.  They also go sharp way too easy if you play chords.  Switched to 9's.  These are horrible.
1,I'm sorry, but I didn't like this item. I respect other's people opinion, but this guy looks too weak and feeble to me, so I returned it and bought something I consider much better. In some way I was misled by so many 5 stars customer ratings, but this thing is definitely not for me.
1,Feels nice and slick and I assume that's the coating. Cant say if the coating makes the strings last longer but it really dampens the vibrations with respect to regular springs. It also feels like there is greater tension on the strings as well. I cant say I'll be recommending these with the additional cost. Better to use 2 sets of regular strings for the price of these.
1,No washer included. I bought it as an extra to have on hand and I doubt I will ever use it. You get what you pay for and this is cheap.
1,I've been trying out lots of different harmonicas recently, which has given me a great opportunity to compare them all.  This Special 20 was the first I tried.  I found it perfectly fine at first, until I started trying other models.  Now, I find it to be very "stiff", and some notes are difficult to play, but are easy on other harmonicas.  Also, notes seem to get stuck more easily.  I wouldn't recommend this one.
1,Stand dose not hold up with median size song books  very compact and portable but very lightweights do skimpy material if made with better material would sell many more
1,Absolutely terrible! Don't buy from Mendini
1,If I run this thing in and out of my tenor neck a couple times it come out wet.  However, if I follow up with a Hodge tenor silk swab, that comes out wet too.  If instead I start with the silk swab and then use the Neck Saver, the Neck Saver comes out dry.  It appears to be to be far less effective than the Hodge Silk swab.		I would have given it only one star but it is possible that if it sits in the neck, it would continue to wick moisture. (I think this is unlikely, but I don't know how to test it.)  However, given how much more moisture comes out with the silk swab I'm going to buy a second silk swab and use one for the neck and one for the body.<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Hodge-Tenor-Sax-Silk-Swab/dp/B0002F4YFA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Hodge Tenor Sax Silk Swab</a>
1,Did not work for my android
1,This board won't even push my speakers louder than a cell phone. What's Up With That
1,I thought something was drastically wrong with my guitar but it was these strings, they buzzed and move so much they hit every metal on every fret.
1,Not a lasting tool, more like a one-time use if you need a quick nut fix
1,It's ok to use until you can buy a good cable. Lasted around 2 weeks before it shorted out.
1,Didn't work at all. Tried on all my equipment and a replacement of some other direct USB/Midi that was working. used on another persons set up and had no luck.
1,As you will see in many other reviews, there are many good and bad things about this mixer.  However, my product review is 1-star because this product is UNRELIABLE, thus unacceptable for professional use.		Cons	After extensive research and testing of the mixer, I too have confirmed that the connectivity to the mixer is unreliable.  In fact, the mixer stopped responding to me at my 1st event a few hours in. I had both direct Ethernet and WiFi connectivity initially, however when it stopped responding, I was completely unable to control the mixer.  This is a FATAL FLAW!  Fortunately, the mixer continued to work based on the latest configuration, however I was in the middle of an event and unable to do anything...turn on channels, mute channels, adjust the volume, etc.  Second to this issue is the other common complain about noise on microphone channels when you increase the gain.  To some extent you have to gain the microphones, so this is a product issue, not a user issue, however I overcame it by minimizing the gain amount and using a gate to cut out the noise.  I can live with this 2nd issue, but I can't live with the 1st issue.		Pros	The mixer is cheap (low cost) and you get an amazing amount of features for the price point. HTML 5 access to the GUI interface from any web device...LOVE IT!  And it was VERY RESPONSIVE.  The connectivity, when it works, is very vast as well.  I have tons of great things to say about software, features, interface, etc.		Overall however, I think this is a worthless product due to the fatal flaw.  You will either have to stick with an analog mixer (almost all which have excellent reliability, mostly differentiated by quality and features) or just pay more and get a better digital mixer, especially when your main goal is to have a mixer that consistently works.
1,Really a rip-off.  Fifty cents worth of hardware for ten times the price
1,These came on my Martin and I played them off and on for a couple of years, waay to long.  Then I did some research and found someplace that these were what were recommended for my guitar. So, I bought them, put them on and they just aren't for me.  The pick seems to grab the coating or something.  It almost feels like the strings are cutting into my pick, but I think its actually the coating sticking or somehow dragging on my pick.  I'm going to take them off and put on some non coated strings.  They sound fine, but I don't think they sound as airy as non coated.  IMHO.		I gave these plenty of time for me to like or dislike them..  so it wasn't a quick choice.  I hate changing strings, but I'm changing these.
1,the tool is cheaply made and flimsy, If I had it to do over again I would buy something a little more professional.  I think harbor freight probably has better stuff than this for half the price.  It does fit in a guitar case but it's a cheap piece of crap thats worth about 5-6 bucks.  The light blue case is actually very nice which is what attracted me but the quality of the steel in the tool implements is poor.. it bends easily and the edges of the tools are not crisp and square but overly rounded from being dipped in chrome to cover up the cheap untempered steel.
1,fell in less than 1 foot broke into 10 pieces
1,It has no bearing edge on snare side shell. Strainer has to be tightened to maximum to reduce buzz, distortion etc. Kept for a student beater starter drum. Suggest Co. to have top pro tuner to help them improve overall. :(
1,nice looking capo but it doesn't function as well as I had hoped ... string buzz is a constant problem ... eventually I can get it to work but it is too much trouble and too inconsistent for gigging ... disappointed ...
1,Junk. Don't waste your money.
1,The size of the holder is probably better suited to those old bass style picks... Good idea, but the design isn't great - and if you overfill it it is annoying, but even with just a few in it, sometimes it isn't easy to get them out. So you end up putting picks in there poking out a little. Not sure if it is better than the Dokken-style blue-tac solution, even if you want something more hip and less hair.
1,I've bought it for the friend and he actually paid for it. But come on! $35 for little metal clip.
1,Boy, was I surprised when these arrived!  What an idea!  These are NOT open-back headphones - these are ON-EAR headphones with a shell around them that makes them look like open-back headphones.  That is, the speaker elements, which are the size of on-ear headphones, and are padded like on-ear headphones, are in contact with your ear while wearing these things.  I will try to attach a picture that shows how ridiculous this is.  On top of this being a deception rather than an open-back headset, it makes for great discomfort, as it's unlikely that on any particular head the fixed relation of the inner "on-ear" elements and the outer "circumaural" pads will work, thereby placing the weight of the cosmetic outer cups and such directly on the ear..  Ugh!		(Note: The idea of open-back headphones is that there is some space between your ear and the speaker elements, and that the sound is not locked into a "closed chamber" - and that ambient sound can also be heard.  Thus, sound reproduction is better than with closed-back headphones, while there is less isolation.  This design does not provide these benefits.)
1,wtf
1,The black is a sandwhich of black/white/black, not pure black even though there is no such indication in the product description.	The plastic film is scuffed, making it difficult to gauge the quality of the product underneath, but the unprotected side has many scratches. all over the sheet. My project isn't ready for me to measure and cut the pickguard, so I may not know if the material under the protective film will be any good.	I am disappointed so far.
1,First of all, I have used a lot of midi devices for over 10 years and never, ever, have I had something as frustrating as this.  If I could give negative stars I would.  It seems like a simple design and a low price but, it is deceiving!  Your better off getting a solid midi patch-bay or even an entirely new audio interface that has an extra i/o for your midi devices!!!		The darn thing won't even show up on my mac with all my other midi devices and when it does it randomly disappears despite scanning for new devices and restarting my computer.		The times when it did connect, I could not get polyphonic sounds.  Only monophonic.  I tried different cables, different combinations with different synths and still, only mono.  The second I connected another midi output on one of my other interfaces to the same synths, boom, worked perfectly every time.		Midi has come a long way since its invention over 30 years ago and usb capabilities are a recent addition to this but, not in this device at all.  I'm 100% sure this item is defective.  Save yourself the trouble.  If this company is sending these devices out without even testing them, don't bother wasting your time or money like I did
1,I've seen toys that were built better than this flimsy plastic garbage.  I thought the keys would be rubbery but they're just hard plastic and they wobble back and forth and clack when you press them.  Mine failed to work at all right out of the box but I wouldn't have kept it even if it had worked.  At most, this is worth about half the current asking price.  There are better options out there.
1,Purchased this microphone by itself, then had to purchase the phantom power. Still had no luck after much effort to get quality sound. Purchased the Blue Snowball for only a little bit more, works like a charm **right out of the box**. Do not waste your time if you're not an audio professional that can properly EQ/Mix this mic!!		Here's a link to the Blue Snowball - https://amzn.to/2NEjsAg
1,They say you get what you pay for. Not here. Even though this lamp is cheap, it's still way overpriced. The lights are far too wimpy to light up much more than a CD turntable. To make matters worse, it came with 6 wimpy LEDs and 3 of mine didn't come on at all. Do NOT buy this lamp.		I have since paid up for the Littlite 12-G-LED to replace it with. More than twice the price, but more than 4 times the light. I can actually light up my 24-channel mixer from end-to-end and top-to-bottom with some light left over.		I tried to save some money with the HOSA lamp, and ended up just costing myself time and effort. You will regret purchasing this amateur lamp. Go with the Littlite or some other.
1,It says "Tapered design allows greater fit to a variety of guitars" and has no mention of hole measurements in the description as of writing this, yet it didn't fit my Palmer guitar's hole, the hole is quite smaller. Now that I go back to the product page I can see some other people have had the same issue. If it's not good for all guitar holes they should at least specify in the description the range of hole sizes for which it will fit.		Also, as others have mentioned, it came with TWO HOLES punched through it to pass the twist tie they used for packaging. Seriously Planet Waves?!? You couldn't find a way to package your product without intentionally damaging it in the process?!? Wow. (If you're wondering about this, look at the review photos, someone else already took a photo of the holes it comes with)
1,cheap looking
1,Tried to use this on a live gig and I was off tune from everyone else. Even though it said I was in tune. I tossed it in the trash. Went back to using Snsrks. They are bigger, but at least they're accurate.
1,The first one works well enough but the second and third are different.  They hang, delay, don't have the sensitivity like the first one did.  Something has changed, not sure what but I had to send the 2nd and 3rd one back.  They are erratic and unreliable, sorry.
1,Sounded great at first,  but were completely dead after 4hrs of playing on them. They have almost a chalky feel to them.  Not worth the premium price.
1,Neat gadget but can't hold a guitar while the cord is plugged in.  Not good for performances.
1,It's large and there's a big difference in flexiblity between the metal tip/edge and the plastic body.	You might like it if you're going for the tone of a metal pick on metal strings, but I think there are better choices if you're going for speed and accuracy.
1,So, I was really excited when this arrived.  I already had the old bridge off and ready for this to go on.  The screws that the bridge came with were a little smaller than the originals and didn't really grip, so no problem...I used the original ones.  Strung it up and gave it a quick tune...very close to being perfectly intonated right out of the box...a couple minor adjustments and everything was spot on.  Played it at a couple gigs with no issue, everybody was impressed with the tone (and the look).  Decided I'd like to change the string height a little...as soon as I touched the little allen screw on the saddle for the E-String...POP...it's stripped.  the entire side of the E saddle is now touching the base plate.  None of the threads will catch at all.  The screw looks to be in good shape, so I have to assume that the actual saddle is stripped inside, which means I can't just use a different screw to keep the E-String Saddle raised off the plate.  Now it's a useless bass until I get a new bridge.  At least it was cheap.  The height in the photo is as high as I can get that side of the saddle to go.
1,I knew this was a small controller-type keyboard but I bought it because it had the specific emulations I was looking for:  wurlitzer, early and late rhodes electric pianos.  I checked out some demos online and the samples sounded great.  Unfortunately, the actual quality of the samples leaves much to be desired and the other effects like the tremolo and reverb are also ultra-cheezy.  I'm convinced that the big-box store demos on YouTube must go through some post-production process which makes the sound seem better than it is.  No way I'm getting the tones I heard on video.		I got mine at a discount price because it was a store demo model, but even at that it was seriously overpriced.  I would not recommend this unit to anyone.  Mine is going on Craigslist a week after I bought it.  I'll take a loss but the unit is so poor there's no point in keeping it.  Be warned.
1,Like some other reviewers, I found this product to be at the same time groundbreaking, amazing, awesome.. and intensely frustrating.		The hardware itself is great, awesome concept, solid build quality.  The only qualm I have with the hardware is that I wish the pads were set a little farther apart from each other, some actions can be kind of hard to perform due to how closely spaced they are.		The software, on the other hand, is abysmal.. to put it lightly.  It is so buggy and the UI is so poorly thought out that it practically makes the device unusable.  I am an electrical engineer with a significant amount of programming experience, also very experienced with MIDI, etc.. so this is definitely not a case of me not understanding how to use the device.		The main issue with the software is that the majority of it is not hand-coded software, it was created using the Max/MSP 'visual programming language' and is delivered as a set of standalone max patches.  I assume they implemented it this way in order to make it both Mac and Windows compatible without having to program for both environments.  So instead of developing a platform specific driver and application to configure the controller, they deliver a set of cross-platform max patches which are bug-ridden, resource intensive and very poorly thought out.		Before I bought this product, I had been waiting for quite a while for KMI to release their StringPort device for Windows (the hardware itself is cross-platform but the driver and software are Mac only).  I first contacted them about StringPort on Windows when it was first released, they said a port was in the works.. that was over 2 years ago and it is still not available, so it seems clear that KMI is lacking in knowledgeable software developers.		A quick glance at KMI webite confirms something I suspected after using the SoftStep application: most of their software development team are musicians and not professional software developers.  Look at the 'staff' page with employee bios, all but one of the Software team have degrees in music or art, none list any previous software development credentials.  As someone who is an amateur musician and professional programmer, I'm sure the results would be just as bad if I were tasked with composing a complex film score.		KMI has great ideas so I really hope they get their act together and bring in some more professional developers in order to implement them properly.
1,Sounds like the person is speaking from the bottom of a well.  It's ok for backup, but that's it.
1,I'm a longtime Boss fan, I have and love several of their pedals. The Chorus Ensemble, several of their OD & Distortion pedals, the DD-7 Delay, and a few others I rotate in on rare occasion. If I could only choose pedals from one company it would definitely be from Boss. I even like how they feel and look.		WITH THAT SAID, there is no longer any reason to buy this particular pedal new. At its price I highly recommend spending a little more on an ISP Decimator II or even the original Decimator. It doesn't siphon off tone like this Boss pedal does, and is much tighter as a downward expander/noise cutter.		First test: One of my guitars is a Warmoth Strat, with a fairly buzzy set of Texas Special single coil pickups. Run it through an OD or two and it's BZZZZZ. Perfect testbed. No contest, the ISP cleaned it all up while NS-2 was just a mediocre gate.		Second test: Metal chug test on a Schecter with EMGs through a Super Distortion through a Mega Distortion on full blast. LOL, not close. ISP kills it.		I know a lot of pedals and music gear are subjective, and everybody thinks their thing is the best, but I'm telling you the ISP is so much better. To the point where I would flat-out disbelieve anyone who says they tried them both and still liked the Boss better. You might find this used for $40 (significantly less than what used Decimator I pedals go for) and that would make sense I guess.		It's had a good run for me and just about everyone else, but this is 1995 tech and it shows. Please at least compare the two at a Guitar Center for yourself before pulling the trigger. Thank me later.
1,This amp is just not very good for anyone. I teach guitar lessons and thought this would be a good training tool for my younger students. They're better off learning on a small amp with a drive channel. This amp sounds awful and feels more like a cheap toy and than an actual tool for playing guitar.
1,Not a good stand it bounces all over the place while playing (on carpet) foam bumpers on the half ring came off easily and it is hard to get the djembe down to a good height to play sitting down I've used it one time at a gig and I can tell you I won't buy this brand again		UPDATE even worse than my original review the legs on this stand are not very good even for being double braced they used pot metal for the collar where the legs attach to which slides up and down the main shaft this severely weakens the durability of this stand on mine the leg snapped from very small lateral pressure total waste of money
1,Fast-food quality. Not spectacular, but for the price they are good.
1,Clunky, Gets in the way of backplane controls and cords.
1,returned it.  The paint job was thin in places, the black paint was smudged and there were black spots all over it.  Wasn't sure it was spattered paint or the pink was chipped and the gig bag was black instead of pink.  I realize the strings needed to be replaced, but when I played it, it sounded terrible.  The package with the extra strings and tuners were a nice addition.  In all, if I paid $15 to $20, for it, I would have kept it, repainted it and put different tuners to see if that would help it. UPS is suppose to pick it up tomorrow, which is nice.  I love UPS.
1,Expected this adapter to connect any DB-25 cable snakes together. Be aware that on the row with 13 holes, left side being pin #1, that pin #6 to the right is NOT connected.		I had a problem with it not working and checked continuity. Thought it was defective and got a replacement which had the same issue, so I ripped one open and found that pin #6 is NOT wired. Planet Waves customer support was terrible. Waited a month and never got an answer.		Check the pins you need before buying this because if you need pin #6 (see above for location), it's not going to work for you either.
1,They are acceptable but too much on the bright side for me. I much prefer the exp11 strings. I will not be buying these again.
1,I read alot of the reviews, yet thought this would be OK for occasional use. It might be appropriate for holding a few sheets of paper, but that's about it. I found it to be very unstable for my use. My 30+ year old Hamilton music stand is much better quality. Disappointing.
1,Worthless with Android Pixel XL
1,I bought the wrong gauge. I read a review that said that you should get a size less then you really want but they are wrong. I bought the .90 gauge at Guitar Center and love them. These were made for that Dave Mustain muted crunch sound. I don't know if I will use these forever but for right now I love them. Just hard enough for speed picking but light enough to stay in your hand without moving around like 1 mils do.		  Dunlop Ultex sound awesome and so far they still look like new.		Buy em!!!!
1,As good as any $5 set of strings out there.	Edit: I loved these until they changed the packaging to where they all come tangled up in a was and are barely color coded.	I'm going back to ghs.
1,these things are cheapo plastic.  i was very disappointed with the flimsy feel.  i added a photo of my Audio Technica 2020 loaded in one of these cheapo mounts.  the description said metal construction. it is not.  beware of this thing.  the more I look at it the sadder I get.  junk.
1,I bought this amp back when i didn't know much about amps. If you want the metal sound for practice, then it is hard to get a better amp for one bill. But with the hybrid amps (Vibro Champ) going for not much more, you get better sounds and more settings. I am selling mine and ordered a Super Champ Xd used in new condition for two and a half bills. This Line 6 amp has a flat sterile sound that isn't very warm sounding. From now on its tube amps for me, even if i have to pay the price. A good tube amp should last a long time and hold its value well, too. Like i said, for a first amp at one bill, the Line 6 isn't too bad. Maybe some day i will be able to afford a Princeton Reverb?
1,So, I did buy this music stand several years ago, but had it kept safely in the bag in Tanzania, so I feel safe to say that I can review it is one that would be at the bottom of my list.  The issue is the standing feet part.  The screw goes into a plastic bolt, and the plastic bolt has now (I find) stripped so I can only fight to get the legs out enough to have it stand up, and definitely cannot get them back closed that it fits in the bag.  Another reviewer said that it was difficult to get it to hold music without falling backward, and I have had that problem as well.  I was really surprised that it was a Yamaha because I think of that as a very good product line.  I have not written a review of this one before and I have bought many different stands.  This one would be at the bottom of the list because of the plastic bolt.  There are lots of other options out there.
1,Iffy quality.  Broke the E string without much force.
1,This part does does not fit my 2008 Gibson Robot Les Paul Studio Silverburst Ltd Ed.
1,The cable is fine but the connector tip is bad on one end, and sticks in amp or guitar. Looks like they used cheap plug hardware.		Not Recommended
1,Junk.  I should have listened to all the negative reviews.  It did not work out of the box.  When hooked up all I get is static and no sound.  Promptly returned for something better.
1,this is cheaply made with in a few weeks the part where you click to turn on the whole head comes apart...lights are not bright enough to read in the dark....the cord is way to short and they will not replace....i did complain and i see now they include a longer ford they did not replace mine.  I would not recommend this even if it wasn't falling apart.
1,If you are above average height it might be too short (even whet it is fully extended), otherwise decent quality for a price.
1,Its flimsy and for the awkward angles it sticks in a guitar the Vox device should be metal and sturdy, especially for price.  Mine broke within a week and I am a just a living room player.  I don't know how it broke but it did.  I will upload pictures.		Now aside of the cheaply made product it served its purpose for the time it lasted and provided sound through headphones,  but its better to get a portable amp.
1,Received the LED Light, plugged it into the wall for the wedding and no lights, nothing came on.
1,I used this in my American DJ1200.  It produced OK fog but a stronger smell than the more expensive fog juices.  After using about a quart out of the gallon the fogger began to have problems.  It began producing less and less fog and now just makes noises when the button is pushed.  I can't say for certain that it fouled the fogger but I didn't have any problems with it until I used this product.
1,Worst cable i own.  Crackling and popping.
1,I really wanted to like this product. I have been using a metal case that holiday lip balm came in, to store my picks. I thought a pick holder would be nicer, but my picks are back in the metal case and this holder is headed for the trash can. It is so hard to get the picks out of this holder, that it isn't worth it. It holds about 5-6 picks, depending on their thickness. I am still in search of a nicer pick holder, but don't waste your money on this one.
1,It seemed like a good product but, a major sewn seam near the zipper ripped within two months.  Look for something else.
1,Arm is not at the same quality Fender made 10 years ago, cheaper, thinner and less durable, suggest trying to find a version prior to 1996, or at least one produced in USA,
1,I rarely disparage a product, but in this case I'm extremely let down. I was looking for a replacement for my trusty and faithful Tascam DR-1, and this expensive critter is not it. I play in a band and we routinely record our shows, so I set-and-forget my digital audio recorder for four hours at a time.		In all of my uses thus far, I have yet to achieve a satisfactory recording. The DR-70D just doesn't produce a clear and precise digital recording worthy of mixing down and sharing. Lately, I have used both my DR1 and DR-70D to be certain I get at least one good recording, and I toss the latter's huge digital file away. The DR-1 still does the trick--and with its built-in mics, no less.		I don't understand the reason for the underlying shortcomings in the DR-70D. I've used both the built in mics and a top-line outboard Rode NH4 stereo condenser with no discernible difference in sound--which is best described as "middy," ie, with little bottom and high end frequencies. I would expect a digital recorder to offer a pure, unadulterated sound.		Also, I was distressed to learn that all of my pre-sets would be lost when I change the batteries in the unit unless I plug it in to my computer while swapping. So I have to jigger the whole contraption around as I switch batteries. On the contrary, the DR-1 has a rechargeable Li-Ion battery that has held up for 7 or 8 years. Also the DR-1 is smaller and lighter, and has more adjustable settings for sound files. In fact, I have the DR-1 set to produce a simple MP3 output. Four hours of recording is about 360 MB. The DR1 is limited in its output choices, and the WAV file it produces is two or three gigabytes.		Sorry, but I'm 100% displeased with this product and likely won't be using it in the future.
1,When I would attach this tuner to my violin's breadsticks it didn't have a secure fit and would suddenly snap loose from the headstock with a loud SNAP! I was afraid continual use would ruin the finish. I just checked my violin, and this tuner indeed made 3 marks on the scroll of my violin.
1,nah, heads are at slight angels and slip out of holes	sorry similar guys	but you can relate no?
1,The high reviews make me wonder if they changed this kit recently.  The snake in the kit I received is junk.  It's plastic tubing with brush ends pushed into it.  The brushes pull out!  They could easily dislodge from the tubing inside the trumpet.  The other brushes, oil & slide lube seem OK.  This kit will cause more harm than good!  Do not buy this unless you plan to throw the snake away!
1,I have four Roland DP-2's and three are broken. They stop working and get stuck 'on' for no reason. I don't think I'll buy another.		[DW]
1,bad solder joints inside.  poor frequency response on this microphone.
1,Cheap plastic parts.
1,Didn't like these. They are way too big for my taste. They are nice quality though. I gave them away to a friend.
1,Not worth the money, feels more like an expensive toy than a practice tool.	The tracking is very basic, so you are very limited in what songs it can learn	The sounds are very artificial	Most of the bass lines are very busy and get annoying really quick.	The mixer output is mono.		Too bad, I was really looking forward to jamming with this thing but its limitations just made it unusable for me.
1,The head stock rest fell right off the very second I put the guitar in it. I have a soldering kit and can fix it myself but if you don't have soldering or welding gear don't buy because you will be returning it.
1,These strings are worse than the stock strings.  I was looking for something not quite as rubbery or floppy as the stock strings and these are definitely not it.  These are larger and floppier.
1,You get what you pay for. Based on user reviews, I knew I was rolling the dice with this purchase. It's an inexpensive product, so cheap manufacturing is expected.		Some work. Mine didn't.
1,I have never had such problems with guitar strings. I've been playing for about 15 years, and these are my least favorite I've ever bought. For starters, they don't stay in tune very well. I get some times strings need to be adjusted, but these are like every single day. Also, they don't hold up very well. I usually just strung along to country music, and I've flown thru these strings. They pop so easy with just a little bending, very disappointed.
1,I bought this item by the recommendation of a sales person at a guitar store.  I can't tell you if it is a good product or not because I can't get the driver to load into my Windows 10 PC with 64 bit operating system.  Here are 2 recommendations the tech support person told me:	3. Visit your computer manufacturer's page and check for updates to the following	~USB controllers	~Chipset/motherboard	~BIOS		4. If all else fails then you will want to either do a system restore as far back as possible or reinstall your OS. We have seen a number of install failures on HP computers and the only 100% fix is this.		Did you see that..."reinstall your OS"  You got to be kidding!		I reviewed their forums regarding the error message I received and saw that I was not the only one who has had this problem.  As far as I could tell, no one was able to find a satisfactory solution.  This problem has been around for months, if not years and still hasn't been resolved by driver/software updates.		I think this company caters to Apple compatible products primarily, and secondarily to PC compatible products.  So, if you have a PC, you might do better to find something else manufactured by a company who makes products with PC compatibility at the forefront of their attentions.
1,Excellent build quality, and very strong construction. . . . . . . but WAY too heavy, for the lightweight Ubass!
1,Says in the description that it WILL FIT a Fender Blues Junior III, which is the most current model.  Well, it does not.  Waste of time and money.  Would have looked nice, but does not fit.
1,I bought the purple ones as well, which were fine. One of these came damaged...it was much less sensitive than the other. And then one day later, it completely failed.
1,Well, it didn't claim to work on Windows 7 so I guess that's my bad. I took a chance on this cable because the one in our local music store cost $60. I wanted to connect a Micro Korg to my Windows 7 laptop. The $60 cable did the trick...unfortunately.
1,It was cheap enough but it didn't work on my PC.	The instrument could see it but when I would try to send info back to the device it couldn't see the device.	The forums told me to spend the extra money and get a good one.	I wound up spending $30 and got a E-MU midi 1X1 V3 USB MIDI Interface.	I plugged it in and off I went.		It would cost more then it was worth to mail it back so I basically just through it in the trash.
1,i bought this thinking that it would help me get used to high tension strings(being a ukulele player) i was excited to get one of these guitars. Sadly, after putting on nylon strings then acoustic steel strings, the neck of the guitar couldn't take the tension. Long story short, the guitar broke in half. This is a waste of money for people seriously about playing guitar; however, i did make good use of the spare parts. (tuners, picks, strap, gig bag, strap peg etc.)
1,Arrived quick. I was dissatisfied with guitar quality.
1,Near perfect.  I wish it kept time better when you are changing speeds but that is not a big problem.  My only real concern is that you have to remember to switch it off.  The light goes off automatically, but on mine the machine does not shut down, even if stopped.  Then it will eat a high quality battery in 24 hours or less.  It ought to have automatic shut down since that is a low cost circuit these days.		Edit number one: metronome was good using the enclosed power supply.  Unfortunately, used remotely with a  9Volt battery, its battery consumption was outrageous.  Next the power supply recently failed and then the watch completely failed and would not run on 9 volt batteries.  This is a pretty high priced metronome and failure in this short period of time is unacceptable.  I will buy another brand even though I am a drummer.
1,The mic stand arrived broken.  Not a very good quality stand anyway.  Neither is the mic cable.		The mic?  It's a SM58.  Can't really go wrong there. That's the only reason this gets two stars.  Otherwise, it'd be one star.		I'm sending it ALL back because of the stand.  I will just buy the components separate and get a better quality boom stand.
1,Stopped working after only 2 1/2 months.  Still has power (bought the power adapter), but suddenly last week the line in/out stopped working.  Tested all cables so it is somewhere inside of the unit.  Kills the signal whether it's active or bypassed, output A or direct output.  Just poor quality.
1,Personally, I started playing and the amp went in and out, but I don't care about that all to much...	So, my dad loves rock and roll, I grew up listening to it my whole life... and when I asked him what his favorite guitar was he said a Les Paul.. So.. I looked around and boom fell inlove with this guitar...	So, it came and I was tickled. This is my dads favorite guitar... Yeaaaah man!!! Doing my dad proud!! Dad gets home, and I show him my new guitar " I have so many I lost count" and so, at first sight he hates it and says in not a real les paul	Heart sunk...
1,Glad it got stolen. Basically a toy.
1,Do your homework. The telecaster neck is metric and over standard Tele heel width and needs careful adjustment that may be beyond your equipment capability. Nice neck for the price but you need some experience to buy these and make them fit and play correctly. Despite what others are saying these are not drop in Telecaster necks. When you open the package check everything in good light, look for cracked fretboards around frets.
1,Didn't sound good on my OM guitar. Strings are very subjective...these weren't for me. Went back to D'Addario Lights again.
1,These tuners are fine but there were two different sizes out of the 6 sent. Four were short and two were tall. They still work but I expected much more from Fender.
1,I have used these strings exclusively for many years. The latest order looked like they'd been played for years and then repackaged. Greeish and totally dead. Worthless.
1,Nice display, but not accurate enough on my larrivee. Back to the boss chromatic I guess...
1,We followed the instructions exactly. It put out less smoke than a candle. You couldn't even see the smoke. It was so pitiful. On the side, it says that you can only use that brand of fog fluid. Scam. DO NOT BUY!!!! A huge scam. Luckily, Amazon let me return...
1,Dont waste your money. Worst clip on tuner I have ever owned. I purchased this to use on a 2nd acoustic guitar. It is very difficult to get the guitar in tune with this tuner. It hunts all over the place looking for the proper note.
1,Good
1,Item was not working when arrived as Brand New, the items have not been fixed, nor was I approved for a refund. I do not have the product, or the money I spent.
1,This thing is horrible. Don't buy it.
1,Ok if you do not know what you want yet.
1,The cables arrived exactly as they're shown in the picture, however some of them didn't appear to be in good condition at all at first inspection. After patching my board together I learned at least two of the cables were defective and would pass sound at about one one thousandth the volume of a properly working cable.	For the price, it might be worth the risk to buy some if you're on a budget. Don't expect excellent quality, expect these to hold you off until you can afford something better.
1,What I have been looking for is a mini amp that you can get a clean sound out of. This amp had a barely tolerable clean sound and would overdrive like crazy. The deal breaker was that the tone knob did not work. I sent it back for that reason.
1,Okay, I bought this item to hook up my keyboard with garageband, and at first, when I set it up, it didn't work at all, but then I realized what was wrong.  The cables are marked MIDI OUT and MIDI IN.  The one marked MIDI OUT goes into the IN, and MIDI IN goes into the OUT.  SADLY THERE IS ANOTHER PROBLEM, it does work, but when I use the pedal for the keyboard, it registers it as another note, so I can't use the pedal.  So if you are just using the keyboard, this should work, but if you like to use the pedal like I do, you'll have to pay more for a better one.  hope this helps.
1,It was damaged when it arrived. The board inside broke loose and damaged the wiring shorting the terminals together. So when I plugged it in it shorted my amp out. Poor workmanship. The board was mounted with two screws instead of 4 and the corners on both sides broke loose and the board just hung from the wires during transit knocking around for many hours. It was a product of china. The Name MCM not custom audio was on the subwoofer and it is not mentioned in the description if so I never would have ordered it I have made that mistake once already. People need to be upfront about what they sell and then they will have a good business. Don't disguise your product with another name like Pro Audio when it is really MCM Custom audio. Just a lot of lost time and shipping charges. The vendor did offer a full refund and will pick up the product. They were sorry that the product destroyed my amp.
1,Unhappy with it, actually I already replaced them. The method of attachment is poorly designed, it doesn't matter how tight you screw the two sections of the lock with the catch balls, the thread slips and my guitar almost fell down to the ground in a couple of occasions. Expensive locks too.
1,I can't Belive that the neck of my violin came to me without paint. That is unaceptable.... also the strings are so cheap that they didn't resis normal tuning so sad..... Also that case the ziper was broken i could see the white foom inside the case...... sound "medium bad" after change of strings. To be precise after 1 year of playing violing i wouldn't recomend this to begginers it will make transition to a better one kind of hard, but to have silent practice is just ok I WANT A REFOUND ON MY VIOLIN PLZ CHANGE IT I TRY TO CALL BUT NO ANSWER! IM VERY UPSET!
1,I should have listened to the nay-sayers when they wrote warnings of cheapness. This might be my first review that wasn't at least 4 stars (and I buy a lot on here)... It sounds awful on my mic (using for hip hop to add wetness to my snares. No matter how much EQ'ing it is proving difficult to mix a clunky cheap sounding tambourine. Oh well. Save your money and try something in a store. Trust me...
1,I owned one for a short time and found it barely passable as a harmony pedal. You can hear the digital oscillations clearly producing the harmony notes. It has some nice features, but the core of the product needs improvement.
1,Unfortunately I realized later that this product does not fit quality recordings. I not recommend it for serious work. I'm unhappy
1,my Seagull S6 original acoustic guitar does not fit in this bag. the S6 IS a dreadnaught style. not long enough. no sure what the problem was. nice case, with the seagull logo and all, but had to return to sender at a cost of half the purchase price. the seller, JR, was very good about the return and i exchanged for the TRIC CASE produced by Seagull. JR's price was much cheaper than elsewhere and free shipping of the new case.  DREADNOUGHT BAG SHOULD FIT A DREADNOUGHT GUITAR. AM I MISSING SOMETHING HERE!
1,its a convience but this adapter provided a lot of static when I used it in my amp. Tried a different adapter and it worked fine. I'l; use this one as a backup.
1,Got this for my Taylor 914ce Grand Auditorium. Noticed it is very misaligned and wobbly upon assembly. No way will I prop my Taylor up on it, but will chance my Yamaha APX500 on it, as long as it's suported by a wall. Overall not even worth $12, and you'd have to be crazy to try using THIS stand to suport and or showcase a Instrument that is also a Work of Art. Live and learn. Not recommended at all.
1,Let's face it, the Next Step concept is flawed to begin with, and this is a half-baked workaround.		EHX had an interesting idea in making a line of pedals without mechanical parts, and which are therefore incredibly smooth to operate.  The problems that arise:  the pedals won't park in any position except toe down; the pedals can't be fixed to one location on a pedal board; the pedals have moving cables hanging off of them, which kind of defeats the point of having eliminated the moving parts.  (The Next Step Expression pedal would actually have been very effective if it came with a wireless receiver instead of working with traditional cables.)		That said I actually like these pedals despite their limitations.  The Next Step Pan pedal in particular is a real bargain, functioning as a buffered blender in addition to having all sorts of other cool applications, there's really no competition for it, and I've looked for a long time.		But this cradle doesn't make things better, it makes them much worse.  When the pedal is in the cradle, if it slides forward or back even a fraction of an inch (and it will whenever you actually USE it), it will be blocked by the lip of the cradle and no longer travel it's full range.  It's incredibly clunky, distracting, and unreliable.  It is far, far worse, than anything else you might simply find laying around your house, e.g. an old hunk of plywood, or whatever.  I simply can't imagine what they were thinking here.  And there's nothing special about it's ability to fasten the pedal to your pedal board.  It's just a loop of Velcro; there are a dozen ways to do this yourself.		Sadly, it's a missed opportunity.  What the Next Step line really needs is a cradle with a pivot point, that could hold the pedals in one place, and optionally allow them to hang in a neutral position rather than toe down - but mainly for the purpose of keeping them from floating around and causing trouble.  None of that is happening here.  I've put more thought into this review than anyone put into designing this slab of plastic.		I love almost everything EHX does, but seriously, DO NOT spend $15 on this ridiculousness.
1,I used this in a customers home because he wanted a cheap way to Karaoke. I connected these mics and his laptop to his home theater system through a small tabletop mixer.  The range was about 60' from the base before the sound started to cut out.  When using for Karaoke, there is a slight delay from the time you speak into the mic to the time you hear it through the speakers which makes it almost impossible to use for my need.
1,Don't buy these they are junk!. they fall apart and don't stay on your desk, get the Rode instead.
1,did not fit my Strat as stated... I missed the cutoff for returning due to extended work trip... oh well.
1,painfully cheap construction....arrived badly damaged so it was dissembled to get buttons back on the switches in case the replacement did not arrive in time. This thing is a joke inside.
1,Ok for price.  However, look closely and you'll see that there are no threaded holes (like the ones on quality racks), just large squares for insertion of awkward clips.  I guarantee you that you will hate them.  Furthermore, the tightening mechanism for the top (where your mixer will go, I assume) is faulty, leaving the top loose even when tightened to the max.  And, tightening to the max means to the point of bending the turning pin.
1,Update: I just lowered my rating to "one" star because of the misplacement of the bridge which makes it almost impossible to tune this guitar correctly. If not for that, which Fender says it will NOT fix without a receipt, this guitar would get a five star rating. As it is, one star is too much. It is a sorry company that will not stand behind the quality of their instruments.	________________	I just bought one of these guitars (used) and am cleaning it up and changing out a few parts.		The cutout back on this guitar is like the cut on the back of Strats. It makes it extremely easy on the ribs while playing sitting down. If they had cut the front out (like the Strat) this guitar body would have been perfect.		The neck is finished really nice in a glossy poly. It looks better than the standard Strat and Tele necks, and it definitely feels better.		As far as the way it sounds: It sounds like crap to me. The front pickup reads 13.28 Ohms while the back one reads 13.79. I am not sure what Fender was thinking when they put a pickup like that in the neck position. The pickups are BHK, which is to say they are more or less the same as the Epiphone pickups. This company makes pickups for several manufacturers, and overall they are decent pups. I am not in the camp that doesn't like Epi pickups. I think they sound great. That said: I have removed both of these "Fender" pups and am replacing them with a pair of Epiphone Humbuckers that came out of a Les Paul. The front reads 8.55 while the back reads 14.25.		The over-wound front pickup that comes on these blacktop guitars is way too bassy for me. Other folks like that sound, but I want a more mellow classic sounding neck pickup. The Epi will do the trick.		I will also be putting in some new CTS pots and a new .023 cap, along with a cap on the volume to keep the highs from rolling off when the volume is turned down. The tone pot on the guitar I just bought is defective. The volume pot seems OK, but if I am going to the trouble of changing one, I might as well change both of them.		I have two really old Fenders that I play most of the time (both over 40 years old), but I like to tinker when something nice comes my way. This is a "nice" guitar now, but it will be a "great" guitar when I get done with it and get it set up. :)	________________	Update: Continued from above.	I know this post is old as Moses, but I thought I would come back and give an update on my project. Fender has dropped the ball with these guitars. On the one I have, the bridge is NOT placed back far enough to get the intonation correct. You will have to remove the spring on the low "E" string to get it to go back enough to get it close. When I contacted Fender, I was told that if I didn't have my receipt there was nothing they could do about it. They made a batch of defective guitars and now won't fix them.		It seems to me that it shouldn't matter if a person is the original purchaser or not when there is a major issue with quality that affects tuning the guitar. I have purchased Fenders for more than 40 years. This was my last one. If a company will not stand behind its products, especially one that cost hundreds of dollars, they will not be getting my business in the future.
1,Doesn't look anything like the picture shows
1,I had to fix both of the guards with a substantial amount of work. I could have used tape or made my own using some recycled plastic in much less time and headache.
1,As soon as I opened the box, I've noticed that one button was missing. Then I have inserted instruments and checked the signal, but one channel was not working and the second had some noises! Not recommend!
1,Hope you know how to solder!
1,I ordered this and one of the plastic T-junctions was broken when it arrived.  I had an old, beat-up stand with parts, so I pulled one off to replace it, and it did the job.  But I wouldn't use this to mount metal lights.  For lightweight plastic PAR 64 LEDs, I'm sure it will be just fine.
1,The effects sound processed.  The headphone feedback had a weird electronic swish in it.  Fail.
1,Poor sound, like a broken speaker with loads of feedback.
1,Doesnt sound as bright ad Daddario
1,Great for beginners. Mono line output and missing midi implementation. Stay away.
1,Packaging has been damaged, cable was not quality, have not heard one side, did not have the proper sound, this is a very bad cable.
1,I love Ernie Ball and I've been a regular user over the years.	I was so negatively surprisde by the fact that there were some coating defects on the first string.	This is simply not acceptable.	I'll take my chances with D'addario
1,A very little guitar. Dificult to afinate.	Disappointed.
1,Update to this review: Originally I scored it perfect however after five uses the threads have completely stripped out/off. This is for mobile use to it has to be disconnected from the goose-neck. I never over torqued! when I say the threads stripped off, they are not even there anymore. It is as if the threads were painted on or it is made from aluminum foil. The goose-neck threads are fine and I never cross threaded. It may work for someone threading once and leaving it, but not good for mobile use at all.
1,Well there cheap 2 put of the six were not right very lose wasent happy but this is a you get what u pay for item
1,Flare is uneven and doesn't match guitar neck radius. Useless.
1,I think the manual isn't very good for the beginner, I sent it back.
1,WHAT A LOAD OF CRAP! This guitar was billed as new but has RUST ON THE FRETS! And SERIOUS FRET WEAR!!!!! It plays like a well worn shop demo model.  I feel seriously RIPPED OFF. I also paid extra for next day delivery and it took 4 days!  But it doesn't matter, the guitar is NOT PLAYABLE. It's a good price, but so what? Rusted frets? Worn down to a knub at some positions?		I"m a long time Amazon Customer. I"m a PRIME Member for goodness sake! I expected a NEW guitar. And instead I get this!!!		DO NOT BUY ONE OF THESE, THEY ARE NOT NEW!!!!! REFURB/FLOOR UNIT/CRAP!!!!		Todd
1,Doesn't really do anything. I still just feel like it muffled the sound like other ear plugs. Just my opinion.
1,Guitars: Taylor GA3-12 w/Expression system; Alvarez Baritone w/Fishman Rare Earth Blend pickup; Fishman Loudbox 100w Acoustic Amp. I have been a professional guitarist for over 30 years, and have owned a boatload of Taylors, Takamines, and now Martins.		Sorry, I tried these in lieu of my usual Elixirs, and will not use them again. They essentially died after about 2 weeks...went from "boing" to "fump". Elixirs on the other hand usually last up to six months before they start getting that dead, "fump" sound. I also picked up a set for my baritone guitar, and just for comparison mixed 2 of the bronze D'darrios with the elixirs...within a week the d'darrios were "fumped" and dead, while the Elixirs remained bright with great sustain.		I gave them one star because, until they died, they sounded great. I could not justify another star because I now have to replace them...first time in like 10 years that I have had to change strings in less than 4 months.		If I were a touring musician with money to burn, and a road tech that strung and tuned my guitars for me, they would be fine. It is true that new Elixirs are very bright in tone, while the D'Darrios have a nice warm tone at the start, but in my view, after about two weeks the Elixirs are broken in and keep a warm tone with great sustain for months after.
1,Bag arrived with a large tear in one end. Mid-tower tightener broke on first use. Pretty unimpressive all around.  They do hold the speakers though....
1,One light burnt out within a week of owning it.
1,2 strings broke while stretching them and can't get hold of D'Addario on their website!!! A little upset!!!!!!;;!;
1,You can see my original review below. But after playing with this thing some more, its downright awful and can't do what it claims to do. I was having issues with the sound and tone of the harmony function so I set the pedal to only output the modified signal. I played a few notes from the Key of E, which is setting 5 and set it for the 6th interval (level +3 which is confusing as annoying as hell already). The following is a video I made. I played a few open notes and an open E chord.	[...]	According to Behringer Tech Support, they claimed something was wrong with the processor. I got a replacement. IT SOUNDED THE EXACT SAME!	Terrible. Don't bother with this purchase. Total crap.		original.	I just got it last night and I played with it for a bit. It has a lot of functionality for a small, $45 pedal. It does what it says it does, however, I'm just left saddened that the effects sound as synthetic as they do. The directions aren't as helpful as they could be. It explains the dialing of the harmony and pitch but its still a bit confusing. I look forward to playing with it some more. Looking to get that 3rd or 5th harmony on the stuff I play. I won't have much use for the Whammy Bar and Flutter options unless I play a hard-tail. One thing I don't like is you need to physically change the knobs to use all the options. For example, if you're playing live or recording, there's no way you can use a Flutter or Divebomb option and also use the harmony or pitch shifter.
1,Good clip BUT ironically doesnt fit a Shure SM58 Mic.  The holder is too big.  Didnt worry about sending it back due to price.
1,broke after a short period of time. not the best quality.
1,I purchased 3 of these for our church.  Now only one channel works on 2 of them.  I hope the seller would contact me or be able to replace them.		[...]
1,Cheap junk!
1,These might be great if they fit right. I have a 1/2 inch thick headstock and the 19mm and 18mm tuning machines are a joke. There practically recessed into the headstock. Waste of time and money
1,This tuner is so slow. I use it with guitar (standard tuning) and 5 string bass in studio (I would never trust it live). On guitar, it pics up 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th strings pretty good. But 5th and 6th you have to pluck over and over just to get it to register. Same on bass except, I have never gotten it to recognize low B even though the manual says it will tune a 6 string bass. However, once you do get it to recognize something, it seems to be accurate.
1,quality is fine but did not line up with my tremolo block so basically useless.
1,Hard to bend and doesn't hold shape. I ended up giving it to a friend, as it wasn't worth shipping it back to the seller.
1,On the plus side, they stay in tune well and last longer than typical strings. Even though I play overdriven rock music, I found these strings to be "too much." The magnetic pull on the pickups produced a compressed sound that is similar to having pickups too close to strings, even if I tried to lower pickups more (on Ibanez JEM with Gravity Storm pickups). Sound lost the punch and nuance. The high E string also broke with just a slight pull up on the tremolo bar after one week. I went back to the traditional Ernie Ball Super Slinky strings and fell back in love with the beautiful "balanced" tone and stability they provide.
1,The reason for the low score is that it was delivered with a broken footswitch.  It will engage, but it makes a super loud hum when it is pushed down. The company I bought it from was willing to have it returned, but it was going to cost about $15 to ship it back to China.  The pedal only cost around $30.  Not sure how I would have rated it if it actually worked.  The sound is good, but I had to turn the bass all the way down. Perhaps that part of the pedal is broken as well.
1,I bought the nanoPAD2 based on the rewarding experience I've recently had with the Korg nanKontrol2&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Korg-nanoKONTROL2-Slim-Line-USB-Control-Surface-Black/dp/B004M8UZS8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Korg nanoKONTROL2 Slim-Line USB Control Surface, Black</a>&nbsp;which is a very nice inexpensive, compact control surface.		Sad to say, I don't hold the same opinion for the nanoPAD2 - the pads aren't too sensitive, the touch controller on the left side is pretty cheesy, and the unit I received wouldn't do the factory default key-change function on one pad properly, so back it went.		If you are on a dirt cheap budget, then maybe you can live with the shortcomings of this unit, but why not invest a bit more to get something that you'll enjoy using? If you are looking for something small with great pads (once you get used to them), the QuNeo&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Keith-McMillen-Instruments-QuNeo-3D-Multi-Touch-Pad-Controller/dp/B0079SUMG8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Keith McMillen Instruments QuNeo 3D Multi-Touch Pad Controller</a>&nbsp;is worth considering - I have seen it offered locally for around $150.
1,These are pretty good, if you can find one that isn't defective. This is the second one I've bought that had a twisted cantilever. Quality control at Shure isn't what it used to be...
1,its not for me, I'm staying with VOX
1,TOO SMAL
1,Doesn't work very well and moves around a lot.
1,Does not work right. Only one knob makes a difference.
1,I use this system in a small mobile stage setup.  The base is in a rack with amps next to the stage.  The mics work well for performers on the stage, no more than 17 feet away.  However, the mics also get used in front of the stage, and they begin to break up about 20-25 feet from the base.  They are also difficult to get into a wireless mic clip, because of the various shape of the handles.  You should see people trying to jam this mic back into a clip.  They feel great, with a rubberized coating, although I'd be afraid if they were dropped. (that is why I didn't spend much money on them afterall).  I'm not happy that the power supply is an old school transformer, which doesn't work well in a rack setup, so I have an extension cable inside.		UPDATE:  After use at several concerts I have to lower my rating.  They just aren't reliable.  Occasionally, a microphone will not work at all.  The outputs on the back of the transceiver do not all work correctly, normally I have to use the xlr output to get signal from all 4 microphones.  The 1/4 jacks don't all function as they are supposed too, especially not the combined output jack.  The worst is that the mics will cut out with the slightest peaking signal, even within 10-15 ft of the rack.  I mean they are literally steps away from the unit and they will cutout, anything beyond 20 feet and you are out of luck for sure.  Use fresh batteries every time to avoid signal problems, but there are still no guarantees.  I wish I had my money back.
1,I bought this amp twice in one week - first one I purchased was dented and the fans didn't run, only channel A put out sound.  Returned it to amazon, bought a replacement, opened this one... same problem, dented case, "void if opened" sticker was half peeled off and channel B was the only one to work this time..... from the looks of the reviews on this site, I am not the first, and probably won't be the last to be ripped off on "re-packaged" broken amps that obviously the manufacturer is trying to offload on the unsuspecting.... boo Pyle!!!!!
1,I received the product today and at the same time, Algoriddim released an update for their Idjay app.  On the update, there's a warning that this controller is not compatible with the new IOS6.  If you've already upgraded to the new OS, hold off on buying this until Numark fixes the problem.  I will unfortunately return this.  Nothing to do with Amazon.  The service is great as usual.
1,Not impressed. I bought this amp based on other reviews I read and am disappointed and feel I wasted my money. I dislike it so much that I bought another brand within a few months and am much happier with that amp. In my opinion It's difficult to get any variety of clean sounds out of this amp. In fact there are even you tube videos people have made on how to get a clean sound out of it. What does that tell you? My one HUGE complaint is that, unless I am doing something wrong, there is no setting to bypass all preset tones and simply put this amp in manual mode to make the exact sound you want. As I understand this amp, you have to choose one of the preset sounds and you can alter that sound. But most of the preset ones are distortion type sounds and I like a cleaner type of tone. The amp I just bought to replace this one has a manual mode that bypasses all the preset tones, so I can tailor a sound to exactly what I want. I don't Have to choose one of the preset sounds and then try to work with that limitation. I recommend you try this amp out in person before buying it based solely on reviews. I didn't do that and should have. When I visit my local guitar store the amps I see people playing most are Line 6 amps. I spent $100 more on a different amp and I think $300 is the minimum you should spend to get a great sounding amp. I think The extra $100 I spent is reflected in the sound quality.
1,Garbage. The bits that screw down the strings and as soft as lead and scrape easily. I wanted to sell a Jackson "Dinky: which has a stripped one of those and this was no good as a replacement. You get what you pay for I guess.
1,Low quality will break after a few uses
1,I was looking forward to picking up the classical guitar again and do some home-made recordings. I wanted a medium-priced acoustic-electric classical 6-string. The first thing that caught my interest about the Cordoba C5 is that is has a Fishman pick-up and built-in tuner.		So, I went to Guitar Center and plugged it into some amp they had set up, maybe it was a Trace-Elliot acoustic amp or something. Don't quite remember. It hissed and was a little noisy. I honestly thought it was just the amp making all that noise. Other than that, I really liked the way the guitar played and felt in my hands. I'm a bass guy by trade so feel and comfort means everything to me.		And being that Guitar Center is nothing more than the Wal-Mart of the music industry, I left that place and ordered the guitar online from another dealer. Because of their lousy service, I buy all my gear online now.		So when I got it, I plugged into my home set-up and it was hissing and noisy. I was very, very disappointed. Keep in mind I have a reasonable set-up and use a Mackie VLZ-3 mixer and a digital Roland VS studio and connect everything together with overpriced Monster cables. The tuner wasn't much help either. I trust my ear more than that mess.		So I boxed it up and shipped it back. All the thousands of $'s I've spent on online orders for bass gear, recording gear, PA gear, and I've never had to return anything til I found the Cordoba C5.		Acoustically, it looks nice, plays nice and sounds great. But electrically, it's garbage.
1,First off the box was destroyed when it arrived.  It had been previously opened.  The ring that was supposed to be in the locking pin for the seat was found floating around in the bottom of the box and was almost completely straight.  In other words, someone had used it and pulled it too hard and it's a cheap wire and it was pulled out of shape.  The directions for assembly are horrible and looking at the pictures is the best way to assemble.  It's really not fully portable as described.  Someone had a good idea for this type of stool, but the execution of the product is poorly done and it really is not comfortable to sit on.  You cannot get the back to position correctly for comfort.  To collapse the stool you really need to take the back completely off.  The back is a pain as instead of it being a pin lock type system as the seat is, this thing fully screws in with a plastic knob screw.		Me thinks it needs to be re-engineered to make this a decent product.  Decided for the price ~$125.00 it was too expensive to keep as it really is not comfortable for a guitar player to use.  A regular bar stool with back rest and foot rest works just as well.  If you have the room in your vehicle, the bar stool doesn't really take up that much more room then this product when taken apart.		Very disappointing.
1,Plastic comes apart in days and doesn't even work well. And what's with all the fake reviews?
1,Did not work as intended. Phantom power was nonexistent, I might have just gotten a lemon but I'm not buying another one.
1,maybe ok for kids
1,low price... but I struggle to get battery in without it falling apart every time.  not unique to mine... the design is not good.  when you can get it to stay in one piece it does work.
1,Striped really cheap bent and striped broke as I put the on real cheap
1,I didn't have the control over the effect that I wanted so I returned it and may get something else.
1,Don't know what this was made for?
1,I bought two of these back in 2015, in part because of the "Limited Lifetime Warranty". Here's the object lesson, stress on the limited. One of mine has the same issue so many others have complained about where one leg won't stay locked and the stand collapses. Its always been a bit funky, hard to lock etc. After weeks of back and forth with Ultimate Support, including two+ weeks of ignore, they've announced that they don't consider this a warranty issue and now want me to ship it to them for inspection. At the rate of $25 an hour plus any parts costs. No doubt I'd have to provide a credit card to charge up front. Funny thing is early on they offered to sell me a replacement part for $5.50 + shipping. I have no doubt this is because the issue is well known and understood at Ultimate. Its either a design defect or a weakness in the design. Can't wait for the second one to fail and dump another of my guitars on the floor.
1,for the price you cant expect much.. its a tone sucker, pretty noisey and a really s*** plastic body to contain it.. NOT recommended AT ALL
1,Both the Shure SM57 and SM58 microphones (which, by the way, are the same on the inside) are considered industry workhorses. You see these things pop up everywhere, from studios to live gigs to concerts on TV. They are everywhere. Which I find a bit strange because, frankly, they aren't that good.		The design of these mics goes back about 40 years. But a lot has happened with microphone technology during that time. These models may have been very good decades ago, but they are really showing their age. The most prominent problem with them is the sound quality... they are quite "honky," making vocalists sound much more nasal than they really are. There are some situations where that might be okay (such as miking a guitar cabinet that lacks upper mid-range), but these models do not make good vocal mics.		In a shootout in my studio with more than 20 different models of mics, the SM57/58 were near the bottom of the list. Virtually every other microphone we tested sounded better. And I'm not talking about comparing it to $3500 Neumann U87 mics either... more than half of the mics we used were under $150. Other, better choices in a similar price range are the AKG D5, Heil Sound PR 22, or stepping up to the Shure Beta 57, which is much, much better. And all of which have better off-axis rejection and higher gain before feedback.		I know that nearly everyone uses these mics, but that doesn't actually mean they are that good. There are much better choices for your money.		On the plus side, both the SM57 and SM58 are nearly bullet-proof. You can really abuse them and they'll sound just like they did when they were brand-new.
1,Arrived broken. Returned. Bought Boss loopstation $99. Don't waste your time.
1,It looks really nice and fits my guitar perfect. I would give 5 stars but the latches are terrible. They are very loose and I'm not sure if I trust them to stay latched and keep my guitar safe. Not sure if I'm happy with it or not. What's the point of a hardshell if you're not confident that it will do it's job..
1,Its a print on plastic, the lower surface is a adhesive. I would recommend buying from StewMac for better quality and finish.
1,From Greg Abrams review, entitled "For all but the tone snobs," a review further down on this product's page:		"Alright, so you want to get a good (if somewhat "basic") distortion sound for less than $100? This is your deal."		I strongly disagree.  You can find MUCH BETTER distortions for $100 or less, even a few near or under the $40 mark the DS-1 is currently priced at.		I've played guitar for over 10 years.  Like many people one of my first pedal purchases was the DS-1.  Afterall, everyone talks about them, they're available at any given music store in the nation, you hear about all these famous musicians using them, plus a DS-1 is actually pretty cheap!  So I snapped one up just like everyone else.  Come to find out that just because something is POPULAR, that doesn't always mean its GOOD (see: Nickelback, the Transformers movie franchise, the Kardashian family, etc...).		So I plugged it in and didn't really care for it.  The distortion was harsh, thin, artificial sounding and always noisy.  I tried it on both my amps (My practic amp: a solid state Fender Frontman 25R, and my big amp, the B-52 AT100, which is a 100w tube halfstack) It was was not very diverse, and the basic sound was not very likeable to me.  I've read the Japanese made DS-1's are better in sound than the newer, made in Taiwan models but, either way, the DS-1 is just not a great pedal in my mind.		But, like many newer players, I didn't know any better at the time.  Fast forward a few years and I've bought and sold literally dozens of pedals.  There is a whole world of great tones to be found out there if you keep your eyes open.		So here are some pedals I currently own that I like much better than the DS-1.  All of them are great general purpose distortions, easy enough to find new and used in most guitar shops, and can, at the time of this writing, be bought brand new for $75 or less here on good ol' Amazon.com, and are rugged enough to last for years:		<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Boss-DS-2-Turbo-Distortion/dp/B0002CZV8C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Boss DS-2 Turbo Distortion</a>:  Lest I catch any flames from people thinking I'm a Boss hater (I'm certainly not, I loved the TU-3, the ODB-3, the MD-2, and the XT-2, among others) I'll start with the DS-1's big brother.  This pedal has a much nicer tone to it, not to mention 2 distinct distortion modes.  The I setting is pretty much a higher quality DS-1, the II setting is a brighter, richer tone.  As the DS-1 completely overshadows the DS-2 in popularity, you can find DS-2's all over ebay for very cheap prices.  A very worthy pedal, unfortunately overlooked by many.		<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Pro-Co-RAT2/dp/B0002MSQVQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Pro Co RAT2</a>:  Great dirty distortion pedal.  Probably my personal favorite.  You've heard this box used on literally hundreds if not thousands of songs in the last 30 years, its used by just a ridiculous amount of guitarists.  Its a rich, full distortion that at higher gains gets slightly fuzzy.  I've never heard a bad tone out of mine. Its great for getting a "big amp" kind of sound out of a small practice amp.  Its also great for pushing a big amp with too much headroom into the overdriven sweet spot without having to crank the amp volume.  A truly excellent pedal.		<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/EHX-Little-Big-Muff/dp/B000T517Y4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">EHX Little Big Muff</a>:  The Big Muff is another pedal you've heard on hundreds of songs.  Its kind of a fuzz, kind of a distortion, but definitely owns its own sonic territory.  Very big, saturated and warm.  Used heavily in the 70's for classic rock tones, also in the 90's and beyond for tons of grunge and garage.  Used by everyone from Carlos Santana and David Gilmour to the Smashing Pumpkins, Dinosaur Jr. and Jack White.  I personally reccomend the Little Big Muff, not only is it a touch creamier in tone than the recent NYC reissue, its smaller, uses a regular 9v adapter and its CHEAPER!  A great pedal.		<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/MXR-Distortion/dp/B0002E520C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">MXR Distortion +</a>:  The Distortion + is a great first distortion, and can usually be found pretty cheap.  Whats nice about the Distortion + is that it sounds great on anything, and the lack of a tone knob helps keep it somewhat transparent, i.e. you can more easily hear the natural tone of your guitar and amp, it doesn't cover over your equipments sound.  Used by quite a few famous folks, including the Greatful Deads Jerry Garcia, Randy Rhoads (Ozzy's famous guitarist) and Steve Jones of the Sex Pistols.		<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Danelectro-CM-1-Cool-Cat-Metal/dp/B000A40NAI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Danelectro CM-1 Cool Cat Metal</a>:  Make sure you get the Cool Cat Metal, NOT the Metal II.  That's a fine pedal as well, but its definitely more of a traditional metal pedal.  The Cool Cat Metal, or CM-1, is actually a very very different pedal from most metal pedals.  Basically, its a pre-amp that sits on the floor.  It has a fully adjustable EQ with tons of volume and gain through the roof.  So you can do anything from a clean boost (with the gain at minimum there is virtually NO coloration to your tone) to high gain metal stuff, with plenty of great overdrive and rock tones in between.  It works well with any amp I've tried it on, and you can find tons of great sounds.  Its an unbelievably versatile pedal, and its even true bypass.  The best part is, Danelectro seems to have made way too many of them, so you can easily find one used or even new for under $30.  A true hidden gem that's actually CHEAPER than a DS-1.		<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Joyo-JF-03-Crunch-Distortion/dp/B005LYIW3W/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Joyo JF-03 Crunch Distortion</a>:  This little guy surprised me.  Its supposedly a clone of the MI Audio Crunch Box, and, if so, that must be one awesome pedal too.  Its essentially a Marshall stack in a box, and boy does it ever succeed at that.  Great crunch, tons of volume and gain, it really can make your practice amp sound like a big ragin' stack!  It even sounded good going into my modeling amp (very few pedals work well with my modeling amp, and this one even sounded better than the Marshall simualtion built in), and you can get a brand new one for $40 shipped, fantastic!		Speaking of Joyo, I've had a few of their pedals as well as one or two from MOEN, another Chinese pedal maker, and I'm honestly floored by how nice they sound given their shockingly low price tag (especially the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/MOEN-MO-FM-Fuzz-Moo/dp/B007L5PVI8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">MOEN MO-FM Fuzz Moo</a>&nbsp;which honestly out Big Muffs every Big Muff I've ever played through).  So JOYO and MOEN, they both make a variety of great sounding fuzz, od, and dirt pedals, check them out (and before anyone gets all up in arms about supporting a Chinese company, please keep in mind that NONE of the pedals listed in my review, DS-1 included, are made in America, let alone the western hemisphere).		Hopefully these suggestions give you something to look for.  Also, if you can't actually try a pedal out at the store, YouTube is great place to hear demos of what different pedals can do.		I should also mention that if you try and love the DS-1 and it suits your needs, than more power to you.  Tone is subjective, every pedal sounds different running through different guitars and amps, and just because I may share different opinions on something that you love, that's okay.  My main reason for posting this lengthy review is to give newer players some information.  You have PLENTY of options for distortion pedals, the DS-1 is NOT the only thing out there that's affordable.  Find something you truly love and buy that.  If its the DS-1, one of the pedals I've mentioned here, or anything else, the important part is that it sounds right to YOU.
1,Very cheep. Sculls are silk creened  on the top. Wasn't what I thought. Shipped from China took 3 weeks
1,They do last about three times longer than 80/20s, but that doesn't count for much if they break. I had these on for a week and the high E snapped when I tuned it up to an F#. (The set that came equipped on my guitar lasted quite a while, which is how I know they keep their tone longer). Also they sound a bit dull.
1,Well, I have mixed feelings. That's why I gave a 2 stars review after re-testing it.	I bought this mic because I wanted to record me playing a brass instrument as part of my training. Since I'm a beginner I did not wanted to invest more than $150 or even $200 in a professional mic. So I checked  extensively on the web and this one came out handy. You can see on the picture it shows a DSLR camera. So I plugged it in my Nikon D-800 and for my surprise there was no sound at all. I realize I needed to connect the 3.5 adaptor (used for iPhones) and that's the only way to record. The problem is the sound is mono. Well, maybe not such a big deal since many other more expensive ones are also mono and I still don't know if I can compensate during the editing.	The only similar one (around same price) in stereo has a short cable so no use to record closer to my instrument.	I tested it on my iPhone and it worked just fine and stereo. Maybe for interviews it works very well. All the three adaptors work fine on th iPhone.	I'm not still sure if I will return it. I have to record more videos with my camera playing my instrument and see the results.	For the money it is a good mic with two adaptors and a small purse. It comes with an USB card which I have no idea how to use it.	I accessed the website. It is very poor. I tried to click on the vip area but nothing happened. No way to contact anyone on that website so I'm not sure what it is doing there. I understand they sell mics and not websites but....	Updated on Nov 30th: After many recordings using my DSLR camera (Nikon) I realize its sound quality is poor, strident and with high level of wheezing. Since I did not buy for interviews or iPhone use and had it for sound recording from my Nikon DLSR I decided to return it.
1,These earphones would be good for casual listening, not as a pair headphones to really get the rich sound while in a environment filled with other sounds/music going on.  They do not fit snug, the wire is a straight cord which interferes with movement in/around the mixer and the have a tendency to "slide" around and off  my head.  Ihad to turn the earphone jack up to the max in order to get an audioable level.  I gave them to my son for his personal music.  Would not purchase item.
1,Buyer beware,because all you get for 10 bucks is a syringe with a tiny bit of synthetic grease and 2 useless applicators. This is marketing genious.	I would just buy a tube of synthetic grease and use a toothpick! At least that would last me a lifetime.
1,Very cheap. Impossible to articulate the mic in the position I wanted. Very little flexibility in that regard. I'd recommend passing on this one unless you just need the cheapest are you can find. It works, but I'm not using it. Found a better way.
1,EQ is not great on this.	The set frequencies for each fader does not make a big difference in sound.	Sounds gets uglier most of the time to be honest.
1,I bought a set of these for one show and one of the tightening knobs on the legs broke the first time I LOOSENED it.		If you tend to over-tighten the knobs on your stands you will almost certainly break them off very quickly.		The carry strap on the bag is apparently sewn on with imaginary thread and tore off the first time I picked it up the wrong way. Though it is nice to have one bag that holds two stands included.		Not good to have two failures the first time you touch them.		For what they cost they are adequate as a rarely-used back up.  If you want better quality then Ulti-Mate or even the entry level, cheap Ulit-Mate stands are far supperior.
1,Not what Is pictured here. I assume what I received is pretty much the same product, electronically. But they probably have some old stock to move(old logo). I did not receive this picture. Was a different version. Like I said, I'm sure exact same product but I like to get "exactly" what I pay for. Don't you?
1,The snare stand is study enough but the stand doesn't come far up for me at all. It's more for a kids snare stand. Because this is for my home practice kit I just took the main snare stand and switched the brace's and it worked. I still don't recommend this for any adults. Sorry 2 star
1,Not happy with it at all!
1,I got this preamp because I heard I needed a preamp as well as phantom power for an AKG studio condenser mic that I was also purchasing; and that it would also "warm up" the sound a bit. That might help for cheap mics but there was absolutely no voice quality difference with 2 mid-range mics under diff recording tests than straight to an Mbox 2 mini. As a matter of fact, I got a little extra noise. (but that is prob due to the extra cable connection) I can't say what it will do for instruments, but for voice, it is totally not necessary if you have a good mic and interface. If not, then you probably need something like this.		Things I liked: Solid metal build, 2 kinds of jacks, price.	Things I hated: Gets very hot doing nothing, No on/off switch (you have to unplug it from the back each time)		Although this preamp may work just swell, those last 2 hated points were enough for me to give it 2 stars.
1,I have fairly thin fingers, in my opinion.  I figured mediums would be good.  Way too tight.  I wish I could have used them.
1,This product arrived damaged and incorrectly wired. I didn't notice until I had already started soldering it into my guitar. The volume pot was totally messed up and didn't work. The board was somehow misaligned with the casing and hanging over one side (see the picture of the volume pot). Because of this it didn't work. The volume was off all the time unless it was in the position that should have been the actual off position. Turn it just slightly 'up', and the volume went off totally for the full sweep of the pot. It appeared to have been this way at the time this wiring harness was assembled - no quality control whatsoever! On top of that the harness was wired incorrectly. The resister on the coil splitting tone pot was soldered to the wrong lugs and grounded out through a lug that should be used for connecting a pickup. This product is of terrible quality. It's just really, really bad. I've had good experiences with lots of other Kmise guitar parts through Amazon, but this one is trash.
1,Okay, not sure if I got a "bad one" or if tuning is just not a concern for most Melodica / Pianica players, but the one I got is badly out of tune. The sound is wonderful, much nicer than the Hohner Piano 36 I used to own. However, the Pianica is not in tune with itself. My old Hohner Melodica was, at least when I first got it. I'd say most of the octave notes are in tune, but some of them are so out of tune that you would not ever want to play those two notes together and this is something I want to do. I've noticed that the tuning of many free reed instruments these days seems to be a real issue. I guess with Yamaha's reputation and the good reviews here I thought I would be avoiding this problem. Maybe I should have paid double for the 36 note Suzuki Melodian? Perhaps it would have the same issue? Not sure if I can return this item or not but if accurate tuning is an issue for you then buyer beware. If you are a beginner or hobbyist then perhaps you don't care. But if you are a professional or semi-professional musician then I think the tuning is unacceptable for a brand new out of the box instrument. Again, superior tone and quality of construction, but the tuning is just too much. Such a shame.
1,neck warped after six months and unfixable..
1,The nylon tips fell off after just a few hours of playing..  a few didn't even last that long..
1,I was unable to rate the quality of the pedal because it simply did not work at all right out of the box. Neither battery or adapter power made any difference.
1,Been using these at work for awhile and I have to say they are pretty awesome for closed back headphones. The sound does not bleed out (which is good for a quiet environment), the build quality is very good, and the general ascetics are very appealing in my opinion. While I think that people who use headphones as a fashion statement (wearing around your neck) are completely stupid, I would not mind having these around my neck in public. The sound quality is pretty good although I would say that there is a little too much bass in my opinion. I prefer my Philips SHP9500 headphones that I use at home over these Audio-Technica ones for purely sound reasons only but the Philips are open back meaning the sound will bleed out quite a lot. So for the circumstances I need them for the Audio-Technica headphones fit the bill. The price reflects the build, design, and sound quality quite well.		***1 AND A HALF YEAR EDIT***	As others have showed in their reviews, my ear pads have been pealing ever since the 1 year mark. They now look like a matted mess. They still sound great so as headphones they function just as great as the day I got them but I wouldn't dare take these out in public.
1,Great feel while playing. Love the ease with which they play. But that being said all of that is useless if they don't resonate and this is the second time I've tried these strings and they simply do not resonate well. The high e string doesn't resonate well at all.  I can't get the guitar to sound good with these strings.  I have a taylor 314ce which came with theses strings.  I thought my taylor sounded great until I decided to try my old go to strings made by d'adario that cost a whole 5 dollars.  It was like night and day.  Maybe someday i will give these another shot but for now I'm content with having strings that don't offer the feel of the elixirs but have superior tone quality.
1,I don't know what the problem is. I just went through 2 high E strings in less than a month. I ordered this pack and gave a set to my friend. I kept 2 for my self thinking they would last me,but the high E quickly broke off...the first time could've been my fault I guess, I was trying to stretch the string out but it broke off. the second time I was just retuning. since I do do that a lot. I go from standard sometimes all the way down to B..As I was dropping the string, it just broke off. i've used nothing but Ernie Ball slinky's since I first began playing guitar and those are the strings that i've pretty much stuck to. They have never broken this quickly ever.		I don't know if it's the quality of the d'addario's or my guitar has some bridge issues.. But I have never had strings break off on me so easily...Since Amazon is only offering Slinky's as add on items I went with these even though I had never used a set ....Maybe I was wrong to try a different brand I had never used..		UPDATE: I was contacted by the company and they were able to solve my issue. I think I may have gotten some old sets,i'm not quite sure,but the year on the box was 2007,i'm not sure if that was the year the strings were made or just a random date on the box. But the company helped out and everything is good now :)
1,Light,easy to set up and a bag is a plus however I don't know if zipper will last long! you have to be careful how  you place stands in the bag so you won't rip zipper. After year and a half of use almost every weekend I have to take rating down. Plastic is really bad on them. After year of use busted and doesnt hold ok. Compared to the other stands i have and use the same way but for lights- those will not last you long if you need to use it frequently. Bag is useless, zipper broke after 3rd time.
1,it's not worth it, sound awful without sub, don't buy it unless you add a sub for another $300, I give 2 stars because its have bt and micro sd card. otherwise it's not worth $250
1,The tips of two of these got stuck inside pedals that forced me to open them up to get the tips out.  I tossed the rest not worth the problems they caused.
1,These are inexpensive, yes. Heavy duty and reliable? No.		If you do ANY sort of gigging or traveling, skip these stands.  These are not well built nor designed well.		The knob that secures the tripod legs in place to the speaker pole on BOTH my stands fails to secure the pole in place. So, when you place any speaker on the stand, the legs move in and make this almost useless.		Pyle makes some cool products. This isn't one of them.		Spend the money and get quality stands.
1,I cant figure out how to work it. So far I cant get it to but it is probably just me.
1,slow and laggy
1,These are way to short, and not grooved. Even though they are actual Fender string trees, they sit WAY LOW (the one I was going to replace (form a 2013 Squier) was grooved and taller. I'd return this, but not worth the hassle.
1,The most annoying cymbal ever made.  Hit this during your first song and it will still be ringing after everyone leaves.
1,nowhere near the strength of signal I was looking for
1,Don't bother with stuff like this. Hold out for a better condenser on a stem. It's more expensive, but  it's not a waste.
1,I put these on my Luna and wow.. think I like them. good tone to them. will have to see how they hold up over time.	but so far so good.		REVISED Review after I had these on my Luna for about 2 weeks and took them off and tossed them in the trash. they sounded dull and felt like silly string mixed with play-doh.- Just Spend the Money And Get the Elixir Acoustic Bass 80/20 Bronze - are they pricey.. yeah a bit but worth it.. these matrins are on my never buy again list.
1,The stand is small and easily stored even in a gig bag, but doesn't have much weight to it. A solid body bass guitar of mine tipped over easily, had to return stand, as it is of no use to me.	Might work fine for acoustic guitars, semi hollow bodies, and maybe even electric guitars, but the heavier you go, basses in particular with the long necks, you'll take a risk ...
1,It didn't come with the extension and I couldn't easily find anything that would have warned me.  Seems like a "1 Spot" I received is just the power cable and not the daisy-chain snake head attachment... so now I have to buy it separate and it costs about as much as you charged me for this!
1,There are issues with these cables or at least the batch that I bought to do 3 pedal boards. I spent over 200 dollars. The tip of the plug was made out of spec "to big (FAT)" and will not work in all pedals, meaning, they will not click and lock in the pedals. boss,MXR, MJM pedals to say a few they won't connect with. I've sent them to Planet Waves with the issue with the cables and I'm still waiting to see what they're going to do. There is some danger to some pedals depending on the input parts used. I'll keep you informed on what planet waves does to fix the problem. They are guarantee for life and btw they're made in china. The warrantee is in very small print and you need a magnifying glass to read it but its there. It is very good low capacitance cable like George L but the plugs like I said are out of spec. We'll see what happens. Again, The tip or ball end of the plug was made over sized and is out of spec.
1,This is an imitation pick guard, anyone that takes pride in their guitar will be very disappointed at piss poor quality of this crap! stay clear!
1,Yes, it is sticky and the name is cool.  When, I perform, my picks get really slick when my hands sweat, and they move around between my fingers.  This was not the answer.  Everything gets sticky, and the picks still move.
1,This is an absolutely horrible product. Do NOT buy if you're looking for anything remotely usable.		a) Wireless packs cut out at ~50ft even with fully extended antenna's. Especially when batteries are running low.	b) Batteries run out in less than 4 hours even on mute.	c) Flimsy components on the headsets, one of them got destroyed by unpacking it from the plastic	d) Absolutely horrible frequency response curve with audible range between 200-10k (very low voices or high pitched voices are unclear)	e) Lavaliers barely pick up anything. Headsets need to be exactly in front of mouth to pick it up. Both microphone types are very much unidirectional by method of a piece of plastic tubing.	f) Gain button on the wireless packs is missing (the hole is there, there is no pot)	g) Squelch system does not seem to work (doesn't make one iota of difference)	h) No balanced outputs (the singular XLR connector is NOT balanced)	i) Large amounts of noise (hum) even when microphone is muted	j) Susceptible to all sorts of interference (people walking in the path, cell phones etc)	k) When batteries start to run out, the packs don't gracefully quit but keep popping in and out	l) Doesn't work with rechargeable batteries (operates in the fashion as if it were a low battery)
1,...flimsy, the wire cuts in and out because it's so thin that any movement breaks up the wire inside.  In other words you get about one use out of this thing before the internal wiring breaks rendering it useless.  The sad thing is that it'd be a great little pickup if they'd just use a larger, better insulated wire.  The pickup itself is great but once that wire breaks it's an expensive paper clip.
1,Terrible. It didn't sync with my keyboard that I had at the time. Make sure you do your research and don't always go for the cheap one. Lesson learned.
1,The worst, low quality strings I have ever used in over 3 decades of playing the guitar. I've used several different strings in my lifetime, from GHS Boomers to Fender Bullets, to my only true love, Ernie Ball Super Slinky's, and I have to say these are the absolute worst strings I've ever played... here is why... They NEVER stay in tune on any guitar I own (and I've tried themon several, from ESPs to Gibsons, to USA Fenders). I am CONSTANTLY tuning these POS strings. One chord after tuning and the whole guitar needs to be re-tuned. Next, they stay bright for about 2 hours. These are some of the deadest feeling/sounding strings I have ever played. I know a lot of people will disagree with me, and I really do not know why so many people love these so much. I thikn it's because they are cheap and marketed well. Sadly, like I said... to me, worst string ever made. Makes sense I was buying these 10 packs for like $16.
1,D String snapped while beginning tuning. I think it was made wrong by accident
1,I decided to get this because I have 14 guitars and buying strings can get expensive. Plus these are the strings I prefer anyways. Had high hopes for it but even looking at the picture I thought "I wonder how they get the strings to not bind up inside?". The answer? They didn't. First string I went to grab was the low E. I followed the instructions and held the rest of the strings in place while pulling and it got stuck. Pulled as hard as I could without risking damage to the string and it would only come out about 6 inches...and then it wouldn't go back in. I tried another string, same thing. I now had 2 low E strings sticking out 6 inches from the box. I had no choice but to open the box up all the way, take apart the plastic spools inside, unwind ALL of the low E strings, and then try to wrap them back up again. The result? I now have 25 brand new low E strings with finger prints all over them. Thought my problems were over once I finished with the 3 wound strings. Nope. Sure enough went to grab a G and it got stuck. Took some serious coaxing to get it out. I would rather pay the extra money for 25 individual sets of these strings than ever get this bulk box again. They didn't even wrap each bundle of strings in protective sleeves either so by the time I use the last few sets they will probably be corroded and useless. Especially the low E's thanks to my prints. Basically what I'm saying is unless you are a guitar repair tech and plan on changing 25 sets of strings in one week do NOT buy this. Waste of money.
1,I expected the product to be "cheap" and it was.  Only wanted it for home use.  Still was unusable.  The picture in the ad shows a curved upper bar which would have accommodated the radius neck on my Strat.  What I received was a capo with a flat upper bar.  Doesn't work.  More frustrating is the product CANNOT BE RETURNED.  Buyer beware.		***UPDATE*** Amazon credited my account for the full amount.  Thanks, Amazon!  Still a big fan.
1,I like lightweight pedals, and was looking for something to throw in the gig bag as a backup, but this thing is awful.  I guess if you've got a really young kid on a total beginner kit it's passable.  But even then, considering that you can buy a Tama IC JR double pedal for 100 bucks, it's just not worth the money.  Put the $28 toward something else.  Anything else.
1,The back straps are connect by metal hooks which dig into your skin when carrying it. Anyone with a Epi knows these things can get heavy so the metal hooks being weighed down on your shoulders is painful and can snag your hair if its shoulder length or more. Remove the metal hooks and its a good bag. I would suggest adding a pocket on the front that holds those skinny practice books and 8x11 paper.
1,I wouldn't ever buy these again
1,Great case at $65 worth 5 stars but at $150 plus it is a real looser. Gator cases at $119 is the best deal I have found. I build guitars so I am always buying cases.  I liked this one and was going to buy few of them but they raised the price.
1,These are not elixir strings they aren't coated with anything!!!
1,These do not fit my Gibson Les Paul despite the claim they do. Unless you want to re-drill the holes in your guitar body to mount these they are useless. I had to re-order ones that will fit.
1,What can i say , this amp sounds GORGEOUS at low volumes but if you have a inconsiderate drummer you will not be heard much without an extention cabinet, now boost this little thing with a cheap pedal like a caline cp 18 orange pedal (25 bucks here on Amazon) and the little thing will put a smile on your face like you have no idea, and be loud enough to be heard comfortably in a practice setting if your band mates play at a reasonable volume,  the tone i get at those volumes are on par if not sweeter than the tones i get at the same volume from my modded jvm 210 believe it or not, get both this combo and the pedal i mentioned , roll down the highs on both amp and pedal and thank me later, enojoy the power tube gritty madness. or just get your strat and play it straight, you will be amazed at how effing SWEET this thing sounds CLEAN with a strat with single coils, GUARANTEED.
1,Will only withstand small featherweight guitars or light acoustic guitars. Spend the extra $2-$3 and get a wood or metal one.
1,This product has a digital chord analyzer that is useful in helping figure out chord progressions. I'm not good at that, and this little tool makes it go much faster.		However, the rest of the program is very hard to use and was so counter-intuitive I just gave up. I'm reasonably good at figuring out applications, but this one was beyond me.
1,Dried out after a week. Kept inside of tin with lid on. I used it once a night for the week and it was dry by the end of the week. Maybe I got a dud. Who knows. Likely will not buy again. Dunlop sells a similar product in a bottle and it has lasted me months and seems to stay on the strings longer.
1,It just randomly pops off my bass, it's so slick that when you let go it the neck just goes straight down. I hate it.
1,cheap and took five weeks to receive!
1,I have a Schubb now, which kicks the clamp-on capo's behind.  This works good for my banjo that doesn't require as much tension, but I have a hard time getting this to work on my steel string
1,I have been using this gig bag for the past few months. If I do the math, I probably didn't use it more than 10 times, basically from home to the subway, from the subway to the studio and back, so maybe 20 minutes walk each time. So I used it for about 3 hrs and 20 minutes, mostly carrying it on my shoulders, sometimes by one of the two handles.		Then the side handle started coming apart: the seam ripped on the side and the handle will eventually fall off if used. It will be OK for a while until the shoulder straps start breaking (which I kind of expect at this point!). Meanwhile I'm going to buy another (sturdier) gig bag.		Save your money and get something better than this.
1,The size was misleading.  I'm a big guy, and need a long strap.  Based on the specified length, I expected this to work for me.  It does not.  It's very short.
1,Bad  design, two huge problems, 1) the material is very shiny, it creates a terrible glare to the point that no matter what lighting you have you can't see the notes at all 2) there is no adhesive, so it slides up and down the neck of the violin about an 1/8" . Search Amazon for the Don't Fret marker works MUCH better
1,I have a Yamaha PSR 330.  I bought it in 1999 so it's pretty old.  Wasn't sure if it would work with it but it worked perfectly at first. I put up a review saying so when I bought it.  But I didn't use the wire for about a year and then I plugged it in and this time it didn't work.  I tried everything but the "IN" light keeps blinking yellow now and the keyboard won't play into the program or through the speakers like before.  It's plugged in correctly. I spent hours googling the matter with no result that was helpful. Mystery.
1,I gave this one star because I could not give it zerow. This cord was bad upon arivel, and was usless within a week.
1,I have purchased 2 of these. The first fell apart after 10 minutes and the second just stopped working after a 3 minute run.  Garbage!
1,Had to wait a week for them even though they were "prime". D'Addario really drug their feet with processing for ONE pack of strings.	When I finally got them they looked and felt great but the D string broke before I even started tuning it up to standard tuning. Now I have three new shiny bright strings and one dingy old one that's dead. I would rate 5 stars had it not been for the dead on arrival string snap.
1,Just assembly for a try, only few rolls with music, it's had some hole on head, that's mean bad quality. buyer beware for this kind of.
1,While I believe the mechanism is the same for most mechanical  metronomes, the plastic cabinet on this unit creates a noise that will drive you to drink!!  The volume is not adjustable.....and even if it were, the plastic case resonates the HORRIBLE  sound.  Buy an electronic metronome.
1,had a bad string out of the box  set to tune it buzzed then snap  not happy
1,Should have checked it out in person, kind of flimsy, definitely not too roadworthy, spend more  $, recommend Ultimate stands.
1,not ligthning and not compatible with adapters to lightning
1,We compared this pedal with a Metal Zone by Boss using the same power supply (9v Dunlop) and this one was pretty noisy and had a lot of feadback in any position (regarding the position of the guitar and the amplifier). Maybe it would not produce undesire noise using batteries... It doesn't sound that great, but the price is unbeatable!!
1,Had to return this item. After it had been tuned and sat overnight, the neck tore away from the body of the instrument. The instruction book is very good for beginners.
1,While the vocal effects and harmonies are as good as anything I have heard in this device, the guitar section of effects is poor. There is no tremelo, for example. Worse, the latency is so bad (because the guitar processor is the same one used by vocals and is overtaxed) that faster playing or picking has problematic delays. It would be OK for slow strumming if you aren't too critical, I suppose.		You would be better off buying the VoiceLive Play (the blue, non-GTX version) for much cheaper, and using a dedicated guitar effect pedal.
1,Sounds great and feels good to play, but the high E string has broken without playing much on 2 guitars and 3 packs of strings. It always breaks about 1" from the ball and. I've had traditional tie my long on for years without a snap.
1,After reading many reviews of this and other inexpensive Ukes I settled on this one and even bought Aquila strings as another reviewer suggested.  The tone is tinny sounding even with the better strings.  It has been over a month and the darn Uke will not keep the strings in tune.  It has been played and tuned just about daily and it still will not hold it's tuning.
1,Cheaply made.....took forever to be delivered
1,Don't like this bridge.  I'm pretty sure the cams don't allow you to raise the action sufficiently to get decent playability and intonation.  Really disappointed.  Sold t on eBay after a few months.
1,It's plastic.  All plastic.  Body, knobs, even the screws holding the bottom on are plastic.  No way this thing holds up.  I'm embarrassed to put this thing on my pedal board.  My first experience with a Behringer pedal.  It will be my last.  Already in the box on it's way back.
1,sucks.
1,I've ordered this before and it was great, Needed a second for an ever expanding pedal board, and it shipped with a EURO power adapter this time. No converter included (thankfully I had one) and was taking up 3 spots on the power strip. Not cool. Very noisy with the euro PS. Checked it with my existing power supply and was just fine. Returned it and bought a different one from a different seller.
1,The 5/8 mount would not screw onto my boom pole or any other mic stand. This must be some other 5/8 with a different thread count? Frustrating. I had to jury rig the shock mount by canabalizing another mic mount. Wasted time
1,work okay, but the screws keep coming loose.
1,Horrible,  sounds like someone farting on a kick drum. Far from a pro audio product. These are just a toy for kids that are getting into speakers. Cheap subs are available, just don't go this route.
1,These seemed like a cool idea, and they're fine to practice on a pad.  So they're the perfect choice to play a drum pad on the beach.  But amazingly, they make even my son's Paiste 602 Ride and New Beat hats sound harsh.		I think of them as being on a cymbal tone spectrum, and I never would have believed the difference could be this extreme.  If wood tips are a 1 on the tone scale, and nylon tips are a 3, these are way out in the teens.  Phenomenally bad tone, and I think my first 1 star rating.  Sorry Aquarian, love your drum heads, but you need to put softer tips on these!
1,Let me first start off with the sizing. When they say "Fits Soundholes from 33.75" - 35"", they really mean it.	You are going to have a hard time trying to fit it even if it is 1/16" smaller than the specifications.	I know I did. My friend's Oscar Schmidt 3/4 sized guitar was just that much smaller and it did not fit well. The edges did not "catch" completely  and it looks terrible.		My classical guitar had a similarly sized soundhole but because of the much wider fretboard at the edge of the soundhole, it did not fit at all. You could try cutting the edges off the Oport at the fretboard.		The main issue is the sound.	Yes, it does make the sound fuller when you are strumming, slightly but enough to tell.	However, it does so at the expense of the sustain and harmonic overtunes.	Fingerpicking just does not sound as nice as before, even though the guitar is noticeably better on the bass notes.	For me, that does not justify it.	A simple bone saddle does way better than this and it cost less.		Another thing I found out was what was Amazon does to stuff others return - they resell as brand new if it looks brand new.	The packaging on mine came slightly torn and looked as if it had been opened. Does it matter? In practical terms, no, not for this sort of item.	I guess that is how Amazon keeps their prices low yet with good customer service and return policies.
1,I'm not sure why some of the reviews on this switch are so negative. I got mine today, installed it and it works perfectly. A vast improvement over the POS switch that I replaced with it. Addendum: I hate writing neg reviews but don't bother with this switch. I've only had in two weeks and it's already shot. Spend the extra $10 and get a decent toggle switch.
1,seemed cheaply made,  i sent it back.
1,not bright enough ... kind of junker ... pass
1,High A string broke while on my guitar stand after only a week. It might be the wrong string for the set.
1,Worked for maybe 30 minutes then it died and never came back on. Used standard pedal power supply to power it. What I heard sounded good, but its internals died so quickly. Tried batteries, and other power supplie afterwards. Nothing worked. Refunded and got a Dr. Scientist Pedal and have been amazed.
1,This unit hums sooooo much, it's too stressful to use, I cannot recommend. Once you pluck a string there is a ocean of white noise following the tone. I just had to put it aside, now it is just a waste of money.
1,I returned this guitar stand because the back leg was so short that when we put a guitar on it, it tipped. Would not recommend this.
1,I bought this pedal and the Behringer power supply for it.  Within five minutes I noticed one of my pickups making a hissing and crackling noise.  I actually had to re-solder the pickup on to fix the problem.  Still don't know what happened but all I can come up with is it sent a reverse charge in to my guitar and charged a capacitor in the guitar.  Anyway it scared the heck out of me and I'm returning the pedal.		The sound wasn't too bad...except when the pedal was turned off.  The bypass is terrible and sucked an insane amount of tone.  Seriously...I'm not talking a little bit of tone difference.  With the pedal in my loop and out of the loop the difference was huge.  Test it yourself if you get one.  Hit some hard clear notes with the pedal turned off and hooked up.  And then take it out of your loop and hit the same notes.  You WILL hear the difference.		I'm not a cheap pedal or guitar snob either.  Skip this one....get a different cheaper pedal clone of a tube screamer with true bypass.
1,Didn't like so much not as good quality
1,too quiet
1,I tested the signal to noise ratio of this device in comparison to the Complete Audio 6 from Native Instruments and the results of the Behringer U-Control were drastically worse.  It's good enough for low quality applications, but this should definitely not be used for anything high quality as far as the analog I/O is concerned.
1,UPDATE OCT 20, 2016: The zipper finally completely broke and no longer zips after only 4-5 months of use.  VERY disappointed.		For a bag that was made specifically for a gigging musician using a Privia, they really shortchanged the zipper design and there's not enough cushion/padding IMHO.... The bag fits perfect, and the two accessory compartments are great, but the zippers are very cheaply made.  I perform nightly, and if you do too, this may NOT be the gig bag you want to use for your Privia keyboard.  After only a couple months the zipper pull broke...  the actually zipper pull broke in half simply from my pulling it it closed one night... cheap metal... See Attached Photo... and the zipper teeth also pulled apart from both sides a few times and I had reconnect by pulling all the way closed, realigning teeth and reclosing...... furthermore, there is only ONE zipper pull, instead of two which would make it easy if they can meet in the middle and maybe would help the teeth from coming apart on both sides of pull.  I recently purchased another accessory gig bag, this one is from Phitz, now THIS is what all bags should be made of... really touch design.  Zipper pulls are huge, heavy duty and have a rubber sheath around large metal zipper... heavier duty teeth design too and great padding... (see photo) unfortunately they do not make a keyboard back that would fit my 88-key Privia... not yet anyway.
1,I bought a black one and I got white!!!	I want the black!!!	It is not fair!
1,The case is a decent quality ABS shell with aluminum valence, suitable for light-duty gigging work. It contains horrendously awful polystyrene as the support material. [I absolutely hate Styrofoam, since it is chemically reactive, heat-sensitive, easily-pierced, brittle and permanently deforms on contact. I order a lot via mail-order, and it's the bane of my existence, since its painfully obvious inability to protect anything is the #1 reason for shipping damage. Yet I can't hold Gator accountable here, since polystyrene is the de facto standard support material--even in expensive guitar cases.]		The case has a major flaw: it doesn't include recesses for the strap buttons. Therefore the neck sticks up in the air when a SG is placed in the case, and closing the case puts pressure on the neck.		Those of you who own classic Gibson guitars sound off here. What's the weakest, most broken part of a vintage Gibson? Yup! The neck.
1,I really wanted this to work, but it doesn't.  Don't bother,it doesn't mute the strings at all.  One star, just for it getting here on time.
1,My son has played bass for about 5 years, and plays A LOT.  He has used DR strings pretty faithfully the past three years, and they usually last about 4-6 months.  We got him these at the end of November.  By the first of December one string busted---OK happens ( Never happened before, it's not like these are guitar strings, but...).  By the third week, about a month after these had been purchased, three strings were busted. Bear in mind it is the holidays, so he has been playing double bass much more than electric.  These strings did not stand up even a little to routine playing.  We will not EVER buy Neon's again. Very disappointed in the quality!
1,No good, a true toy
1,It's a fine product, but it sells for $29 elsewhere on Amazon.
1,Cheap and it rips really easy!  Broke after two shows. Not made for the road.  Maybe good for the casual user.  Carrying it is really awkward.  The strap goes the entire length of the bag.  The bag is really long and if you don't carry it exactly in the middle it is ineffectual as the back will reach the floor and still not rest on your shoulders (unless your 6'5).  It's not practical for going through stage doors or moving around small areas.  This is a miss.
1,Did not fit my guitat- prompt refund. Fair price. Unfortunately, no longer made for my 1987 guitar. Ended up buying a Seymore Duncan external pickup
1,You get what you pay for on this. I was hoping to use it for some simple back ground stuff in recording, but really this isn't gonna work at all for that. But on a good note, my grandchild has a keyboard to play with as a toy. I'm not saying this is a bad product, i just was hoping it would be a cheap way to record a few sounds. Definitely my own poor choice on this one. It was delivered on time, and worked fine.
1,broke in 2 days, knobs were sticky. sound quality was minimal while operating
1,When my teacher told me never to leave these in the clarinet (they hold moisture,) and to use a swab instead of getting miniscule fuzzies stuck inside the bore from these, I immediately stopped using them.
1,These work alright but they do not bend easy and they are less than a foot long. More like 8 or 9 inches. Also, pancake style connectors work much better and save space. Look into one of those.
1,Like a few of the other reviewers here I have had problems with the grips/ASG becoming sticky and eventually degrading and falling apart. I am now using screws instead of the ASG to adjust the height (which is a big PITA!). It is incredible to me that Hercules has not addressed this issue by upgrading the plastic they are using for the ASG as it seems widespread. While it worked it was a good stand.
1,I ordered a stratocaster body as shown in the photo and in the serial code fender .. and to my surprise when I open the box I find within it a BLACK TELECASTER BODY .. but disappointment !!!! I am from Ecuador Latin America, and for me it is difficult to make a return ..for me is Very expensive... now I have to sell it over here ... I feel very sad and disappointed .. very disappointed ... sorry for my English is not very good.
1,I've been using MIDI interfaces since 1986 when the standard was introduced.  When one of my old Uno's failed from being used on the road for 10 years or so, I got online and bought the lowest price interface I could find, figuring that they should be pretty cheap to make by now.  Actually bought 4...  Anyway, I was only partially correct in that some are cheap to make because they are cheaply made.  For example this one.  I have used it for approximately 8 live gigs so far, of the 8 it failed detection on one gig (had to use my backup UNO), then yesterday it froze IN THE MIDDLE OF A SONG, live. Song stopped, notes hanging because they did not receive a note-off command. I finessed my way out of that, played a non-MIDI song while I rebooted my computer, and then very tenuously got through the gig with it.  I am suspecting shoddy components which cause spotty detection and the occasional MIDI buffer overflow.		So today, all 4 of these go to recycle, and I'm online to buy more UNO's or perhaps some EMU XMIDI's which I have also used with good success.  I got what I paid for.		Oh, plus - it's difficult to tell from the photo, but on the MIDI end of the adapter, there is one cable coming out of the central section, then that has a "Y" at the end with MIDI In and MIDI Out. The dual end of the "Y" only has enough distance between the IN and OUT plugs to make the adapter useful if you are plugging both In and Out into a single keyboard, or two devices sitting next to each other on a table, etc.  If you want to run a module on one side of you, and have a controller in front of you or on your other side, this is not going to reach both.  Neither the UNO nor the XMIDI has this problem.
1,My first exposure to this unit was when I picked up a used one and was very displeased with the results. I thought, "This unit must be worn out. A new one couldn't be that bad, right?" So I ordered this one new. Well, apparently not. At +60dB gain, the minimum standard to be considered professional, with a low-impedence load (a high end Sennheiser dynamic mic), this model puts out 32dB of white noise. More than half its gain is white noise! By no imaginable stretch of reason can that be considered acceptable. "Hand selected tubes" and "super low noise" indeed. For reference, my Focusrite amplifier and my two rackmount DBX amplifiers put out almost zero white noise - as in below -81dB - at the same gain settings.
1,Looked like the chrome was cheesey and they ended up breaking but they worked while they were used in a guitar with the proper pinhole next to the screw position
1,I use an XLR cable so the only good thing about this stand is that it holds the guitar high enough off of the ground to accommodate the jack.  Otherwise, NOT at ALL suitable for stage use.  My guitar cable and guitar strap wrap around the base or the back so it is a tangled mess whenever I pick it up.  I can't imagine even using it at home if you keep a strap attached.  It doesn't take much to knock it over.  In fact I was playing an outdoor gig at the Virginia Beach oceanfront.  A breeze kicked up and blew the guitar & stand  over taking a nice chunk out of the headstock -- good thing it wasn't my favorite guitar.
1,These are cheap and uncomfortable. But you get what you pay for usually.
1,Most annoying tuner I've ever had.  For some reason very difficult to TURN ON and TURN OFF....annoying so I will not buy again and would suggest looking elsewhere for a less expensive but more user-friendly tuner
1,Another crappy product all the way from China.  Doesn't work hardly at all.  One must hold the mic right up to one's mouth, and the range is very small.  Terrible, awful producet.
1,I should have known from the price that this would be a stiff, uncomfortable guitar strap.  My recommendation: spend a little more and get a comfortable strap.  The Slip Off protection is a pretty good design and works fine, though I had to double the peg in one place to make room for the strap end.
1,For international 220V (bought is U.S.) use this power supply has bad ground or something causing a horrible load BUZZ. I confirmed it was the 1 Spot since a standard 220VAC power supply has virtually no noise So DO NOT BUY THIS FOR 220VAC USE. I visited their website and they do sell a 220 model with a ground. So it was the companies mistake wasting their time making this supply dual voltage. They should just made it 110VAC since they make 220VAC models. This would have also helped their reputation. Just saying...
1,Too hard!
1,Mine ACTUALLY fell apart after connecting/disconnecting a few times. I somehow doubt this is a real whirlwind cable. This is a very cheaply made, junky cable. You get what you pay for, folks. For real, I DO need a quality 1ft xlr patch. This is not it.
1,They're inexpensive enough and are better than the vintage style trees, but since they don't roll and aren't graphite, they require lubricating every time you change strings. I should have just bought the Tusq ones.
1,Gammon Percussion obviously does not care about their product, because after just 1 day (I'm a professional drummer - I was setting up this kit for a friend of mine who needed it for rehearsal purposes) the kick pedal was broken, the cymbals warped, etc.		Even the RIM for the bass drum was warped OUT OF THE BOX. SUPER cheap.		Do yourself a favor and spend the extra money to get a worthy set. This is  a TOY.
1,stopped working after first use.  requested refund
1,Both dead save your money.  I know. I Am an Electronics Technician.
1,Ordered 427R, which looked gold/yellow, and got skin/translucent picks???	It looks like ALL Ultex picks are translucent skin, or black color, and the translucent skin picks are VERY HARD TO SEE.	If I dropped the skin pick on stage, I  would NEVER be able to find it!	As stated, Dunlop makes a black version of this pick, so introducing a pigment into the Ultex mix does not look like a problem.	Pick is small (jazz), Very stiff, and slippery; I like it.	Since this is one of  the smallest picks you can buy, it makes me wonder what Dunlop was thinking by also making it close	to impossible to see.
1,The valve slid broke and wouldn't play the next week bummer
1,too small for adult foot!
1,I bought the purple ones as well, which were fine. One of these came damaged...it was much less sensitive than the other. And then one day later, it completely failed.
1,so far... too much expend on a brand
1,My love affair for what I thought was a very cool tuner ended abruptly when I had to change the battery.  I ordered some CR2032 replacement batteries and when I popped the new battery in, the Snark did not light up.  I then went to the store and bought a name-brand battery thinking that the cheap one may have been too thin to make contact.  When I popped in the name brand battery, the Snark flashed ONCE for a split second, and never lit up again.  Snark would replace or repair the item POSTAGE PREPAID, which means BOTH WAYS and the postage would be worth more than the item.  Basically, it's now a paperweight.  I know it was fairly inexpensive, but you would think a highly-trained digital electronics technician should be able to replace the battery in this item without 3 hours of work!  Buy at your own risk, good luck changing the battery. Frustrating.  Bought a Korg, did a battery test, very happy!
1,Many others have had the problem. They often ship with mismatched wiring pin to pin. Be careful.		I feel the need to let many others know about the problem now.		Get a cable tester and verify everything you buy from Monorprice.
1,it powers up,no sound
1,I found this neck strap difficult to adjust and too stretchy to hold its length once adjusted.  I returned it.
1,Didn't work. Returned it. Refund was very fast.
1,good, although not the model as it appears in the photo as a publication but I can say that I agree to the product thanks!!
1,Love these for the name, however with in a few weeks BN start framing so you're left with an old raggedy looking cloth.
1,I bought these strings to use for my 6 string to tune to drop B ..what I got was no 54 gauge string and 2 extra light strings !!! So I was disappointed ..won't buy again
1,No better than my daisy chain. Had a slight hum that made it even noisier.
1,Seemed like an ok pedal at first, yet the tone potentiometer seems to have gone bad only a few days later. I have not had muchanged luck with these cheap Chinese made pedals.		 I'm hoping this has just been a fluke. Ordering another one and returning this one. If thr second is better I'll give this a better rating.		**Update. So this seems to be an issue with all the pedals. The replacement I received makes this noise. My father has one as well which also makes the same feeback noise. Oh well...decent sounding pedal....just hate the feedback squeal from turning tone knob all the way up.
1,May be fine for some but it gets in the way as I play a classic guitar and it gets in the way sometimes.
1,Headphones were smashed. Pretty cheap product
1,Very short. I'm only 5'9" and I am on the last/longest option and it is too small. Does not look like picture either. It is painted to look distressed vs actually being distressed. quality of leather appears to be very good.
1,i expect this thing to crap out in a couple months.
1,Bought to try an idea of wireless system. Most likely my unit was defective, because it has quite considerable noise and cracks during play.	I wasn't able to get clear sound in direct visibility at distance of 1 meter from an amp.	Returned.		Used with Epi Les Pau/Yamaha THR10.
1,Boom stand broke after one week. Poor design for boom stand. To easy to over tighten
1,Too short.  Hard to use with any degree of accuracy.  Get a bigger one.
1,Plastic and not what any producer or musician wants to own. Have nothing good to day about this item. Your choice.
1,I liked this stand pretty well initially. It held up an instrument for a few months. The third time I folded it up to take it somewhere, however, it broke at the top joint like a turkey wishbone. Unrepairable. Warranty expired, of course. I would not buy another.
1,Had static noise on every setting no matter how low or amped.  Reduced volume drastically when reverb was turned up.
1,"Hate" is a strong word, but I guess I'l have to live with Amazon's description, cuz I can't, in clear conscience, give this joke of a tuner any more than ONE STAR. I know, ya put the word "Fender" on something, and it's automatically accepted as being "Pro" gear, and the "best" there is. But this not true, and not just in the tuner category.		I'm NOT a fan of this tuner at all. Too many colors in the display. Hey guys, it's just a TUNER! I don't need a million-color display; in a case like this, something that is momochrome and just turns GREEN when you're in tune is much more functional.		And FUNCTIONALITY is something this product does NOT have. This tuner has only ONE way you can attach it. And unless ya wanna look at it UPSIDE DOWN (or you're Jimi Hendrix and left-handed), ya gotta clip the thing on the FRONT of the headstock. Either way, the on/off and pitch buttons are on the BACK of the unit. So unless you memorize which button's which (or you're good at Braille), you're gonna have quite a time performing the "simple" function of turning the thing on and off, and I DON'T mean you're gonna have a GOOD time! At a live gig, the last thing I want to have to mess with is my tuner; I just wanna turn it on, TUNE, turn it off, and get back to business. This is not a well-thought-out product.		The one saving grace of this tuner is that it's cheap. But that's not nearly enough to offset the disadvantages.		Then again, I'm not exactly Fender's biggest supporter to begin with. I'm a Bass player, and I've always felt that both Fender Bass models (P Bass and Jazz; I've owned 'em both) are OVERRATED, though I know I'm in the minority.		The ONE thing made by Fender I thought had the best design over its competitors was their Bass Gig Bag. And I say "was" because as best as I can tell, Fender quit making it. I own one; it's like GOLD to me, since I know I'll never be able to get another.		It's one of the "Larry Laws": "If Larry likes something, they'll DISCONTINUE it." So if you like a particular product, you best not tell ME about it; if I like it, it's a certain "Kiss of DEATH" for that item. Why do ya think you can only ever get a McRib "for a limited time"? Yup, it's MY fault!		I don't think I'm allowed to mention competitive products here, lest I get "filtered" (censored). So I'm not gonna tell you that the clip-on tuner I prefer has a GREEK LETTER in the name. Nope, not gonna do that.		;-)
1,I purchased this Dunlop "Moonshine" slide at the same time as ordering the Dunlop model 224 Heavy wall brass slide also size medium...NEITHER of these Two slides are a Medium size. I have slides from many makers that fit my Pinky perfectly and they are size Medium. I now own TWO USELESS Dunlop slides...How two mediums from the same maker can be different is totally REDICULOUS and lousy business practice. Buy Rock Slide for the best or Imperial Valley.... I'm Disgusted
1,I really didn't like the sound of this pedal.  I wasn't paying attention when I bought it and thought it was a digital delay, which it isn't.  If you're looking for a kind of 50's sci fi sound, this is it.  But beyond that I didn't find it too useful.  Actually I returned it.
1,man i was excited when i saw the finish out of the box. then i noticed within two seconds of trying to play it that the action was crazy high. i lowered the bridge to nearly sitting against the body, then adjusted the truss rod. no good. i gave two stars because it REALLY was pretty. but it was never going to work. i will always play american and even mexican fenders with pride, but ill buy epiphone for my cheapies from now on. hopefully i was just unlucky. ive bought guitars and my amp from amazon and i love em. this was just a total bummer.
1,Does not open wide enough for thick guitar necks. With some wiggling it will fit on my Gibson SG but won't fit on my acoustic that I would say is a standard style guitar. If you play guitars with beefy necks avoid this item but it does work well if you can get it to fit.
1,not so good  ~  you have to keep on shelling out $20 to get new packs ...
1,This item works as far as not having to drill additional holes into your guitar top, but it forces you to raise the bridge action therefore raising string distance from neck to string action.  Not something they tell you.  I sent mine back and just drilled 2 new holes for installation of a Bigsby B7.  Did NOT WANT to compromise my neck action at all.
1,Not the best strings.
1,ehh
1,I didn't care for this product. I tried it out while re-stringing with a set of vintage style electric guitar tuners. You know the type; the ones without a hole in the shaft, where you place that pesky, hair-thin high "E" string in the top, and start turning as quickly as you can, all the while wishing you had a third hand instead of a broken toothpick to help you? I thought having a winder like this might help, and I kinda liked the idea of having the winder and wire cutter all together. The problem was, I ended up having to spend as much effort & concentration trying to keep the winder securely attached to my tuning keys, as I did trying to keep pressure on the string to get it started correctly. Then, there was the "wobble" factor. It doesn't turn smoothly, which caused one of the screws anchoring the tuner to the headstock to wallow out and loosen. It will probably work better with non-vintage tuner's. In the end, I wish I'd purchased something else. Gave them an extra star because the snippers do work great!
1,A waste of money. These are more of a kids to. You can never learn the proper ues techniques with these. A couple of them went dead right from the box. I only got them for the case.
1,Pros:	It comes pre assembled in the box. This warrants an extra star from me because I can't put anything together.		Cons:	It's cheap feeling	One of my guitars is literally touching the ground even though it's being "held" by the stand	It's longer than you would expect	There is a plastic piece were there should clearly be foam to help protect the guitars neck. I feel that if I use this for an extended period of time my guitars will all be damaged.
1,Obviously a discard. It plays, but sounded thin and cold. So I took off the plastic labeling sticker with the red letters, and the sound  improved. But the reed would not stay put in my Otto Link ligature as the bottom has a layer of very slippery plastic stuck to the body of the reed. So I peeled it off, which was as easy as peeling off the label, and washed off the contact cement with dish soap. The sound improved again and the reed stays put on the mouthpiece again, but it still lacks the richness of a good unpeeled 3 Hard Rico Select Jazz reed.... So, I bought another practice reed.
1,piece of crap
1,It worked well for electric... terrible for acoustic. I ran into a ton of interference issue with it on my acoustics.		The USB charger was bad out of the box, but I got it replaced. Then a week later, the charging unit wouldn't charge the transmitter any more. Now it's dead.
1,I don't get it. People rave about these strings. I've played bass for 30 years. I love flats. TI flats are great. GHS also are great. Why? Because they sound good and are designed well. Why are we writing D'Addario a pass on the Chromes. The thread issue is a big problem. Any string that has to be "modded" to fit through any part of a Fender bridge is a very poorly designed string. Why are we making excuses? I love D'Addario strings for electric guitar. I use them all the time in my shop. Check out the pic of how the string sits on this USA Fender. Inexcusable. Makes it impossible to set up the instrument. That D string in my pic, btw, is a GHS. Used it because the brand new Chrome D broke at the tuning peg well before reaching pitch.
1,Not much you can do with it. Instructions are sketchi
1,I love Planet Waves. They are cheap and decently durable. They aren't top quality and will eventually wear out, probably faster than more expensive ones but they will a while. I always get the cords that have the 90 degree angle on one end which will help with the wear and tear. I bought a few of these to use in a church environment and things get abused more than I'd like, so far they have held up!		*****REVIEW EDIT***** These are not holding up as well as they usually do. Since, the review all of the cords that I purchased have broken.  I bought them right before Christmas 2015 and now it is Easter and they all have failed
1,Purchased these for a new Heritage H-575 arch top.  A few months later, the high E string unwound from the ball end.  Overall good strings, good sound -- this set simply didn't last very long.  I will replace with 12s however.  For me the 11s felt a little loose.  The 12s will likely improve the sound of the jazz box.  I have 12s on an Epiphone Joe Pass model.  I'll be curious to hear how the 12s sound incomparison to the 11s.
1,Horrible. Does not work except on a phone, and is no better than a phone microphone.
1,DOES NOT fit genuine Schaller mounts. I have genuine Schaller mounts (strap buttons) on other guitars, and these straplocks DO NOT fit the genuine Schaller mounts.
1,I like Mooer pedals but this one just sounds weak. The reverb is really artificial sounding to me. I compared it to my mixer's reverb and it was way inferior. So I returned it. The shimmer setting is lame, nothing close to the real 'heavenly reverb' sounds of higher end pedals.
1,Crap,Too Thin...
1,Really awkward with no sustain.
1,Here is why one star. It is not clearly stated that this can in no way be adjusted for tension. Either your mic and shockmount are in the correct weight range (try and find that clearly stated anywhere here) or it will not stay in place. This is ridiculous. An AT2020 and my shock mount as well as a SM57 were too light for this. So, if you have an "exotic" mics like this (sarcasm intended) you may be out of luck. I guess I have to look for heavier mics and shock mounts?
1,Cheap junk.  Ok for the studio, but not good for gigging.  Falls apart even when handled with care.  Spend the extra bucks on a better unit.
1,For the price?? They are Ok .
1,These pedals sound impressive for the price.....if you can actually get it to work.....and keep it working.  I have gone through four of these in four months. Vintage Overdrive - worked for just long enough that I can't return it, it stopped working after four months with little to no use.  Analog Delay - only worked with a DC adapter, did not work at all with the battery.  Replacement Analog Delay - didn't work at all out of the box. Crunch Deluxe....just got this today......didn't work right out of the box.  4 pedals, over $120 and nothing to show for it.  I loved the idea of these pedals but they are JUNK....too bad, very disappointing but you get what you pay for......sometimes not even that.
1,Kinda cheap. one of the tabs broke soon after purchase. Didn't like to have to loosen strings just to get in in place. There are better products out there.
1,I found it weak and too small it would not store well behind the nut. Seemed to work obstruct rung keys.
1,I bought one of these in July of 2013.  I had a black one that I have owned for over 10 years and works great.  This one, the spring doesn't keep the string down snug enough to prevent buzzing.  A complete waste of money.  I am going to buy one of these in the future...http://smile.amazon.com/G7th-Performance-Capo-String-Silver/dp/B0007GGUGA/ref=sr_1_1?s=musical-instruments&ie=UTF8&qid=1447375034&sr=1-1&keywords=g7%20capo%20for%20acoustic%20guitar	My friend who is a professional highly recommends the one above.
1,It is indeed better looking than the cheap plastic recorders, but mine came out of tune (specifically the F note), making it unplayable.	It also came scratched, so it doesn't look so good when you look closely.
1,Very heavy and looks nice, but unlike my chrome plated brass Lap Dawg bar, this one immediately got all scratched up, creating friction and unpleasant grinding feeling when moved on the strings.  I wish I had kept the packaging, I would have returned it.
1,While the mute is nice and compact, stays in the Trumpet well, is very quiet and is well made, unless you are a person who can very easily control your breathing, the back pressure is very high.  I am a novice and it simply does not work for me.  Also, it appears to distort the scaling of the instrument.  I have since bought a Trumcor Lyric Stealth which while not compact, has little back pressure is very quiet and retains much the musicality of the trumpet.
1,This is not a high quality stool/throne/seat. Its quality isn't even commensurate with it's price. Every component, every material is low quality. The metals have rough & sharp edges. The moving parts don't move well, all of them binding while trying to perform their designated function. Even the washer for the bolt feels cheap & has rough edges.		Now on to the functionality: the seat itself is attached to the post with a bolt. The fastening bolt for this post rests on two notches cut in the base's support for this post. It stays "attached" only by having sufficient torque applied to the fastening bolt. Too little and the seat & post will pull right off the base.		The seat doesn't swivel, as others have noted, HOWEVER, you could make a pretend-swivel by not tightening the bolt the seat attaches to the post with, but you're left with the same aforementioned issue: if you pull up on the seat, say to move the stool, maybe while playing to adjust your position, and the seat will pull right off the post, the same as the post could pull right off the base.  The entire fastening mechanisms are poorly thought out, poorly engineered, and poorly manufactured. A 12 year-old drummer with 5 minute of spare time could engineer a better fastening mechanism that would cost the same as the one this throne has.		Despite the snugness of the parts, the seat still rocks around unstably.		Can you sit on this? Yes. Will it support the weight they claim? Maybe, if you don't move too much. Just be careful when adjusting your seat, or you could slice open a finger that would wreck the set you planned on playing quickly, unless goth or death metal is your thing, then the blood will go perfectly with the act.		All in all, disappointing.
1,It's a bit of a hassle to put on and take off quickly. Not recommended if you have to change it up between songs unless you have plenty of time to get it on just right and verify it is tight enough so there is no string buzz or muted string. I keep it only as an emergency backup. I went back to using my Dunlop spring loaded capo, which works just fine and is quick and easy to put on, take off and move.
1,I am leaving two stars because these mics can be good if you re-wire them or have someone do it for you. There is a such a basic design flaw in these mics it's mind boggling. This is supposed to be a copy of the SM58, they are wired completely differently. A friend of mine figured out why they were causing such buzzing and whining when we used them with xlr 2 xlr cables. For some reason Pyle decided to tie the Balanced Audio pin to the ground pin using solder, the affect is it causes the body of the mic to act like an antenna picking up electrical interference from anything nearby. My friend rewired the mics input to the same way as the Shure SM58 and it worked perfectly, crystal clear. Why would Pyle add such a basic design flaw, one that would actually cost them more in solder to do so? When I can I will add pictures to show the difference.
1,Simply. Doesn't. Work. What else can be said about this?
1,They sound flat.  Especially the b string, hated the way they sounded on my ovation tx elite, gave them away and switched back to elixirs.
1,Cannot use with more than three AC adapters (e.g. 9 volt "wall warts" for effects pedals). Poor design. They should have either spaced the outlets more or oriented the rows of three in opposing directions).
1,If You Want Crisp Warm Professional Recordings then THIS is not for you.
1,I've used various humidifiers in all my cases over the years, mainly in fall and winter when the indoor humidity drops. This one caught my attention last year so I thought I'd get a couple to put in the cases of my old Les Pauls, just to see if they are any better. They both have worked fine until recently when one has decided to leak. The outer fabric is soaked. NO! Not in the case with one of my babies! There is no way to verify what the problem is but I'm sure the bladder has split. Of course, this made the plush lining wet in the case where it sat. Luckily I still had my Planet Waves case humidifier to put back in this ones place. None of them have ever leaked. Unfortunately, those seem to be disappearing from the market place, unless you by one with the humdity sensor which boosts the price way up. I'm sadly disappointed with the Oasis due to the leaking. And since they go for nearly $20 a pop, I won't be buying another.
1,Eventually threw it away...poorly made....feels like the aluminium from a soda can.  Guitar fell one too many times so I eventually tossed in the trash can.
1,I do not like this harmonica for that price this little harmonica does not make sense any way who is going to wear this ? No body .  If the matter is convenience of taking it any where a normal harmonica is not that big you can put it in your car in your pocket why should you invest this much money for this little harmonica?  If the price was cheaper then yes I did not mind to have one of these and keep it some where.  The can is stupid and a marketing trick that makes me upset  . Who is going to play it in a can and take that big can with him? But any way if you do not care about the money it is not bad to have some thing like this. One good thing I discovered for those who are new in Harmonica is how you are forced to play hole 123 because you do not have higher octave in many cased you have no choice and have to use low notes this will help you practice more .
1,I just received a Fender  Acoustasonic 15 as gift. Plugged it in this morning with all controls set to minimum and the level of hum is unacceptable. I guess some people might not mind the hum, but an acoustic amp should not introduce any sounds other than those be amplified. I have a Fender Acoustasonic 30 which is a very quiet amp, but I was hoping to find something smaller for my limited space.
1,This case while well made has a couple of drawbacks.  First, there is no compartment of accessories, only a tray area. Secondly and most important is fender makes these cases orientation sensitive.  My left handed bass had no chance of fitting in this case.  Had this been part of the description, I would not have ordered it.  There are many cases available where this is not an issue, so lefties don't bother.
1,I bought this to smooth out my guitar's volume for more consistent, better-sounding swells. The compression effect itself is good, but it also introduced unwanted distortion, as though there was a small fuzz pedal parallel to my clean signal. I tried on a few different combinations of guitars, amps, pickups and cables, and the noise was persistent. I am going to return this and look for a better-quality compressor pedal, even if that means spending a little more money.
1,never got a chance to use  got wrong product just kept what i received
1,IT'S CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP	DON'T BELIEVE THE HYPE	IT FEELS NASTY	FAKE	IT'LL HOLD YOUR GUITAR UP	SURE	BUT SO WILL STRING	DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME ON THIS CHEAP LOOKING CHEAPNESS		CHHHHHAAAEEEEEEAAAPPPPP
1,Transmitter battery failed after 4 months of rarely using it. if you buy, buy a spare lithium battery and learn to solder.
1,GOT 2 ONE WAS  DAMAGED ROCKVILLE BOX LOOKED OLD AND USED WAS GOING TO GET ONE OF THERE ROCKVILLE  POWERED MIXER BUT NOW I DO THINK SO !!!!I WILL LET THE ROCKVILLE PEOPLE KNOW AND IF I CAN NOT GET CREDIT THEY CAN HAVE THEM BACK!!!!!
1,Not blue as pictured, charcoal in color, don't buy!!
1,you've seen the colorized strings out there, these are just painted black. they took a cheap set of roundwounds and dipped them in black paint, nothing smooth or warm about them. These are NOT tape wound, there is no tape on these. The G string lost its brightness within a week, I put them on two basses to see if it would make a difference but nope.
1,This tuner didn't hold up over time.  Quit working after 1 year.  Also, it gets interference from loud audio sounds.	I would recommend just going with the boss tu-2 tuner. There's a reason you see everyone using it.
1,Was pretty fast shipping but the strings make a strange sound. When you play you can hear an extra sound that shouldn't be there.
1,The first time I tried these strings was on March 27th 1979. Not only did I find them quite shrill, less than 24 hours later the partial meltdown at the 3 Mile Island nuclear power plant occurred.		Then years later I heard some changes had been made to this product so I thought I'd give them another shot. That was on April 25th 1986 and again less than a day later another disaster at a nuclear facility, the Chernobyl power plant in Ukraine. Coincidence? Perhaps.		Finally in early March 2011, with the advent of the newly developed "Nanoweb" coating I decided to give these strings one last try. Those poor people at Fukushima.		I would highly recommend you not use these strings and try John Pearse 200L's instead. Not only are the Elixers excessively bright, who knows what sort of disaster may be averted by not using them?
1,I recently purchased this harmonica and three other brands of "cheap" tremolo harmonicas.  As I compared them, I was very surprised at how poorly this Hohner responded.  The low notes would hardly respond at all, ditto the highest.  By contrast, the best of the other brands, the Huang "frontier harp," responded very easily through the whole range of reeds, right out of the box.  Then I discovered that this Hohner does not have the same notes or arrangement of notes that other tremolo harmonicas have in the lowest octave (at least one note is missing in all tunings) and that those notes are arranged in an odd way that makes no sense.  The Hohner Weekender, which is similar, has the traditional note layout one would expect in a tremolo harmonica (but now it also is made in China).  For now, I suggest buyers beware of this model 455 "Celeste" harmonica, which is a tremolo with a unique layout and not up to Hohner standards.
1,This picture is very misleading. I was stunned a what a great deal I was getting. Just $8.50 for 3 pots!? And they're EVH signature pots!? Seem like a great deal. BE WARNED: THIS PRODUCT IS FOR ONE (1) POT! I have no idea why anyone would ever put 3 pots in this picture. Maybe for different angles, but they're all facing the same angle. So now paying $8.50 for just 1 pot...it seems overpriced.		They also don't even seem to fit on regular knobs. I have no idea how to get these to fit on, considering there's not threading on the part where the knob screws into...but that's not the problem. That could easily be solved by using a knob that has an Allen screw in it. The problem is that the knob-part has a larger diameter than standard knobs. I have no idea how to find a compatible knob for this. Also they seem kind of fragile, but I have no way to test that.		The only reason why I gave 2 stars instead of 1 is because They do have very low friction. I'll give it that. But this could also be a bad thing if you accidentally bump the knob the wrong way.
1,Bad quality. The jack keep on getting disassembled when pulling out of thr guitar.
1,too noisy to use, I wanted to retire my 1978 model for this....Dunlop just can't get this right like my old one.
1,This is the first stand I have bought that DID NOT come with the microphone clip.  Now I have to go back to amazon and buy extra microphone clips to use.  They need to put that in the description that it does not come with a clip.  The stand gets about a 4 star review, but because they chose to be cheap and not include a clip, it gets a 2 star rating.		Update:  They are cheap, and the wing nuts strip out very easily and it doesn't get tight anymore.
1,Rosewood bridge pins with fake pearl dot inlays, real rosewood, fake pearl... I'd gladly pay for a nicer bridge pin.  Size is typical, finish is average
1,Strap was completely different color from photo.  The button hole was completely sewn shut so it could not be attached to a guitar.
1,I really tried to like the product, inexpensive but not ideal.  A little bit of static in headphones from device.  The worst part was the little tiny opening that you have to use a needle-nose pliers to remove a tiny little connector to switch from mono to stereo.  Just that alone was worth a 1 star but I thought I'd be nice and give it 2.  Rolls, change that one thing and I could handle the little static because I'm sure that is fixable, but that tiny connector and opening...yeesshh!  That is/was a PAIN!!  I returned this and spent a little more money on the Behringer P16.
1,It doesn't work with the latest version of MAC OS Sierra. It does not say that anyplace. Neither their web site or here. Now I'm stuck waiting for their support to answer an e-mail while it sits here staring at me, not working.
1,String broke after a day...Waste of money.
1,The worst
1,Item was not working when arrived as Brand New, the items have not been fixed, nor was I approved for a refund.
1,I'm not in love with these. They aren't very comfortable.
1,Broke as I put it on. Would not buy again.
1,I said in the past that this unit was poorly shipped, and it was.	Now months later there is a buzz in the speaker when you're down in low E territory.	Cleaning it up by rolling off the bass kind of defeats the purpose of a "bass" amp.	I think the speaker was knocked around during shipping, and has recently manifested itself farting out.
1,I have been using Vandoren B40 with 56 Rue Lepic strength 3 reeds (My clarinet is Buffet Crampon R-13). I purchased X15E because the comparison chart provided by D'Addario says it is close to B40/M30 Vandoren mouthpiece. However, the feel and sounds of X15E was totally different from B40. I felt the reeds were too soft and I could not blow the air into it because I felt as if the reed was stuck to the mouthpiece and closed the tip opening. Also it sounded very shallow as if I was playing a toy instrument. I decided not to keep it because I could not use it for anything.
1,This is a wonderful instrument as far as the acoustic aspect of it. However the electronics are very disappointing. The battery holder in mine is very difficult to open to replace the batteries. Also the tuner is a very poor excuse for one. Additionally ALL of the knobs are very loose and wobbly. I visited my local Guitar Center store and examined one of these there. It had the very same problems mine does. Epiphone is a very good company, however they certainly need to revamp the design of the electronics portion of this instrument.
1,overheats. waste of money
1,This strap is advertized to be adjustable to fit a number of instruments. It looks nice but it does not fit my alto clarinet at all and I suspect that it may not fit some of the other instruments it lists either.	There are two issues with this strap:	1. The hook clip is too wide and will not attach properly to the instrument's holding loop. It doesn't fit !!!	2. Even trying to force the hook clip into place and fully extending the strap it is not long enough to be useful. I couldn't bring the instrument's mouthpiece down to proper playing position. It was about 6" above my mouth !!!	Maybe it works fine for a small kid but not for a 5' 10" adult !!!	I returned it immediately for a refund and found something better here on Amazon
1,I bought mine a few years back from guitar center and the zipper broke asap.  I repaired the zipper at a shop for ten bucks rather than shipping back and having to put new velcro on a new board.  Otherwise a good concept and good design.  My issue to give it so low a rating is due to break, and frankly and subjectively that its too big for my apartment.  It just has a big footprint.  I don't recommend it unless you are a gigging musician with a studio etc to need such a big piece.  Just sold it at a lost on clist and will either buy a smaller version like the 2, or check out some other custom boards on ebay.  good luck.		also wanted to copy and paste the following review from another user and say I AGREE!  I did one or two gigs, and all the pedals had completely come off the board, total bs.		If you're anything other than the very occasional musician, you'd be better off buying the version of this product with the hard case. I'm gigging 3-4 times a month and find that the soft case allows pedals to shift so much during transit that they come loose from the board. The padded flight case would hold pedals down more securely.		But there's more to the problem. First, the Velcro isn't anywhere near strong enough to hold down heavier pedals (e.g. a Digitech Whammy, even a Cry-Baby), which come loose even when picking the board up to put it in its case. I've ended up using cable ties wrapped around the crossbars to augment the Velcro. Second, the glue on the back of the supplied Velcro isn't strong enough to stay attached to many pedals. I've ended up using Gorilla glue to get the stuff to stick.		I'm not sure there is any solution to these problems, since any pedal-board would have the same issues.		Having said that, it's a good solid pedal-board, probably the best available.
1,It passes because I can work with the deadly metal tone and screaming distortion. But Too noisy. Loads of hum. I have to add a noise correction pedal. And I have to pretty much kill the high on the EQ. It cannot be used effectively in small spaces. Squeals and howls too much even when not being played. I should have gotten the Metal Master. Or a simple Distortion. This Death Metal from Digitech is way over the top and that's not a good thing.
1,Hi,		I'm not a mod user, so I bought this option for certain parts of certain recordings.  The quality build is not bad, it looks good, the little screen is pretty nice and the controlling is very smooth.		Nevertheless, the most important part fails BIG TIME, some effects might sound good after a good while playing around with it. What frustrates me the most is that even through you turn all the way down the Mix button the effect will continue being noticeable a LOT. I tried switching all the knobs town and the effects are still there, when I engage certain effect the device will make it all loud and it is difficult to notice the difference when lowering the knobs, the only way to have it completely quiet is by turning it off. There are some other effects are just completely horrible and I would never use, the auto-wah feature is awful and difficult to setup.		Bottom line please do not waste your money in this one. Donner has some pretty good ones though in which I gave 5 starts for the Digital Delay (it is amazingly cheap and great!) and the noise killer (works like a charm)		I hope that helps.
1,I was excited to receive this unit. The plastic seemed pretty cheap but hey for the price what did I expect.	Everything seemed fine for the first ten minutes! Green lights on both and sound and mic worked. It was a little noisy then the receiver part of it died out after about 10 minutes!!! No green light no signal. I tried different batteries etc and same result.	Sending back to seller but just got email that looks like I have to pay to have it sent back for a defective product?	Not very happy at all. I just sent them a reply as to why I would need to pay for postage to return a defective product.	Not a big deal but the postage is going to be 25 percent or more for what I paid.
1,At first glance these look great, and they are indeed beautiful. But between the 4 knobs, there are slight miss-alignments between the numbers on the outside and the words "Tone" and "Volume" in the center.		For example if I aligned all 4 knobs so that the words "Tone" and "Volume" are all level, the numbers on the outside will be in very slightly different places. I expected that for a Gibson product, with a premium price everything would be aligned perfectly, but this is not the case.
1,Didn't want to spend much money for just one project so bought the NADY. Big mistake. Loaded with 60 hz hum. The wall wart was the problem. Found an 18VAC power supply for the unit and that got it fixed. Too late, but it got it fixed.
1,nunca llegaron a mis manos
1,I tried to use this on an Epiphone ES-335 but the strap felt too weak. The ES-335 is a heavier guitar and the strap loops looked like they wouldn't last more than a couple weeks.		The leather is very thin and stiff. It is definitely not high quality. The strap is wide yet it does not seem very strong. I ended up returning this.		$12 for a leather strap is too good to be true. I recommend buying a higher quality item or settling for a different material.
1,Would rather use elixirs.
1,I returned this as it didn't "sing".  It was very flat.  Next time I will purchase in person to try it out first.
1,Not fully MIDI compatible.  I burned an entire day writing some python code to handle incoming MIDI data on a linux box and I was getting erratic behavior.  I'd see a Note On on channel 5, then the note off coming in on channel 0.  The next note was Channel 0 On, and Channel 0 off.  Tried my other keyboard and set to Channel 8.  I got a Note On coming in on channel 8, but the Note Off coming back in on Channel 1.  Put in an old USB adapter of mine (midisport 2x2) and suddenly no problems.		Can't take credit for the explanation, but the one I found on a blog comment was "[it's] sticking a 0x90 in front of every message of 2 bytes."		This *might* work for you if you are doing some basic stuff - depends on your needs.  But if you need something dependable for code, or are a live performer, look elsewhere.
1,They need inserts of some kind to better handle the sheer weight of drum hardware.  Perfect size though.
1,Most mics will have a lot of extra wiggle room in this mount so just be careful not to ruin your mics.
1,Sometimes they work...if i bend them in the right direction....poor quality.
1,It would make a good doorstop. Its heavy and useless.  I'm sure it could be OK for someone but I don't know who.
1,was working great for about 3 weeks but now doesn't work. not surprised for the price. way to much going on for that price for it to be a great item. it's a cheap made of the lowest quality stuff on earth. could break it by just looking at it.
1,Stationed in Australia, so we shipped DPO. first off it will cost more and be a bigger hassle to return from here. Secondly in spite of cautious reviews I thought the law of averages meant more people would complain than praise, so hopefully numbers were skewed, I was mistaken. Pyle evidently has no quality control at all? one channel cuts in and out on our first practice? yes I replaced cables, checked board, this thing fails right outta the box. So disapointed they can sell broken poor quality junk like this? I am just trying to give a few people far from families and home, a little joy and play some music with everyone...? You know we are not getting rich over here, but I can right this off I guess, as I should have known better. I though Amazon would not sell broken poor quality cheap junk as if it is decent working affordable gear... buyer beware, my bad?
1,Awful!!! Want my money back!!! Doesn't hold more than 3 picks and it's way too big to carry around....better off keeping your picks in your pocket!! Save your money!!
1,Purchased, but quickly returned.  Cheap made and mine was defective.
1,I thought I would try these picks - I tried the Delrin first and they are good in that they are consistent out of the pack. The problem was that they wear out quickly, especially the medium or light ones (I am quite happy with the Delrin jazz picks though . They wear down but actually quite nicely). So I thought I would try these Duralin medium and light picks because they were supposed to be more durable. However they seem to warp easily. This is not good because there is no way to finesse your up to sound the same as your down.
1,Flimsy
1,I have several guitars that use the pin-jack and leather straps I really like, so I was hoping these would work and keep my favorite straps.  They don't fit.  Maybe due to the leather straps taking up all the room on the buttons, but they DO NOT FIT on any of my guitars.  Maybe not for pin-jacks.  I had to buy a LOCK-IT leather strap at almost $70, but at least I can secure my guitar.  Too bad, I am going to miss my old straps...
1,this is garbage. it doesn't work.
1,When i first installed the speaker I said to myself "not so bad... i'm kiinda diggin' this thing and it's only  Gonna get better once it breaks in" I was wrong. The tone went to the dark side one day while I'm in the middle of playing. The amp just started sounding lifeless-No more top end sparkle. It sounded like there's a blanket over this thing and certain notes just sound God awful. Like it's trying to produce the note but it's not capable. So far I've been disappointed with every Eminence speaker I've tried. Long story short, got a Scumback H75 to replace it and i'll never use anything else as long as they're in busniess.
1,Going back to coated strings.  These strings lasted about 1 week before going flat.
1,The cable material used is too thick and therefore not very flexible. Difficult to use but it shouldn't be difficult to manufacture a simple patch cable....!
1,I have to echo what others have said:		1. The volume swell increases way too fast on this pedal. It is difficult to gradually increase the volume. I may tinker later and see if I can replace some internal parts to more suite my needs.	2. The PAN switch is horrible. Sometimes I barely tap it and it turns ON/OFF. Other times, when I want to change it, I have to switch it multiple times and hope it sticks. More often than not I have to use my hand to switch it back over which is unacceptable. So the feature of stereo/pan does me no good.		Wish I had saved the money and bought an additional A/B switch instead - which is what I'm going to have to do anyway. Total let down.
1,Looks greatsmooth, attractivebut the tapper of the pin is too small at the top and is loose as a goose on both my Takamine and Cordoba guitars. So, sadly, I sent it back to Amazon and reinstalled the perfectly fitting but plastic pins that came with the guitars.
1,It doesn't include the "metronome" feature.
1,Flimsy. Broke after two uses
1,Not ebony .. poor quality rosewood look
1,too small
1,I tried using these on my pedalboard, but I didn't like how they fit on my pedals and how the design allowed my pedals to sit on my board. No very universal and if the inputs are not perfect for this type of connector, it has a tendency to pull your pedal off the board. They probably work for some people, but the overall description didn't steer me in the direction I was looking to head towards. I ended up not using them.
1,EHH
1,didnt' fit. had to pay to ship it back.
1,I can't even tell if they are good speakers ..as the power cord was not included..smh yah gotta do better.. Now I have to order a cord Seperatley .. Wow guys thanks for that
1,Damaged when I received them, but it took so long to get them the first time, no way am I waiting two or three more weeks just to get a return pair on their way. Usually, Amazon is pretty good about timely deliveries, and I took extra care to make sure I bought from a seller near me. These didn't ship for over a week, and like I said finally came with damage.  The build quality is not up to the price tag either. Cheap, thin metal with messy welds. I have seen a few other sets in the same price range, and though the designs are really all the same with the triangle base models, the quality on some of the other brands appears to be superior.  The pair I got are also branded with a completely different label than advertised. The combination of all these factors leads to the one star rating.
1,The capos look nice but the tension is just too high. The spring is too strong and so it will bend everything sharp. Capos always bend a little sharp but these springs are so stiff they really clamp down too hard. I'm sticking with adjustable tension capos only from now on.
1,With wireless equipment, you definitely get what you pay for.		Might work well for fun / non-professional use, but quality is unusable as a wedding videographer.		If you'll be recording your output, don't bother with these, I ended up going with a Shure setup.
1,This device was mated with a stand. Upon receiving both items, the slop/wobble in assembling them together confirmed that this is not going to work. The MS7201B stand works great but it does not mate with this device. Using plumbers tape does not help this problem. Disappointed.
1,The LED was an attractive feature that prompted me to order this item in the first place.  The lighting provided was barely adequate for my purposes.  The connector did lock in place, but no matter where or how I positioned the gooseneck, the weight of the head made it tend to swivel around at the base, so that the head was aimed directly south.  This was frustrating!  I was evaluating another LED gooseneck light from different manufacturer at the same time, and ended up ordering more of those.  I will not order this light again!  I do not recommend purchasing this light.
1,As others have said did not really fit properly, screws were also too small. If you have a Fender you are probably better off buying one directly from them for a bit more.
1,The strap seems sturdy and connects well to the sax. But my son (9) doesn't like it. He doesn't have any specifics but it just sits in the case.		I am a longtime member of Amazon and myself rely heavily on reviews provided by others when making a decision as to whether or not to purchase an item--whether that purchase be one that I am making through Amazon or another source (such as a local store); therefore, I am very aware of the value of user feedback and do my best to assist others in making a quality decision by providing quality feedback.		Was this review helpful to you? If so, I would very much appreciate it if you would rate this review accordingly. Many thanks!
1,junk
1,Good for scratchy pots ... a disaster for faders. Totalled out the faders on my vintage Arp Odyssey and Tapco 4400. The faders no longer move. Both pieces were never toured and kept covered. The ARP was bought new. Dielectric grease by Luberex is the choice if you have to get into your vintage faders.
1,I purchased this instrument brand new, on an impulse whim due to a managers-choice sale at a local music shop that I simply could not ignore.  It was brand new, unopened, in box.  They allowed me to examine it prior to purchase. In that environment I thought it a nice instrument.		However, it can be difficult to properly examine an instrument in a busy store, and that store was VERY busy and noisy.  It's when you get it home and can examine it leisurely in peace and quiet that the details stand out.		This is indeed a 6-string ukulele.  It measures a bit over 28" top to bottom and has the sound of a baritone uke.  I have heard throatier and more mellow instruments in the same price range.  The advantage to this of course is it's 6 string, so if you're a guitar player you can achieve the ukulele sound and portability without learning totally new fingering.		... that is of course, until you realize that while it has 6 strings, it is not tuned like a guitar.  It's tuned to ADGCEA rather than EADGBE.  One cannot simply play guitar music on this instrument; all such music has to be transposed or new chord name recognition learned.  Being a total newbie to ukes, this was news to me until I got it home and read the instructions.  So my primary purpose in purchasing this-- to have a small portable guitar, hit a snag.		Now that's not totally the end of the thing, because you can be a little inventive and use alternate string sizes to tune this to standard guitar tuning.  It takes a bit of experimentation but it is possible to set this up to standard guitar tuning if one doesn't mind buying a couple of string sets and playing mixup.  So all is not lost there.  It was just an unexpected surprise-- mainly because I didn't research the instrument prior to purchase (it's rare that I impulse buy).		So tuning aside we get to the quality of instrument.  That's where the Yamaha really falls short.  This is an oil rather than a lacquer or shellac finish and in several places the oil was still visible and could be wiped away by hand.  There were a couple of glitches in the finish straight out of the box.  That this was a "rush job" out of a factory with no finish work at all was blatantly obvious.		There are no strap pegs; those will require being added by hand (not difficult, but extra expense and time).		The action is of course too high.  That's not unusual-- in truth it's quite common in off-the-shelf stringed instruments and came as no surprise.  But along with the other failures in workmanship it stood out here.		However, the thing that bothers me the most:  if I wasn't aware this is a Yamaha Guitalele... I'd think it's was a cheap knock-off child's guitar.  There's not one thing about this instrument that says "quality"-- which is quite disappointing.  This instrument sells for about $100.  That low cost is obvious.  This is a "cheap guitar" in every way.  I can't honestly say it's a toy, but it reeks "beginner instrument".  The tuners are as cheap as they come,  the finish is cheap, there is no decoration, no protective edging. The finish is-- unfinished.		I bought this solely based on the number of positive reviews here on Amazon-- and I respect those reviews.  People have different tastes and for some folks this has a "home made" feel that they will love.  However I've been playing guitar for (mumblety mumble) deca...uh... years and I know the difference between quaint and cheap.  I own two Ovation guitars, a Peavey electric bass, a hand-made violin and an Epiphone electric uke (which is of such higher quality it's not even a contest. And no I'm not hawking Epiphone.  Facts is facts, that's all.  You can read my very-positive review on the Epiphone on Amazon).		When I got this  home and took a good look at it, I found no sign of quality or craftsmanship, nothing that said anything more than "this was made as cheaply and quickly as humanly possible".  In truth the only positive thing I have to say about it is that it does have a spruce top and the strings are of reasonably decent quality.		Other than those two factors, one can find $40-$50 full-size guitars all over Amazon that equal or surpass this instrument in quality.  The only benefit this would offer is its smaller size and ukulele voice-- if someone particularly wants an inexpensive portable guitar tuned like a uke.  Other than its portability, I find no special merit in this and even at its relatively low price... consider it over-priced (or rather, under-made).		One must grant it's largely a matter of personal taste and expectation.  But low quality is low quality.		(Edit two weeks later:  I just today saw the Cordoba at a local store-- a direct competition to this instrument.  The Cordoba is MUCH nicer.  It's built better, has better sound, and is finished out much more nicely.  Sorry Yamaha, but facts is facts.  Had I seen the Cordoba and Yamaha side by side, I'd have bought and kept the Cordoba.)		That's my honest review.  I know some will disagree.  But others know exactly what I mean.  This isn't an expensive instrument so one really can't expect super-fine quality at this price. However-- I paid about the same price for my electric uke and it is superb quality from top to bottom.  As mentioned, the Cordoba is a better instrument and costs the same.		Fortunately the local merchant has a satisfaction guarantee and I was able to return it.  I simply cannot recommend this instrument unless there are no better options-- and frankly, there are.
1,I tried the whole hot water/cold water sizing thing, and it didn't work, so these things pinch my fingers.  And they hit exactly on my cuticle, which is very painful.  Sorry I bought them.  Wish somebody else had placed an honest review before I hate.  They could have saved me some frustration and expense.
1,poured a whole bottle in fogger, barely could smell vanilla
1,After reading online reviews and viewing YouTube videos, I decided to get this digital piano.  When it arrived, I let it warm up for several hours then checked it out.  On the second electric piano instrument setting as well as the electric organ instrument setting, almost the entire lowest octave keys had barely any volume.  Also, a few of the keys had the wrong note.  There were also 3 keys in the middle that were noticeably louder.  Because of this, I returned the piano for a replacement.  Bad idea!!  The replacement had the same problems.  Amazon handled the transactions well, but the digital piano itself is a huge disappointment.  I can not recommend this item at all.  I decided to try a Casio PX150S instead.  Hopefully that will work out.
1,This is the second time I've purchased this stand. Unfortunately This one arrived with damage already on there. Other than the damage this is a pretty solid stand. Decent construction and it holds up quite nicely for the price. It's surly not top of the line but for the price you can't go wrong. It even comes with a nice carrying case. Really lightweight and a nice little design at the top of the stand. Also includes little arms to hold down your sheet music.
1,I got this to help with a simple home recording studio setup, however there was a noticeable drop in audio quality when using it. High frequency sounds were muffled and the bass was slightly boosted, basically making everything sound muddy.		If you don't care about differences in audio quality, the device itself seems well built and otherwise works as designed.
1,Too much latency. Not worth it.
1,wish it did but it didn't - the cheap pylon hme100 or whathaveyou werk much	betteren
1,Had to wait a week for them even though they were "prime". D'Addario really drug their feet with processing for ONE pack of strings.	When I finally got them they looked and felt great but the D string broke before I even started tuning it up to standard tuning. Now I have three new shiny bright strings and one dingy old one that's dead. I would rate 5 stars had it not been for the dead on arrival string snap.
1,I needed a small, cheap, mixer fast, for some solo gigs that were coming up. This fit the bill, and I found it for about $65. I heard all the negative press about Behringer, and went into it figuring it would be disposable.		It didn't disappoint on any of those levels. I got about a year out of it before everything started crackling and sounding over modulated....threw it out. Replaced it with a quality, small board. No hard feelings.
1,most failed after a short period of time. couldn't depend on them.
1,Really not necessary. Once you learn to strum and pick with your fingers (which is important) you won't need/want these. They also change the sound of the instrument, making it sound almost too full.
1,Does not fit the MIM strat properly....the threaded portion of the arm is way too short, and once installed, the thing is blocked by the controls.
1,The sound was clanky.  One of them became frayed, almost immediately and the tape was coming off.  LaBelle flats are what you want, instead.
1,I bought a set of original Fender MIM precission/jazz bass tuners. However, they didn't include the bushings or screws. I bought this generic set to use the ferrules/bushings. When I received them, the bushings fit perfectly on my Fender tuners.		Measurements for this item match Fender MIM exactly.	Tuners: must be used on 11/16"(18mm) headstock hole	Bushings: 825" outside diameter, .555" inside diameter	Screws: cheap tuner screws. one broke while tightening		All the positive reviews got me curious. If these are as good as some say, maybe I could return the Fender tuners and save $12. Short version: these tuners function like $12 tuners - not very good.		Pros: The chrome finish looks great on both the tuners and bushings. They fit well. My set turned pretty smoothly, without missing any gears.		Cons: There is too much play with these tuners. It works fine when tightening the strings. However after loosening a string, there will be some play before the tuner starts to re-tighten. This makes precise tuning a longer process. Not even my original Squier Affinity P-Bass tuners do this.		I was not able to test tuning stability. After noticing the play, I immediately installed the Fender bass tuners. The Fender originals were so much better and were only $23 on Amazon. I would not recommend using this set unless you absolutely cannot afford to spend $23. I gave 2 stars because these were cheap and the fit was good.
1,Clearly used, their were scuff marks on the mic and the accompanying paperwork was yellow and curled, plus no Mic foam cover
1,Very cheap construction. Sent it back. Liked the clip-on feature, howerver.
1,I used it pretty lightly in small clubs and as a drum monitor. It died during use when somebody got a little loud on an uncompressed microphone. No warning, no distortion, just silence. After the failure, the power light and clip light flash once every two seconds or so as some kind of overload indicator, I guess. A couple of times it powered up almost normally and worked for a minute, but then the sound dies and the LEDs start flashing again. No helpful information in the manual, or on Behringer's web site. I contacted support and it was just out of warranty, so they wouldn't help at all. Their best solution was to pay myself to ship it to a California to a paid service center and back again. Obviously that would cost more than a new unit, so it's kind of pointless. I would have even been happy if they would have told me something like, "the flashing LEDs indicate a power supply failure" or something like that to help in the repair, but they offered no help whatsoever.		Before it failed it was fairly decent. Sounds clear. Just barely enough volume for a stage monitor with a band, but apparently that pushes it right to its failure threshold.		I had the same experience with the F1320D too, failed outside the warranty period even though it was only in light use and looked brand new.
1,After a couple of months the power connection broke...cheap product!
1,The materials and workmanship on this strap are good but the strap button holes were literally so tight and small I couldn't get them on my bass!  I returned it promptly and bought another brand.
1,Just the facts- awkward to use considering the lever is on the bottom where the Keyser is on the top. Look at the picture- the leading edge points down which causes the capo to nosedive into the strings. Tilting it up takes a bit of finesse. It does work but I don't use a capo enough to comment on its overall durability. Not my preferred capo.
1,Needing to be frugal with the limited resources available, we ordered five for our church and one of the five came in broken with plastic parts shattered during shipping.  In two weeks we already have cracks in the plastic connector pieces.  Now after two months all  plastic parts have fully cracked and they are no longer usable. I would not suggest anyone buy this product.  Pay $10-15 more and stay away from this brand and model.  Price was great but I guess you get what you buy.  I have been looking to buy the replacement plastic parts but have not been successful in reaching anyone at the Talent Company.  Crud!		<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Talent-MUS-2-Tripod-Music-Stand-with-Detachable-Desk/dp/B00721Z3ZC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Talent MUS-2 Tripod Music Stand with Detachable Desk</a>
1,Mine was defective.  The D string snapped from the tuner peg.  I've been using and stringing guitars for over 20 years and I know what I'm doing.  The break was not the norm.  Based on the other 5 strings, I'd give it a 2 star for sound quality and feel.
1,First reed I tried was a total disaster and trashed.  Second reed was playable to practice, but barely and unusable for play in public.  Am looking forward to at least half of the remaining eight reeds to be junk, if not more.  If I can get two or more playable reeds out of the eight remaining I will consider that they will not be a total loss.  Cannot recommend Glory reeds as they are vastly inferior to name brands like Rico.  The second reed that is usable for practice wilted rather quickly and is loosing it's meager strength quickly.  YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!
1,This program is not easy to use. Was totally disappointed in it.
1,This Stand's legs have no locking mechanism, if it gets bumped while your prized instrument sits on it, it will collapse and come crashing to the floor. This stand is very unstable. The pegs that the instrument sits on are too narrow for me to even get my Guitar into. The bottom of my Guitar sat on top of the vertical edge of the peg, I can't even imagine a Cello sitting in this.	I sent mine back after watching it fall over with my Guitar. Find a stand with locking legs.
1,These are priced to get noticed. Happened to me after buying more expensive ones....Oh, about the durability ? Nah.....about 7-8 months either they don't register quickly, or register at all. I changed to new batteries, no difference on 4 different maple headstocks. Rubber foot fell off one. Going back to Intellitouch, I have 2 that are 6 and 7 years old that cost more but much more accurate and work  PERIOD.
1,Very light weight, not very satisfying feel on the guitar. The hole in the very thin attachment points wears quickly, causing concern that the guitar might come loose. But it is easy to adjust if that matters to you.
1,It won't stay tuned and it dyes my hands. I thought I had a defect product first but I found all the products are of this quality so I got it returned.
1,Too thick for drop D it is just in comfortable. Even in drop c they feel way too chunky.
1,This strap was gifted to me by a lady who had others she preferred more. Now I can see why.		I don't know why Martin put their name on this. The strap is an embarrassment. It is thinner, less supple, and more poorly finished than any belt I have owned. The back may or may not need felt, but it certainly looks and feels cheap. In fact, the entire strap looks and feels cheap. The only thing that Martin got right is the color.		I expect that I will be putting this one quietly away and buying one of the bestselling Planet Waves straps. They look like they take their guitar accessories seriously. But releasing this strap to the market is a major lapse in judgment for Martin. Sorry for the bad news.
1,The lubricant may work well but my bottle arrived damaged.  The product squirts out from the side into your face when you use it.  I assume I just got a defective bottle.  Hopefully, I can return it for another bottle.
1,These are standard product nothing too exceptional.  Basically
1,No padding what-so-ever!!  Looks/feels like a cheap electric gig bag. If you want any protection for your guitar at all, don't buy this case!
1,Sound nice, but very unreliable BX5a Deluxe.		I own a pair of YAMAHA NS 10s and EVENT 20-20s, and they are all currently working without problems with over 10 years use.		2 years ago I purchased a set of regular BX5a's, and they lasted about 1 1/2 years, and then the faulty capacitors leaked.		I just replaced them with the BX5a Deluxe model, and after only one week. one of the Internal amps will no longer power up.		I need a pair of affordable AV shielded monitors that I can depend on, and these Cheap M-Audio Monitors are not it.		I am back to using my 20-20's with slight AV noise until I find a decent AV shielded monitor.		M-Audio was a much better company before Avid took them over!
1,I hate to give anything a bad review. Everything that had a small buzz, still has a buzz. Cords all tested. Multiple plug ins and the lights are nice...
1,Really hard to keep in tuned. Looks fine
1,Total waste of money... switch doesn't work, constantly sticks and you can't turn it off...  and then the door for the batteries sticks and you can't open it... I threw it away.
1,I am a sound engineer.  I've seen many guitarists with this combo DI/EQ box.	The sound is completely mediocre.  Even with heavy EQ, a guitar sounds muddy and notes have no attack.  No high end either.	One time I offered a guitarist to switch this out with my personal Boss DI-1 with Jensen transformer.  He was shocked!	The guitar was immediately clear, musical, absolutely wonderful -- with NO EQing.  The guitarist was tempted to buy one on the spot.	Yes, L.R. Baggs makes some great gear -- the Anthem guitar pickup is absolutely fantastic.  But DI boxes?  No way.	This DI is expensive too.  Better spend your money on a Boss DI-1 or any Radial Engineering DI.	You don't have to believe me -- trust your ears -- compare for yourself.  It's like night and day.
1,Seems like a nice unit and there is a big buzz about how great it is but I disagree. It is nice to add some punch to bass drum, but I was unable to accomplish that without trigger also on vocals- which sounds terrible. If you used it on a channel insert for just bass drum, then it would be OK, but it should be able to stop triggering on vocals which have a higher pitch. I do like the fact that is has a subwoofer crossover at 80 or 120. I have a competing unit that can be set to not trigger on vocals, however the crossover is fixed at 70hz which is too low for my system.
1,sounds cheap
1,Not perfect. Ordered two; one worked, while the other did not.
1,I bought two of these.  They're ok, but the rubber boot on both the cords keeps popping out of the metal housing.  They are not secured at all, making me believe the product is of substandard quality.  Not too hip on the angle either or the metal color.		 If it were painted black, the boots didn't pop out all the time, and the 3.5 was strait, that would have been what I would have liked them to be.  They look kind of ugly.
1,Does not eliminate hum where other devices do.
1,these are toys.  not for pro use.  The connectors fall apart, the boots don't stay tight, etc.  although I haven't had a big problem with it, I am suspicious of noise entrance into the shielding as it seems a little flimsy.		If you want bright colorful cables, well then these definitely fit that bill.
1,I wasn't pleased with this item. I returned it for a refund.
1,PLASTIC PLASTIC PLASTIC PLASTIC!!! Works though.
1,DID NOT LIKE THEM.
1,I bought two sets.  The low G has a nice sound but the E string broke before it was even close to being in tune.  I took the E-string out of the other set and it also broke before it was in tune.  Ive had my Kala Ukulele 4 years and never broke a string.  Very disappointing
1,The mixer is good for the price but I had to return my first one soon after opening it due to some loose parts moving around inside. The packing way below average. As a matter of fact, it was the only outer box without any cushioning. After seeing those UPS and FEDEX delivery videos I would not pack a UPS or FEDEX shipping item in such a poor packing. However, the great seller ( I am referring to AMAZON) immediately responded and sent me a replacement along with a prepaid label to return the fist unit. Second unit too had the similar packing but no damages. Worked fine.
1,This stand is a very nice design.  Light yet strong, able to be carried easily in a carry bag, sturdy enough to be useful by professional musicians.  There are stands that are heavier and more sturdy, but for a portable stand, this one has everything you would want.  The stand I ordered was dented in several areas on the main plate making it look abused.  Whatever dented the stand also ripped the carry bag.  Attempts to contact the seller proved a waste of time with no response, which is very uncharacteristic of most Amazon sellers.  Hate to return it and have Amazon absorb the costs.  Recommend you purchase the product or one similar from a different seller with higher Amazon ratings.
1,This can not hold weight of anything above a 58
1,DIY (Do It Yourself), as in, make your own at home.  For $100 you could buy nice materials and build your own bigger/better/custom pedal board, or spend 1/4 of that and make one just as good.  Google it, youtube it...there are plenty of instructions out there to DIY.  Sorry for not actually reviewing this product, but I appreciate when people give me ideas that may be better, so I'm doing the same.
1,I bought some of these tippers because they looked good and the price was right. But when I tried them out, I did not find them to be a comfortable fit or weight.		Instead, I ended up buying a Rikon wood lathe and learned to make my own. After experimenting with different designs and woods, I ended up a a few that I really like.
1,sometimes doesn't seem to work
1,Not very bright and the sound function doesn't work very well. Save your money for a good quality scanner.
1,Cheap. Tuner doesn't work. Bottom strings don't come through as loud as top. Eats batteries. Buy something worth having.
1,When you shine it up against the wall for up lighting, the center of the circle of light is dark.  I'm not sure if the LEDs are malfunctioning or if it's a design flaw, but it looks weird.  Another company sells similar lights for a couple bucks more, and it does not have the same problem.  I believe it's TSSS disco lights or something like that.
1,The attenuation button broke off first time I used it.	I can still adjust by using a pencil.
1,The amp is "ok"... but I'm not that happy with it.  It should have more options for input, perhaps a 1/8" input, or RCA or dual quarter-inch.. it's an odd input format when considering being used in a studio situation.  In any case, it's also very noisy.  I ended up not using it for the application I bought it for.
1,didnt work had to return it
1,Hummm, hummm.  And it would be fine if all available hum was coming from some other than fishman amp.  But I bought loud box mini fishman amp and while some another pickup Markley was just making more horrible humm than fishman pick up-it shouldn't be so.  I bought fishman amp and fishman pickup and it must work perfectly together!!!!  And it doesn't.  Humm, ever present humm-unless you find certain special spacial position with your guitar!!!!
1,CHEAP
1,Terrible packaging with a foot long rip on top of the cardboard box in the middle which was then retaped, the guitar box was not even put into a second shipping box. It really upsets me to receive a foam windscreen for microphones which cost less than $3.00 to be double boxed in a box the size of a boot  box and stuffed with paper and then, here receiving something fragile like this guitar in its own packaging just shipped out with out better protection.	So... I called Amazon to return the unopened box. While talking to Amazon on the phone I decided to open the box to see if the guitar was damaged. I told Amazon that the guitar seems to look ok, i was told if I had any issues with it and if im not completely satisfied I can return it. I decided to put it through its paces to see if everything was ok with it.	SMH again, the neck was convex so bad that the strings were practically touching the neck on every fret and all the frets has a rock to them.	So.... for now I decided to straighten the neck and adjust it by eye using a straight edge metal ruler I had laying around until I get my Fret Rocker and other tools get delivered in a few days.	I straightened the neck to the point that only the third fret had a Little rock to it.	The strings that came with the guitar were cheap and will change those also. So far the electronics and pickups seem to be ok, I won't know the final result until I finish adjusting what needs to be adjusted. As long as the frets do not need any work, and the electronics work after the adjustments, I won't return it.	For those not sure, this is a 34 long scale neck. Yamaha recommends using 45-105 strings.		In about one week I will update this review after I do the proper adjustments that are needed, if all goes well I will add four more       to this review, but if it doesnt the I will be return and update the decision also.
1,I second another reviewers' thoughts that these are of inconsistent quality. The one I got will not tighten down enough on the boom clutch. There's just no friction and the boom arm will not hold any weight at all. Basically useless. I guess that's why it costs $23. Save your money.
1,quit advertising that this fits Hohner, IT DOES NOT !
1,Get something else
1,All I want is an interface that lets me plug my XLR mic into my Macbook and monitor my own vocals over backing tracks that I can play in any player.		Rather than build strong, robust drivers for this product -- it seems IK Multimedia uses it as a "bait and switch" to sell their SampleTank DAW. I already have DAW software. Don't tell me about your DAW software when I view this on your website if all I care about are strong drivers.		I need hardware solutions with software built from the ground-up to robustly support that hardware. This is a hundred-dollar-plus advertisement for SampleTank, AmpliTube and the company's other products.		In fact, IK Multimedia extorts you into using their other products by making you register this hardware with an e-mail in order download or receive any support. It's insulting. It's soul-sucking. It's mean. It's outrageous. If I buy hardware from RME, I can download drivers for free from their website with no registration. Isn't that the ethical, righteous way to do business? Why does IK Multimedia try to play customers like this?		You can bet I'll say "no" to the IK Multimedia mafia and return this poison-pill, trojan horse hardware. I don't care what it does. It's not worth the gross customer mistreatment by this company.
1,took some time to arrive. seems it came from vietnam its string slots are not filed. not good. won't buy this again.
1,Like others, I should have read the reviews. Mine didn't even come with adhesive of any kind. Not worth returning. Terrible design too. I guess Ill buy the Dunlop like I should have in the first place.
1,Go build your own. Build it to your specs and have a solid stand. If not, you can find a lot better head stands. This one was a huge disappointment. Does not do what it says and can get you frustrated quick. Im back with my wood block and am happy.
1,This product does not meet expectations. I would preferred a better quality product than this . I am not sure I can recomend this.
1,Junk
1,good
1,Sadly, I can't review the mic itself nor the cable that comes with the mic as they were both non-responsive.  I tried the mic with other cables I have lying around that I know work, and I got nothing; it was like the mic wasn't plugged in at all.  And the cable included in this pack, well, the plastic (not metal) connector to the mic was cracked.  I still tried it with a difference mic... static.	I can't blame Amazon for the broken bits as the whole thing was packed well and the box did not appear damaged.		The stand that comes with this set up seems really good for the price of the whole package.  I was impressed at how much of is *isn't* plastic.		Still... I can't recommend this product.
1,I tried this Movo microphone on an I phone 6 and 7, a Samsung S5 and it does not work; I already tried all the suggestions on the QnA and nothing. Its not even worth the hassle to return it, do not buy, you will get what yo pay for.
1,Very cheaply made.  Metal tube was rolled with seam on the bottom which affects holding,
1,nunca llegaron a mis manos
1,As a ukulele maker and player, I find these strings to be somewhat of a joke (especially for the price). They are Very LOW Tension strings that make for very sloppy playing. They have no soul, no heart, no guts, no real presence at all. They will make a good uke sound anemic.		I wasted good money on these flu flu strings, not to mention the time spent stringing up two ukes with them, and then unstringing the ukes two months later and restringing with 'real' ukulele strings.		Aquila Really Let Us Down With These Turkeys ... NOT Recommended AT ALL
1,Smaller than it looks. Doesn't sit very well on carpet; the back leg is very small leaving it prone to tipping over - especially with heavier electric guitars and basses. I keep it in the basement (cement floor) and use it to hold my acoustic (lighter, with more even weight distribution).		Honestly, at this point - I wish I would have just bought a wall-mount. No point in returning it - it does what it's supposed to.
1,This is the second one of these that arrived 10 cents sharp (or more).  If you want to play by yourself, it's fine, it's in tune with itself (for the most part), but if you want to play with others, or record with it, it is totally unacceptable.  It's WAY sharp, and won't do at all.
1,<div id="video-block-RD8YZGMVFSGQG" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B194zJUzRsS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71jqAZSKM6S.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;After a few months with this ukulele, I have to change my review.		The "G" string on the 3rd fret gives no sound! What the heck? I cannot understand what the problem could be, but no matter how hard I press the G string on the 3rd fret, I get no sound, just a kind of faint thump sound.  Everything looks to be okay, no loose parts or anything strange that I can find.  I'm so done with this baritone ukulele.  If I used a barre chord on the 3rd fret there's a horrible buzz sound because of the G string.  Taking away stars for this mess.
1,This concept was poorly designed from the get go. There are similar options out there, get one that screws into the body and save yourself time money and frustration down the road.
1,Returned for a few reasons:	1) they aren't color variations, they are different pedals and boxes entirely.	2) though it has the XLR input, it does NOT receive phantom power.  In 1.5 days, the battery was gone.	3) the box has room for the battery but no box, so you have to open it up all the way (4 screws) to change batteries.
1,buyer beware..did not work on my luna nut was too deep from front to back.  find it is not bone but plastic as casting holes in the bottom.
1,I went ahead and purchased this with the keyboard package, but it's going back.  The sustain pedal does not work, the headphones are cheap quality and the coupons really didn't suit my needs.  I've ordered a different pedal and the adapter.
1,...but this Wah is just horrible. I bought it many years ago when I didn't have the same budget as I have now. I used it two times. It can't even be called a wah... Since then I played Vox, Morley, Dunlop... They are all different and everyone has his preferences but they are all 'real' wah pedals. You can find good second hand wah pedals for about 20$ more. It is worth it, trust me.		I put two stars because I tried to plug it and it is still working after all those years. That was the only time this pedal surprised me.
1,We're so bad I had to return then. The buzzing was obnoxious. I ended up buying a cheap amp and passive speakers.
1,All I could say it worked fine for a couple of months	two connections stopped working and its not like we work hardcore	they were very useful for the time that worked	these cables should have a lifetime warranty like other companies
1,The first time I tried these strings was on March 27th 1979. Not only did I find them quite shrill, less than 24 hours later the partial meltdown at the 3 Mile Island nuclear power plant occurred.		Then years later I heard some changes had been made to this product so I thought I'd give them another shot. That was on April 25th 1986 and again less than a day later another disaster at a nuclear facility, the Chernobyl power plant in Ukraine. Coincidence? Perhaps.		Finally in early March 2011, with the advent of the newly developed "Nanoweb" coating I decided to give these strings one last try. Those poor people at Fukushima.		I would highly recommend you not use these strings and try John Pearse 200L's instead. Not only are the Elixers excessively bright, who knows what sort of disaster may be averted by not using them?
1,I wanted to like this, but ultimately couldn't take it seriously. It's very compact and light, but at the expense of usability.		When I first tried it out, I max'ed out its volume knob to get audible GarageBand piano tone out of my iPhone 4's speakers. That somehow crashed the phone, doorstopping it for the next 15 minutes. I've never seen anything do that before.		The phone ultimately recovered, but my impression of this keyboard didn't. The small keys are not necessarily a problem, especially if you want to do stretch chords that are impossible on a standard keyboard. But 37 keys are just too few to perform anything musical. The pricier, heavier "Pro" version has full-sized keys, but still only 37 of them.		As a keyboard controller that provides both iOS and MIDI/USB connections, I found the Line 6 Mobile Keys 49 to be a much more viable alternative. Its 4 octaves = 49 full-sized keys are enough to actually voice and play music. It includes pitch-bend and modulation wheels, like the iRig, and feels quite solidly built.		Negative reviews here of the Line 6 criticize its proprietary iOS cable. But the iRig has the same dependency. The iRig's only true advantage is a bundled, free license for a "Light" version of Sample Tank.		I'd advise paying a bit more (or maybe less, at some times and places) to get the Line 6's extra octave.
1,Piece of cheap plastic, unusable junk. Do not waste your hard earned money on this trash
1,buyer beware! Advertising is misleading. Product does not fit stratocaster!
1,The amp doesn't work on channel a if i new it was broken i would have never bought it Im not happy at all
1,After ripping out the rca jacks for the reverb on a new Princeton reverb I built and rerouting the grounds, I remembered the two reviewers that noted the noise and grounding problems on this switch. Wish I'd have remembered before performing surgery, obviously, because the switch was the problem. I've had it too long, so I'll try to fix it myself. But you should be aware before purchasing it. Incidentally, the term switch works fine--must be the side correctly grounded.
1,Mine arrived bent, doesn't close right, and I can't get all four screws in on my rack. Mine looks like it got dropped at some point before it was packaged. It's not worth returning as it still works with only three screws and I'm lazy.
1,Very nice looking guitar strap, but the material it's made out of is unacceptable, especially considering it's price. It is a vinyl type material which will never age, and worse, it stretches. I always connect my guitar straps very securely using a large washer over each end of the strap so it cannot come off. One end of this strap is the narrower adustable piece that you see on a lot of straps. The narrow part of the strap easily stretched over the 1.5" washer and popped off, almost destroying my martin. I had to discard the narrow piece and replace it with one I took off one of my old straps, so the strap is usable now, looks good, but again will never age and get that great look. They've given it a somewhat aged look which is ok, but I don't think it'll ever get "broke in". Also, there is a note in the package that warns you not to let the strap contact your guitar's laquer finish or it could harm it. What kind of nonsense is that? All in all pretty disappointed.
1,Don't waste your money. This slide is a complete rip off. It is too short, too wide and functionally useless.
1,Not really enough padding in my opinion
1,I ordered a wireless PA system from Pyle Pro for a horseback riding/teaching facility. The unit itself worked fine but the antenna for the belt transmitters are poorly mounted and pulled out on both units supplied. I understand that things like this happen but here is the big problem. Customer service is non-existent with this company.  I can't even count how many times I have called them and been put through their cue only to leave mutable messages for their parts department that NEVER gets returned. Out of pure frustration I went through their sales department pleading with them to put me through to someone that could provide me with the needed parts. Finally I got a guy that could barely speak English (sounded Asian) and he assured me that someone would call me the next Monday. No call came. Again I called and got nasty this time and finally got my order placed through a rude man. I guess that serves me right because I was rude right back out of pure frustration. I would ovoid this company like the plague purely based on the worst customer service ever. Well second worse, Sears appliance repair takes the top spot on this.
1,<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/BEHRINGER-SHARK-FBQ100/dp/B0051TZBTU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">BEHRINGER SHARK FBQ100</a>&nbsp;After reading the manual several times and searching online, I found that this item does not "Automatically and "intelligently" locates and destroys up to 8 feedback frequencies" nor "Narrow FBQ filters for extremely effective feedback suppression, while keeping highest sonic quality".  I think the overall concept is good, but it fails miserably to control feedback notably on condenser mics even those with a very high rear and side rejection (supercardioid mic).  Failed at controlling feedback on the following mics I use for live music in small, medium, and large venues:  Shure Beta 58A, Shure SM81, Audio-Technica AT2021, and Sennheiser e609 (supercardioid).  No wonder the "price is right", but the product fails.  Returned it.  Submitted by a 35 year vet of live & studio production (my job).
1,This is the 1st new production Mullard I bought to use in V3 of a Peavey Classic 50 combo, phase invertor. Seemed to be a low gain or output problem in this application. I got it for it's "clean" reputation but I guess it is a bit too clean.
1,Pay attention to the description... it says "mini" which means about the size of a wheat thin!  It's small, I purchased this for my daughter to play with, however it was so small I never gave it to her for fear of her inhaling it.  Don't buy this if your planing on playing it, it's cute and a novelty, however I felt it was much too dangerous for her to have.  NOTE:  If you appreciated this review please give it a thumbs up/like your helping me to continue to give honest/unbiased insight into products Ive used and you may have questions about.  Interested in a product but don't know enough about it and would like it reviewed?  Please let me know and I'll see what I can do... Thank you
1,As with anything you should immediately test when received.		When I plugged this into a male jack then removed it I found that one of the two gender-benders I'd ordered had a female pin that would not stay in the connector shell.		Being an old electronics tech I noted that the locking tab was deformed - poor quality components.		Due to the low cost I decided to send it back using Amazon's automated system and I'm waiting for a replacement now.
1,it doesn't come with the strap that ties up the neck of the guitar
1,Never in my life have I had so much trouble tuning up a guitar after a string change.. normally after new strings, by about the 3rd tuning, most of the major stretching subsides.. Not with these puppies.. I must have tuned and retuned 20 times before I started my church service. And then I was still constantly tuning and retuning during and between every song for the entire hour.. the same thing went on for the next service the next day after the strings sat over night, and I purposely over tightened them to get as much of the stretch out as possible.. did not make a difference.. still had the same issue as the day before.. I did not bother unwinding and removing those strings, I took some diagonal pliers and cut them off and trashed them and warned everyone I know that plays not to buy them.. That was my experience with them.. Maybe others have had better experience. I have been playing for 40 years.. went back to my elixirs.. at least they tune the first or second time and stay there and sound good for a long time..  Too bad.. I rarely ever give anything a bad score.. this one was personal
1,Too thin for any guitar.  Not sure what you could use them for, but on ultra light strings they are just like paper, totally useless.
1,This has been my string of choice for my entire career as a professional cellist.  Medium tension helicore.  I've been ordering from this same link on Amazon for a decade already. But my most recent order the string turned out so strange!! I ordered two strings.  One was so rough to the hand that I knew something was completely off and I returned it.  I didn't even play it, I just tuned it up and then realized something was WRONG.  The other was not as rough (and I had a gig so I just needed to use it) but it sounds and feels like I am playing on the lowest end squeaky as s*** Prirastro.  WHAT HAS HAPPENED? I was thinking maybe I ordered a chinese knock off as even the typing on the package (the print alignment) was off for the basic lettering.  But it seems that we are ordering direct from the company.  I got a free refund and shipping label for one of the strings and a replacement.  I haven't tested the replacement yet.  Will let you know.  Maybe it was just a fluke in the quality? I hope they are not changing their recipe on what has been for my whole lifetime an amazing string made of exotic metals.  I would like a response from the manufacturer on this--or the company may lose a loyal customer!
1,Great item, but description is terribly wrong.  This is a LATCHING footswitch and not a momentary one.  If you check the Hosa website, the FSC-385 is a latching footswitch.  Unfortunately, all over the internet this is sold as a "momentary"....which is not true.  I tried to use this with my boss rc-3 looper and of course it will not function properly.  The price was great, so I most likely will end up soldering in some momentary switches myself and reuse the housing and 1/4" stereo jack.
1,hums too noisy......
1,I have a non-color IM tuner that  I compared the KLIQ tuner  to, and I found the KLIQ tuner works well, but it is  distracting and  inferior in stability quality. My IM tuner was more stable than the KLIQ tuner, but it would sometimes get stuck on one pitch and sometimes refuse to shut off (that is why I ordered a different tuner).
1,NO Truss rod, No Fret Markers,Nut and Bridge was junk, Finish was like it was done outside in a sandstorm,Only after replacing the nut,Bridge,strings,Filing the frets, Did it even sound like a guitar able for a student, If you think this is a good deal, Sorry to say it's NOT.
1,This product WILL break.  And once that happens, you can't fix it.  Spend your money on something that will last.
1,Came with no visible physical damage. Package was obviously never opened. Dead on arrival; even tested with three different amps.
1,Horrible. The supplied cables are 80% unreliable. It's worse than a toy.
1,After around 10 years of using these, I am finally switching to a different brand. The last 4 3set packs I have purchased came with at least 1 string deffective. Waste of time and money. Sometimes you can tell the string is deffective right away, but other times it takes a few strummings. This last one started to de-tune by itself brand new.
1,Dont hold mics that well.
1,This little tuner is no Snark! It is not as sensitive and takes much longer to tune than similar devices. One must always be sure to select the correct instrument as it does not remember when turned off. I cannot find a position on the headstock where it easy to read, except upside-down.
1,I bought these and metal finger picks.  I like the metal so much better as they can be bent to fit your fingers.  I couldn't get used to these.  Maybe someone with thinner fingers can.  My fingers aren't huge, but thinker than normal, I guess.
1,It didn't work out of the box.  I think that sums it up.  Also, the box is beyond shoddy.  Its my opinion that this model should be totally discontinued.
1,Only Lasted 2yr.  I have a lot of cheaper cables that get more use/abuse than this one that have outlasted it.
1,Did not attach on the guitar.
1,I was buying something else on Amazon and thought I'd grab a set of new strings for my mountain dulcimer at the same time. I'd never bought official 'dulcimer' strings before and was surprised to find what those were. Maybe its just me and the way I play (40+ years), but these are very heavy (thick) strings and I kept having to retune as they kept stretching as I played (I have peg tuners and they did not wind tight). I play a lot and these were just awkward and clunky sounding. After half an hour I put my old ones back on and will keep these as an emergency backup. I only use three strings, and buy the thinnest strings I can find at a guitar store - .008s for 1st and 2nd string, and the thinnest wound string the store has for the 3rd. The wound string I just bought was 3x as thick as what I normally use, and I know it could not be tuned as high as I sometimes go with that string and still be flexible. I fret all three strings and pick, have lots of different tunings I use, and my preferred thin stings have a nice clean sound, lots of range, can bend a note. Can't say that for the new ones, but they were cheap and may serve a purpose some day. I guess the best I can say is - because of all the 'good' reviews - now I know what 'official' dulcimer strings are like, and suppose these will be fine if you like very thick strings. (You should try thin ones though!)
1,It's smaller than it seems. Very poor material. It suppose hold a mic stand with the mic but I don't think it's going to make it.
1,You sure get a sense of confidence when you fire this tuner up. It has a good looking interface that seems to be dialing you in on the target note - -but, in testing, it is not in fact all that accurate. While it is perhaps only a few cents of the target note, I don't think there is a way to calibrate this tuner, so you are stuck with that inaccuracy. I love the idea of the Micro and having it discretely behind the peg head, but it doesn't really grip well. Beyond that, it really needs to be attached to the back side of the top of a peg head not, as the marketing pix show, the back of the bottom -- you just can't see the tuner when it is tucked behind tuning machines on a 3+3 peg head. It works great on my straight 6 Tele-style guitar -- except, of course, for the inaccuracy. Even if the Micro could be calibrated, persons with glasses, beware: it's a tiny thing and is hard to see (but you knew that!).
1,UPDATE: I haven't put it to the test for a year or anything, but I have compared it to the stock BC Rich NJ series Licensed Floyd Rose Ive used for years (10 various BC riches, USA and NJ) It is exactly the same. I did think the spring hook the screws into the body was a lot cheaper than normal, so I got a better one. It feels awesome! The trem bar is longer and sticks out away from my picking hand way more than my others. I love it. For $20????? I would buy 3-4 just for parts and just simple upgrades to my guitars. - On another note, let me just tell y0ou, Dragon Fire screamers pickups are china made and super inexpensive but sound just as good as my Duncans, maybe better. Nothing wrong with china products, who do you think floyd rose and duncan buy their stuff from anyway???? china. UPDATE: This is not a tremelo you want to use. maybe for parts NOT FOR LIVE SITUATIONS. 1 - it looks well made and not a big difference than the standard FL. THEN, I would come home and the strings on this guitar would be popped off from the string lockers/saddles. not broken, slipped out. this is the #1 biggest issue. and its a major issue. Ive wrenched them down so tight that im afraid its going to strip and the strings still pop off. I own 15 BC Rich guitars all but one has floyd roses. never had this issue with any of them. For the price - great parts kit.
1,Clearly a terrible noise issue, tried several configurations. Sorry.
1,UPDATE OCT 20, 2016: The zipper finally completely broke and no longer zips after only 4-5 months of use.  VERY disappointed.		For a bag that was made specifically for a gigging musician using a Privia, they really shortchanged the zipper design and there's not enough cushion/padding IMHO.... The bag fits perfect, and the two accessory compartments are great, but the zippers are very cheaply made.  I perform nightly, and if you do too, this may NOT be the gig bag you want to use for your Privia keyboard.  After only a couple months the zipper pull broke...  the actually zipper pull broke in half simply from my pulling it it closed one night... cheap metal... See Attached Photo... and the zipper teeth also pulled apart from both sides a few times and I had reconnect by pulling all the way closed, realigning teeth and reclosing...... furthermore, there is only ONE zipper pull, instead of two which would make it easy if they can meet in the middle and maybe would help the teeth from coming apart on both sides of pull.  I recently purchased another accessory gig bag, this one is from Phitz, now THIS is what all bags should be made of... really touch design.  Zipper pulls are huge, heavy duty and have a rubber sheath around large metal zipper... heavier duty teeth design too and great padding... (see photo) unfortunately they do not make a keyboard back that would fit my 88-key Privia... not yet anyway.
1,I returned this. I read a review but realize now that you must consider the source. It was an awful instrument. If you are a musician..to any degree, do not buy this.
1,The seller did a great job and my product came as described and very quickly.  My two-star review is about the product.  The product if thick, glossy, and soft clear cling vinyl.  It doesn't really stick but rather wraps around the neck so that it sticks to itself.  It just doesn't feel like a violin neck with the guide on.  The guide is also thick and soft.  With the guide on as received, the E string actually contacted the guide and in the first position it buzzed.  I tried everything I could and finally sliced off about 1/2" of the guide where it goes under the E string.  That fixed the buzz but the overall feel of my instrument was poor with the guide on.  I have since replaced it with thin lines cut from label stock and it works much better.  On the positive side, I do like that the guide coordinates with color coded sheet music for early learners.  Great idea but I feel the product itself leaves something to be desired.
1,I own a 14 of these clamps and the ones produced by "Leestar" are the real deal. If the clamp doesn't have the "Leestar" raised stamp with the nut symbol on the flat side where the T-fastener tightens your clamp will not tighten enough on your 1.5 truss. Your fixture will sag instantly. The new 1.5 clamps sold by Amazon no longer have this stamp and now they sag. I recently ordered four more and now have to return them as they are crap. Did American DJ go with a different manufacturer to cheap out? Not sure, but, these are worthless now and I'm not lining them with black duck tape to fix this issue. I'm going to call American DJ to see what's up with this.
1,it  won't  fit a star caster at all , ill  just trade it locally  at a music store  oh well
1,The actual produce seems great and sturdy. If I could drill into a stud I'm sure it would be perfect, but I can't. It comes with plastic anchor screws to go into regular drywall and vague "instructions" to install them. I interpreted the instructions as the following:		"1 - Drill in the metal screw and then remove it to make a pilot hole."	"2 - Screw the plastic plugs in."	"3 - Install the hanger, screwing the metal screws into the plastic ones"		The problem is that the plastic screws were not sharp enough to go into the wall. Instead they bored out a 1/2" hole in my apartment drywall... damage that I will now later have to fix.		If I am doing this totally wrong somebody please correct me and I will edit my rating. Otherwise avoid this product unless you have the luxury of hanging your guitars on studs.
1,Looks good but doesn't work. It arrived in a well-packaged and undamaged container, but when plugged into my amp, it produced only static. Volume and tone controls had no effect. I checked the amp afterwards with two of my other guitars and with the same cable, and they were fine. I've worked on guitar electronics before, but only on instruments that were already functional; I'm not going to waste my time trying to troubleshoot this one. It's going back.
1,Too small for my fingers and not adjustable.  But then, they didn't cost much.  I just can't use them.  My bad.
1,This product works well, but frankly I thought I'd have more product for the amount charged.		I'm wondering if for other than under-drum or bass drum use you couldn't cut up one of those sticky pads that you buy to keep your cell phone from sliding around on your car's dashboard?
1,I've played EXL110 for years and loved them, using hundreds of sets, but I think something most have changed with the production.  I've had three high E strings come unwound at the ball end in the past month.  All three were on gigs and now I'm stressed a set won't even make it through a whole show.  Come on D'Addario.
1,shipped to me broken :P
1,I am a professional musician with 30 years experience.  I thought this would be a great way to record midi data without a keyboard.  Boy, was I wrong!  This thing tracked horribly and I spent hours trying to tweak settings, etc.  I upgraded to the latest firmware as well.  Maybe mine was dysfunctional but, I doubt it.  I think this might be ok for a child to play air guitar with but that's about it.  Don't bother!		Btw, they show this guy on YouTube shredding on one.  I don't know how that would be possible on this toy.  I can shred on a real guitar, just not this.
1,I have other harmonica's but thought I'd like a set of blues harps.  I thought that if it's made by Hohner, it must be fairly good.  Wow, was I wrong.  Too hard to push notes through them.  I wouldn't recommend these to anyone.
1,Too sensitive.....lots of feedback.
1,The functionality of the cord is OK.  My only gripe is that it is very difficult to coil properly.  It is very difficult to keep the cordfrom kinking.
1,I thought "a stand was a stand", but this one deserves the poor rating.	In particular, the bottom U-shaped holder of the body of the guitar isn't well designed. It tends to spin in the verticle tube and doesn't remain horizontal. Each time I take the guitar from the stand, this support spins sideways. Appears to be a design flaw, but you don't see it in the picture.	If the bottom holder was stable, the stand is probably worth the price. With the flaw, the stand isn't worth the purchase. I ended up drilling a small hole in the verticle tube and placed a screw in the tube, to hold the U-holder from spinning.	I'm ordering another stand, hopefully of better quality. Sorry, can't recommend this one.
1,plastic hook up to mic and broken when I got it
1,Broke, unsurprisingly. I was in the market for a good multieffect and so I purchased this, partially because one could achieve almost ring mod zaniness at the higher settings. I used it several times and then it would not work anymore. Pedal was not that great when it worked and now it is a paperweight.
1,I purchased this item because the reviews said these were goto tuners however the set I received was marked Korea  I didn't know goto moved to korea
1,I've tried these on several guitars of mine, including a Martin HD28, a Guild D15, a Guild JF-30 and a Guild F212XL.  Yes, they last a long time, but the new sound can't compare with a conventional string.  To me they sound moderately fatigued from the beginning, with a loss of sparkle and high end.  On the 12 string they were acceptable, but that guitar had an abundance of highs to begin with.		If playing amplified with a pickup they sound OK, but otherwise I don't want an expensive new string that sounds somewhat tired from the beginning.  I'd rather use conventional strings and change them more often than play these.  The Cleartone strings to my ear sound much better.
1,Main reason I am giving this a 2 is because I don't think the quality of the bypass switch is very good.		The Bad:	When I turn on the tuner it still passes a signal to my amp but it's an awfull hum.		The Good:	The tuner itself works good, it seems accurate and is fast.	When the tuner is turned off it passes the guitar signal and does not color the sound.
1,to small for my fingers
1,don't get fooled, the Base don't come with it, but its a nice case...I sent it back, because I wanted the base...even the company thought it look discieving
1,I generally love Yamaha hardware (omni ball is the best tom mount in the industry).  But there is no tension adjustment on this model.  It doesn't add that much weight to the stand.  I don't want to say Yamaha is greedy, but this model should be discontinued, and the 740A should be reduced in price.
1,The color rubs off, turned my gloves (cold room) red. Black sticker tape for ends should be a softer vinyl to be more seamless, irritates your palms doing finger techniques after a while
1,Still trying to make it work. May be it is me but if doesn't work in any configuration then should be wrong with the product I guess.
1,Came in wrong colors. Some are light greyish black and others are deep black. It looks stupid. Don't buy from them
1,Cheap chinese made par lights		PROS:	Aluminum Housing	Cheap	DMX capable		CONS:	Cheaply made, very little to no quality control	Instructions are useless (the DMX channels are all wrong except for red)		When I first received this package the first thing I saw when opening the box was a paper with instructions on returns, not a good omen.  The first one I opened was missing the hardware (thumb screws to attach the hanger), the second had the LED rows running vertical instead of horizontal like all the others, the third one had stripped threads where the thumb screws attach, and the last one has two blue LEDs not working right out of the box.  WTF.  After a trip to the hardware store for some bolts, disassembling one and turning the LED board to the horizontal orientation, and rethreading another.  I seem to have three of them working perfectly... for now.  The forth has the two blue LEDs not working so I guess now I have three good ones and one ok light.  Still at the price I paid for them (even for three) its a good deal.		I'm using Freestyler DMX and made them in Fixture Creator.	DMX channels are as follows.	Channel 1: 0-127 Power/Master Dimmer; 128-255 Strobe Speed	Channel 2: 0-255  Red LED Brightness	Channel 3: 0-255  Green LED Brightness	Channel 4: 0-255  Blue LED Brightness		UPDATE:  After one week and approx. 4 hours of use one of the lights is completely dead.  Will not power on at all for any color, with or without DMX.  It is not the light with the two blue LEDs out either or the one I rethreaded either.
1,I didn't expect it to sound good, and it doesn't - but - it does what it's supposed to and amplify the guitar and give it a little drive with a few gawd awful effects that are best left unused... my problem with it is my first iGTR unit died after about a week and the replacement unit lasted exactly one day. Not a great user experience for me... Good luck and caution
1,Just got around to putting this in my guitar.  Before I was going to yank everything out of my guitar, I did some checking with a multi-meter. The toggle switch does not make any connections.  It's poor quality.  Buyer beware.		1 star.
1,The 1/4" angled plug is too short to fit into Fender Telecaster, which has a bushing on the plug hole.  The straight plug fits.  No reason to make the angled plug shorter; it probably won't fit many other guitars as well.  Cord also cuts out sometimes.
1,Review of the Electric Guitar Case (since all the reviews of the different cases are mixed together)		This case is just Okay, it is a cheap case, and you get what you pay for.  The main issue with the case was the fact that the crossbeam that is supposed to hold the neck of your guitar in place is made of Styrofoam, is too short, and doesn't have a deep enough cradle to keep the guitar where it's supposed to be.  Because of this, the guitar can move around within the case which means that the guitar really isn't being protected by the case as it's supposed to be.  I ended up taking it out, taking the soft material off of the Styrofoam and ripping the Styrofoam out, then cutting a custom piece of plywood that would properly cradle the neck of the guitar.  I re-contact cemented the soft material on the piece of plywood and re-installed the cross member.  If you don't have the time, skills, or equipment to do this as well I'd recommend skipping this case.
1,This was for my practice set and is horrible. I will be returning. I usually plan a DW 3000-5000 Series
1,The guitar stands are great, especially for the price, but one of the 3 was missing a piece at the top that holds the guitar in place. Not worth the hassle to return.
1,PU Leather. PU is right. Come on...why fool the general public?! This is Polyurethane! That's right...PLASTIC. Lets put it this way. Expose it to flame and it melts. If that's what you want, then by all means spend your money. I just can't see dropping $30 on plastic when plenty of starving boutique leather crafters are out there locally, who would love the chance to sell their custom leather product. Support your local craftsmen
1,Neat little toy for a kid to play with thinking he/she may become the next country music star. I think it was designed specifically for acoustic guitars, not electric. The (vocal instruction) CD that came with it also indicates that it was meant for country-style music and the thick Oklahoma-accented instructor did not not impress me with his musical intelligence. The product feels very cheap as well. I don't wanna tighten the screws too much in fear that the POS will break thru the plastic threading. I don't recommend this unless your kid wants to pretend and you have a Jackson you want to waste.
1,I've been playing guitar for a long while and love elixirs, but people suggested trying out DR Pros. I like how they are priced but I think these strings were dead after a few weeks. While they are cheaper then elixirs...I will have to use 2-3 pairs just to equal the playing time I get with other strings. I was sad that I bought 3 pair but luckily they went quickly. They do sound pretty good during that first week or two...that's why I have more then 1 star. I would really do 2.5 but that's not an option.
1,Wanted to get rid off some noise generated from other pedals and it seems to work fine, however the trigger dial only has noticeable effect from 12 o'clock onwards.		Update: after a bit more than a year of less than sporadic use, the pedal just shorted out on me while swapping a few pedals on my pedalboard. It was probably my mistake to not cut off power before doing the swaps, but all my other pedals seem to be able to take this kind of abuse without any problems. Deduct two stars for wimpyness. This pedal will not be missed - I'll stay away from the brand going forward. On the bright side, the two patch cables still work!
1,All 6 have failed, after 3 months of use. I love the slim design, which allowed all my pedals to fit on my board. I connected them to my pedal setup and left them as is. No excessive movement or repositioning. Great idea, just poor craftsmanship.
1,I will pa in full at 3000 on my acct. Thank you
1,To get these tight enough for a standard thin soprano ukulele peg head you would have to stack more washers or use unreasonable force to tighten them.  Even then I am not sure they would screw down far enough.  The set I was sent seem more suited to the thickness of a guitar peg head.  They have been relegated to my parts box.
1,I  bought this mostly to backup my one year old Chauvet 1300 fogger in case the Chauvet failed to work - the Chauvet pump failed and I just replaced it under warranty (self installed).  It costs a little more than the Chauvet and does not include a timer remote.  The Chauvet comes with a timer remote but neither of the two remotes I have ever worked properly; only the auto continuous button works. That function is alone is good enough though to not have to man the button all night. I let the Chauvet run automatically all evening through my homemade fogger chiller and used the American DJ for intermittent extra dense fog.		Since both foggers have comparible specs I'm surprised that more people have not reviewed them together.  They both claim about the same wattage.  The American DJ 1200 is much smaller than the Chauvet 1300 and is quieter.  The Chauvet has a much more powerful pump and the fog blasts out farther.  The American DJ puts out fog for a longer amount of time when the on button is continuously held down but it takes it a lot longer to warm up again.  The claim on the box and their web site that there is no warm up time in between blasts is not even close to being accurate.  All foggers in this class have to warm up again after a long  blast.		I used the manufacturer recommended fog juice. The $33@gallon standard American DJ juice fog worked well.  I did try Spirit Store fog juice (less than half the price)in the Chauvet and it did not hug the ground like the Chauvet juice even when I used my vortex style cooler chiller. Unless you want smoke style fog I would not use the Spirit Store juice.		Next year I'll probably purchase the remote timer for the American DJ fogger.  I'll update the review then.		Update Oct 19, 2012:  I ran the unit for about 20 minutes of intermittent blasts and then the output gradually went down to a very low level and started making noises.  The unit had a total of one gallon of American DJ fog juice run through it last year and this year I'm using American DJ ECO juice. I'll contact American DJ for support tomorrow and will update this rating based on their response.  Taking off 2 stars for now; if American DJ has decent support I'll change it back.  Too bad, I was just about to order the timer remote for this thing. Now I need another fogger before Halloween.		Update Oct. 22, 2012: I have not contacted American DJ for support. I found that the fog juice filter seemed to be partially clogged.  There was some white stuff in the fog juice tank so I strained the juice (it had a full tank and the stuff is too expensive to waste) through a coffee filter and flushed out the tank.  It ran for a few minutes afterwards and developed the same problem as before so I removed the filter.  It seems to be working ok for now.		Update Oct. 30, 2012:  The unit completely stopped working.  It makes noises but no fog at all. I disassembled the pump and it seems OK.  I don't know whether the pump failed or the heater unit.  Obviously, it won't be of any use on Halloween this year.  Disappointing product that did not last a year.\		Update Oct. 9, 2013: I removed the output nut and found junk behind it. I blew it out with some blasts from the fogger. Then, I ran a mix of vinegar and distilled water through the system.	Also, I soaked the small part behind the output nut that is used to reduce the flow to make the juice become fog in vinegar for a few days. The fogger outputs fog now but I think it is a reduced amount. Anyway, I'm glad its working again with no real money spent yet. I just ordered the remote control.		Update Oct. 9, 2013 continued: My Chauvet 1300 fired up again for its 4th season. I like it a lot better - it costs the same as the American DJ 1200, it came with a semi useable remote, puts out much more fog, and has been more reliable.  I've run Chauvet, Spirit, Chauvet high density, and several Froggys products through it.  My American DJ 1200 has only had American DJ juice in it. I am going to run Froggys juice through it (American DJ) this year. I don't recommend American DJ ECO fog juice; the fog stinks and white stuff grows in it if it isn't used up quickly.		Update Sept. 16, 2015:  The Fogstorm was useless for Halloween 2014 because it had the same problem again (hissing noises when the button was pressed with very limited output).  This year I blew out the heater line after disconnecting the pump line, cleaned out the output hole valve again, ran both vinegar and isopropyl alcohol through the heater and it worked for 5 minutes.  I fired it up a week later and it is back to the same issue.		Update Sept. 16, 2015: My Chauvet 1300 worked great last year and fired up this year for its 6th season.  In my experience there is no real comparison anymore between the Chauvet 1300/1301 and my Fogstorm 1200.  One reliably makes fog and one does not. And the unreliable model costs $50 more now with the timer remote.		Update Sept. 12, 2016: My Chauvet 1300 broke last Halloween after about 20 minutes of operation and I just got around to fixing it.  The lights were all on but nothing happened when the fog button was pressed and it did not heat up. The heater thermostat went out.  It cost about $20 including shipping for the part from Chauvet, and was easy to replace.  That meant that my Fogstorm 1200 had to handle all the fog work last Halloween, and it did OK.  It still works this year, but I have learned it has to be cleaned out after every Halloween or the output valve gets clogged.  I'd still buy the Chauvet over the Fogstorm.
1,Id suggest to stay away from this one. It does work mostly but there are a few issues from the start. Firstly the pedal is huge! Not sure why they made it so bulk for how little wiring is actually in the unit. Secondly its got some crackling when you press the volume down and after a few months it started to have an issue where the sound level actually fluctuate sup and down as you push the pedal down.  Behringer does have some good items, sadly this is not one of them!
1,The reviews were VERY favorable for this drum key. Burt it does not work as advertised.		The key is fine, but the extra expense for the tension dial was not worth it - this key does not work on ANY of my tom toms on three drum sets - because it is not nearly sensitive enough.  It needs lots of tension to even start to register. Maybe this works for tightly tuned marching drums, but it did not work AT ALL on my drum sets.		I am very disappointed, as the reviews were so positive that I bought it. Too good to be true.
1,What a joke, these taste like s***. As most guitarists can relate, you hold your picks in your mouth on occasion when you're not gigging with the tree on the mic stand. Tasted like sweat and toes.
1,You're buying a brand, not a quality microphone. This isn't the Shure of the olden days. This is poorly manufacturer, dull sounding, and un-durable junk. Go with Seinheiser or EV, save yourself the headache.
1,Worked great for a month. Felt cheap when I assembled it. One of the arms warped and fell right off. Wasted $$$.		Not sure what stand to get now. Looking, not at this one.
1,The right side of this broke after one day of having the very base of the microphone in it. I didn't even stretch it out or anything... it just... well, it broke. I posted a pic on imgur: [...]
1,price is good,far from a neutrik and cheaply made
1,Not a great product, very pricey for what it is. No on/off switch is a real annoyance, no option for a A/C cable.
1,Didn't work at all for my Mac (OSX El Capitan 10.11.6) with an older Oxygen 8 MIDI controller or a Behringer FCB1010 with a UnO chip (v1.0.4) Didn't even show up in my Audio/MIDI setup after rebooting/unplugging/speaking sweet nothings/saying 5 Hail Mary's, so I returned it. No use for a faulty piece. Save money for one that works, like this<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/midiplus-Tbox2X2-USB-MIDI-Interfaces/dp/B00WU6F4M6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">midiplus Tbox2X2 USB MIDI Interfaces</a>&nbsp;that worked really well for me.
1,One failed on me last night.  Light use for 6 months, taken care of.
1,These sticks are nothing like Promark before they were purchased by D'Addario. They don't look as cool, there's no sumo wrestler. Also, the paint rubs off very easy. The wood doesn't seem to be as good of quality as the originals either. Overall, very disappointed.
1,Cant recommend for a mandolin. The thread pitch on the screw is too coarse, and it has a tendency to unscrew itself mid song.
1,This stuff is not like the "rolls". I can't find the rolls anymore, so I have to buy this stuff, no choice. It is TOO THICK. It's like wrapping the stick with golf club handle tape. Additionally, it is not quite as grippy as the rolled material.
1,Waste of money.
1,The Sticks broke the very first time I used them live.
1,This is one of those things you buy, then wish you bought better. Then you buy one better and its still only 2 or 3 stars. The sum of the two could have paid for a good one.
1,I got a couple of these....only buy this cable if there is NO CHANCE that it will be ever used in the real world....	after only a month mine has developed a nasty short in the plug....and of course , since this cord is molded/sealed up tight , it can't be repaired.......you could cut off the plug and solder a good 1/4 inch plug on it...but why bother.?....just save your headaches and money and buy a good heavy duty cord....this cord is too flimsy......its junk with a fancy molded plastic ergonomic looking plug  housing...but inside its junk....thrown away money.!!!.......buy a lottery scratch off instead,,,
1,For guitar, get the other Korg model, the white one with a calibration feature, I forget the exact model number or description, but much, much better.  This one has some quirks I did not like and somehow I found it just difficult to use.  I now use white model all the time, it's great.
1,Returned item because it arrived damaged.
1,I gave this 1 star because I don't have the option to give it 0.  It is a terrible product. Spend a little more and get something better. It is true in this case, "You get what you pay for."
1,The amp has been a disappointment.		I bought it with a Korg PX5D to provide some reverb and EQ. It sounds ok for practicing at home. But, I have tried it in several group settings, including guitar/bass duo and jazz quintet, and I just can't get a sound I like.		In a group situation it isn't even as loud as it is advertised to be.  Here's why. If I raise it off the floor, the bass response is inadequate. It seems to need the coupling to the floor. But, if I leave it on the floor, the speaker is barely at ankle height, pointing at everybody's legs. If I turn it up loud enough to hear, it doesn't sound good.		Also, there is a good deal of hiss.		I have a 12 watt practice amp with a 10 inch speaker that sounds fine off the floor.  In fact, the 12 watt (solid state) practice amp has about the same useful volume as the LB and sounds much better.		I now use the LB as a spare. I leave it in the car during a gig, just in case the amp I'm using fails.		It does seem to be well built. It is small, light, easy to carry and it does work. So I gave it 2 stars.
1,I purchased this item, but unfortunately I received an empty box from the seller. I guess they couldn't tell the package weighed nothing. I contacted Donner Direct but they didn't even respond.		I guess if you actually receive your product and it works, cool bonus for you. If not you're out of luck with this seller.
1,Haven't tried them yet. But, I like DR strings anyway but can't give them 5 stars until I install them, SORRY!
1,You certainly get what you pay for.  I attached the sucker to a mic stand and then noticed the metal had completely warped. Threw the thing in the trash and luckily my bassist had a extra pop filter sitting around. I gave it two stars because I got it so cheap and I figure it taught me a lesson.
1,Mine arrived not functioning.	Returned...bummer :(
1,dont waste your money. this pedal had little to no envelope filter sound. I bought the Boss AW-3 - amazing.
1,I will update my review to say that it has now been three weeks since I contacted 1byone's customer service and I still have not heard from them. This company does not appear to provide good service		Bought it for Christmas. Checked it out when it arrived in October, everything seemed to work fine. Started it up this weekend, control panel was not working, although the lights were. Let it go run for 15 minutes, everything quit. Contacted 1byone tech support on the weekend. Have not heard anything from them, three days later.		Update -- still haven't heard from 1byone after one week.
1,In the product description, it is labeled as Grover, but the packaging says it is a Trophy Toy brand. The sound is less than the snoopy toy harp. The volume is great if you don't want to annoy someone that is sitting in the same room as you can hardly hear it.		After reading the product reviews, I even opted for one day shipping since the price was so good.		Save yourself the time and disappointment, and spend the extra $20 for a real one.		I suggest googling for a good brand (they can be bought in any key for $25)
1,connects fine - just reduces sound considerably
1,Product does not perform as indicated. Distortion level very low, and touch sensitivity to produce this tone not very responsive. Something has changed since this pedal has been introduced by Mad Professor.
1,It seems pretty mediocre. It's rather flimsy and the bolts are very weak and unable to hold up my mic, but I think a bit of work with a few wrenches and I'll be able to get it to work
1,The sound of this microphone is poor at best. Spend a few extra dollars and buy a real microphone even if it is a Behringer, Samson, or Pyle it will blow this piece of junk right into the trash. If you really want a good sound and a mic that will last you a lifetime buy a Shure SM58.
1,Very disappointed.  Purchased 2. Just set it up for a Christmas party and the stainless rod with 2 balls that is the main adjustment had a ball fall off.  I assumed it just needed to be screwed on and found that it was not threaded.  I am shipping it back. Thinking about returning them both.  Wish I would have invested in something more durable.
1,Cheaply made and not for persons over approx. 6'0"
1,Too small to hold an average size wireless microphone.
1,only fit 1 out of 4 of my guitars :-(
1,Terrible don't even bother
1,I think this product is a great idea but its not really practical.  Some of the amp models do sound great.  The tone matching is a neat idea,  but there are some issues you should know about.		Bluetooth:	The bluetooth has to reconnect if you do anything else with your phone,  view a text, answer a call, and it takes 10-20 seconds to reconnect.  It can get frustrating fast.		User manual:	The lack of documentation is pretty shocking.  I could not find any tutorials on how to use the device.  The ones available by Line 6 do not address this issue:	I am still unsure if there is a way to assign a boost or other stomp effect within your patch to one of the 4 footswitches.  I've owned this pedal for a few months.  Still no clue.  I would assume there is since Line 6 shows you how to make patches on the knowledge user base website,  they show you what delays to add in for solos etc,  but how are you going to engage these effects while playing?  The only way I can see how to do this is open the app,  wait about 20 seconds for the bluetooth to connect, go into the tone editor menu and manually activate the delay/reverb.		Music Library:	Many of the songs i have downloaded on my android phone will not show up in my Amplifi music library.  I have no idea why.  If the song you want to play is not on your phone, it does not show up, you cannot use the tone matching. In my case the songs are indeed on my phone and they still do not show up on the Amplifi music Library. There is no rhyme or reason,  some songs will show up, some will not.  I have been trying to load some songs by "The Sword" for weeks.  Today I downloaded some Metallica, and those show up fine.		The tone matching can be a little off sometimes also.  The amplifi seems to think all the songs in my library sound like Jethro Tull's Aqualung.		In conclusion, I think this product is a good idea with poor execution.  You can buy a zoom g1on for a fraction of the price of this unit with similar functionality and it weighs a lot less.
1,Not very good--sticking with the Snark
1,The design is great and works much better than the traditional tele socket. However I had to go through three of these all parts branded jacks until I found one that would screw all the way on a standard switchcraft mono jack. The others would get stuck before fully seating. I tried candle wax and graphic solution to see if it was just a tight fit but there was a small burr inside that prevented proper use. Not sure if the satin varieties have the same inconsistency.
1,Cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap...microphone kept falling over until I tossed it in the waste basket!  Could not support one single microphone
1,I was looking for a lamp for my grand piano's music stand in order to avoid having a plugged-in floor standing lamp next to me while practicing, as floor space is very limited in my bedroom with the piano and bed. There is a strong (3000 lumen) floorstanding light in the corner of the room by the tail of the piano, but it lights towards the ceiling and doesn't provide enough coverage on the music stand to sightread.		After reading the reviews here, I went to buy this lamp at Guitar center for the same price as Amazon. I asked to see it in action before purchase, but they wouldn't demo it for me.		This lamp is simply not bright enough to adequately cover 2 pages of sheet music. In particular, there is not enough light at the bottom of the music stand.		To get an acceptable amount of light, one has to position both necks very close to the page (2 inches), but then the light will cover only half of one page. I estimate that one would need at least about 4x as much light as this lamp provides. It is too bad that lamp manufacturers do not quote the lumen on their lamps as this problem would be easy to spot if they did.		Unfortunately for me, Guitar center doesn't accept returns on lamps. So this lamp is now useless to me. If you still want to buy this lamp, get it from a place that accepts returns like Amazon.
1,Shorter than the stock cable which negates the advantage of the right angle plug. What was Shure thinking?
1,In a month the clamp looked horrible the strings came off looks bad to present to others the good thing that it does its job my mic is still holding up but with time it looks horrible
1,The reason I am giving this two stars is because the base plate is not flat. If you put this on a flat surface it rocks back and forth, a lot. If you screw this down on to the top of a flat guitar surface, it will only rest on the back half of the plate. I will be forced to have to spend a lot of time and effort grinding this down flat, and then I will have to coat it to protect it from rusting. I am almost thinking about sending it back. There is no excuse for this kind of shoddy workmanship.
1,I tried for hours to get a good recording from this, on three different guitars. The microphone seems to be unable to handle louder playing, especially for lower frequencies. While the software provides input and output calibration, as well as eq, no settings were able to provide a usable quality of output. I'm glad that I bought the device via Amazon Prime, so returning the unit for a refund is fairly painless. I hope this or a similar product works better in the future, as MEMS microphone technology has great potential (impressive frequency response at a very low price point).		You will note that some are having success with this microphone, and there are online videos that sound quite nice. If you intend to take a chance, please make sure you are able to return the product without too much hassle if you encounter into this distortion problem. And just use the free app until you're sure it works for you, before buying any add-ons.
1,I bought this wanting to use it for multiple duties. Recording, drum mixer and on occasion, small acoustic guitar/singer songwriter venues an doped mikes. I owned for a year before trying it as a mixer for my TD9 Roland set and SPD-SX sample pad. Needless to say, I was very disappointed to find that all of the left channel inputs were non functional. A fault that hadn't revealed it self with any of the mono uses. So, I started trying to get this replaced or repaired and was met with: Your unit has passed it's ninety day warranty. Try this xyz link and talk to them. After emailing everyone and there brother and getting sent several different links to resolve my issue, I quit trying and just sold the unit to someone who didn't need the stereo functionality. I'm not really impressed with Behringer. I don't mind a piece of gear breaking or dying on me. That happens. It's what the manufacturer does to fix it and how fast they can do it that counts. Working musicians can't afford the time or money to wait. They need an actual human being to answer the emails and stay with the customer until the issue is resolved. Saving my gig money for another small mixer. Mackie, you're up next!
1,--they sent me the wrong one. I ordered the SN-1, they sent me the SN-2. I already owned an SN-2; now I own two SN-2's. Is there any difference between the SN-1 and the SN-2? Hell, I don't know, I can't compare the two, because, you see, I own two SN-2's, not one of each, so I can't compare them. Okay, this is not a major screw-up, and I wouldn't have even written this review but Amazon solicited it in an e-mail to me, so here it is. Annoying, but what are you gonna do? I rated this only one star to express my displeasure with this mistake, but in reality, the tuner is pretty good. Probably 4 stars, maybe 3: it's not incredibly precise in its calibration, but it's pretty good. And I like the colorful display. I just, you know, kind of mildly wish I had a blue one . . . like I ordered. :-(
1,Unhappy with this "high end" cable. The diameter of the jack ends are undersize, the cable rock inside of the end jack causing shorting out.
1,Don't waste your time with these cables. I bought 2 of them. One of them was already broken and the other broke after a month or so.		Don't make the same mistake I did: spend a bit more money (even just $10 more) and you can get cables that are 1000 times more reliable than these. To be honest I'm pretty shocked at how many good reviews these are getting. If I had only bought 1 and it turned out not so good, I might've given them the benefit of the doubt, but the fact that both cables were complete duds makes it pretty evident that this is just a bad product.
1,Dont last but a couple weeks..terrible feed back as the ends near the plugs detirorate quickly. Will never buy again even if only 5 bucks
1,when i got this guitar i tuned it up and tried to play it it just sounded and felt very cheap for the price there are a lot of guitars that are so much better i would not recommend this guitar
1,I took a chance and bought because the description said it was compatible with most keyboards.  It did not work with mine... in fact, it did the opposite - not sustain, but shortened the tones and cut them off immediately - read other reviews that explained why this was and that many others had had similar issues, but still I was very disappointed.
1,I'm surprised at the good reviews. This thing is a piece of plastic..that said	  It's might last..might be strong enough.. I haven't had it long and I imagine many people have em so it could be ok in that department bit it is a piece of plastic.	  Now the big problem is the sliders..it's hard to find the middle. The feel of the sliders are stiff and mushy. It's hard to get accuracy.	  The  travel distance of the faders is small combine with the mushy feel.	The distance between faders is really tight, there so close together its hard to move one at a time..	 Sounds is warm though..
1,This is a piece of s***! Don't buy this, the sound quality is worse then my phone's mic... I regret buying this and I took too long to return it so I wasted my money....
1,This thing does not reduce the sound nearly as much as I wanted.  I still have to stuff a rag under the tension rod to get an acceptable level.
1,They look like used strings......and I have not used ,m!  I,m not sure where they came from???? so still in pkg...will see? LesH
1,Defective right from the box	Looks nice but worthless
1,Heavy bow with practically no curve.  The wound finger rest fell apart in just a few weeks.  Teacher thought this might be a viola bow. Not a good choice for a serious student .
1,I put these keys on a home made upright bass with string gauges the same as an electric bass. The keys worked for about three months, then the cheap brass for the gears started stripping out one key at a time. I finally went to a more expensive set that have better quality brass and they have lasted ever since with no problems. Spend the extra $$$ and get better keys for your instrument is the lesson I learned.
1,It was Not what I wanted. When A Person has a low Income We can Not afford what We can Not use. I was looking for what Is called Shimmer most Reverbs do Not have Shimmer as the RV600 Because Digitech called Shimmer, String Swell and Volume Swell Is linked to the Violin Sound It cost Me 30.00 Its called Slow Motion for a reason because It has to be played slow to hear the effect the only way to hear It Is with Over Drive being played on the high Strings. It might be good for playing with a Bow, I have No Idea because I can Not afford a Bow.
1,When I received the guitar in the mail, I liked it a lot. However, I found it hared to tune, and use. In a couple of weeks the bridge broke. I was very disappointed. IO was reimbursed for the instrument, and I ordered a better more expensive one. I do not know if all of these guitars are like that, or if it was just a freak accident. I must say, it was beautiful to look at.
1,The different thicknesses are all the same color and the markings are too hard to read, so you really never know what to grab.  Assorted colors will solve this and give them another star or two.
1,I was dissapointed to find out that you can only use one of the	effects at a time, good though they were. Too expensive for	only one effect at a time. Returned it.
1,Sorry, but this Shubb needs work! It has too much curvature for the thickness of the sleeve. I had to flatten it a bit with a mallet to get it close with the sleeve that's not as thick/effective as the std DeLuxe model. I wasted my money
1,Never buy this. 10x better pedals for the money (See boss ds-2 or pro-co rat). I have this pedal (It was given to me) and I never use it. Don't listen to good reviews.
1,Disappointed with the inflexibility of this chord. It's like a stiff cable on a cold winter night. For the money, really quite the disappointment. Was hoping for the flexible soft blue-jacketed cable. Will keep looking.
1,This product has very poor drivers...I had to install the drivers with all my antivirus/system protection software disabled to get it to work with internet and general audio files. I tried to watch a DVD and Windows disabled the driver (again) so it worked with one or two audio sources not internet or DVD...Rebooting does not solve the problem. Once disabled by windows the driver is done...I suspect if I disabled all protection from software having carte blanch to control my system it might work with all but DVD Audio sources. This is unacceptable...I will not disable my anitvirus and system protection permanently to record, master or listen to audio , or use my old interface to watch DVDs or master DVD audio which would make the most use of the performance of the interface....This is just pure junk of a driver. My old interface worked with anything what so ever I threw at it with no setup or special considerations. My old interface is flat out plug and play ....This interface the EMU 0404 is not plug and play in any translation of the term. For $200 I expect total functionality...I am heart broken. This unit looks like one of the best made...But it won't work so it is useless...I tried for hours with various set ups and installs to get it to work....AND LET ME express this to you. I am a recording engineer and bought this for my home projects outside of the very professional studio I work in. I totally know what I am doing and just can't get this Driver to work....Don't buy this if you have premium anti virus software from McAfee and Windows Vista Premium.....
1,We bought this in hopes for using it for a recording project, but when it arrived, it only processed the sound one note at a time. I returned it. Luckily amazon is amazing for that. Buy something of higher quality if you prefer not to waste time with the hassle.
1,the sound of the guitar is in very bad condition. the volume does not work ... very nice color but it does not work well. I will return this guitar.
1,get what you pay for on this... cheap price = cheap construction. you make the call
1,Does not work for at all, I can't hold properly while playing.
1,Don't work in iPhone 5s or iPad2 mini
1,Its funny that, as I write this, there are 2 5-star reviews and 1 1-star. I don't think its as good as the 5-star reviews let on nor as bad as the 1-star. Yes, it is loud -- louder than the Firth and other pads that are wood or composite bases with a rubber pad on them -- those have little or no sound, unless they have BBs or other objects designed to mimic a snare sound like the Pro-mark X-pad. On the other hand, this pad is about the same or a little quieter than the Firth stock pad and slimpad -- ones designed to mimic the feel of a marching snare.		I own several pads, including this one. This Remo pad is the one I don't use. This would be a better pad if it were still built as it was in the '70s -- more or less the top of a snare drum with padding under the head. The older ones had metal rather than plastic rims and was tunable with drum keys rather than a screwdriver. If you can find a cheap one used, get it. Its size and light weight are a big plus. Throw it in a backpack with some sticks and you can practice on the road. But make sure you are all by yourself or in another part of the house.
1,Fits but color has a greenish tint not solid cream color
1,I received mine yesterday and was not happy. It's built sturdy enough but the actual clamp you tighten to place the shelf is missing an extra groove that would keep it from sliding off. With the weight of the shelf and anything else you place on it, it leans and then slides right off. Not wanting to wait to get another I was forced to use cables to brace it and keep it from falling off. This is a bad design. I would not recommend this product.
1,One of the three cables actually allows enough signal to pass through to be used.
1,This may be a good multitrack recorder but I expected something way different from this unit. I expected to be able to record two tracks, left and right, off a mixer as a stereo signal to WAV format and then transfer that file to a computer... not a chance!  Not without sooo many steps and so much time.	Records only to its own proprietary format.  Mixdown to a useable format is in realtime... no speedy file coversion here... two hour recording = two more hours for mixdown, at least.  Produces two seperate files, not one stereo file.		Ate my 16gig HDSD card; the Tascam formatted it, couldn't read it after that.  My computer and camera can still read it... they see it as a 4gig card now.		The unit came with a wrong button... a play button ">" was in the stop button place so I had two play buttons instead of a play button and a stop button.		The front of the unit has a nice feel.  The knobs feel solid.  The battery cover on the back doesn't feel right at all.	You have to remove the batteries to get to the SD card slot.	Didn't find the user interface intuitive at all, but then I wanted it to do something it wasn't designed to do.		Like I say, maybe a perfect unit for desperate multitracking... wouldn't call the thing a recorder in any practicle sense.		Sent it back, am going for a Zoom H2, but wish it had 1/4" inputs.		Update to review: March 2010	See the comments to this review, I was unaware that the unit partitions SD cards and I could have recovered the card.	I ended up buying the Zoom H4n, now over a year ago.  I love it.  I has 4 channel capabilities and can mix down the tracks.  It costs more.  See my review there.  It's simple to use and does an amazing job.  Between the H4n and Audacity, WavePad, and Free Audio Editor (all free audio editing programs) I can edit, mix, and add affects to my recordings to my hearts content, or of course I could do it all on the H4n but why would anyone unless they were stuck on a desert island with nothing but their recorder?  It just makes sense to me to do the mixing and editing on a computer.  Anyhow, I still think the DP-004 was a poorly interfaced unit that was worthless to me.
1,Tore almost immediately
1,Hahaha!  ... Have been using a relatively DIY cable professionally for nearly 23-years (coil cord with  Switchcraft 1/4" connectors).	So I splurge at the store and buy one of these nice looking cables for my new Jaguar and Starcaster ....big friggin mistake!  nn.....noise and grief galore	two stars cause it's damned pretty! (that's all)
1,I ordered three and one did not work. Contacted seller, never got a reply.
1,It's passable for spoken voice or other very low level input recording, but higher levels result in massive clipping. Even with the gain set very low the result is a very quiet recording that still clips to point of noise. The switches on the mic don't seem to do anything at all.		Of course I threw away the packaging after testing at low levels, so I can't return it.
1,I bought this kazoo and two cheaper Honer plastic kazoo. The plastic ones sound so much better that I am thinking about returning this, despite the small money involved, just out of disappointment. It is that bad.	The membrane is barely responsive and the attempts to sing in this thing are just frustrating. Instead of being fun it just makes you look ridiculous and feel tired.
1,Do not buy!  I had a student buy one of these because it was one-handed quick operation AND only five bucks. Not only did it snap in half on first use (the capo must be made of cheap pot metal) but it also has a groove in the rubber part that holds your strings caused by the opposite spring-loaded piece pushing in too hard. This causes your strings to buzz and have issues.  All sorts of bad on this one.
1,I have had trash can lids that sounded better. Save your cash.
1,It only lasted 5 months. I just play about two hours a week in my bedroom. it was not pulled or step on. just stop working.
1,What I received were NOT Schaller straplocks.  Instead, I received cheap Chinese knock-offs branded as Madina.  They did NOT include the felt washers that go between the strap-button and the body of the guitar.  Also there was a large burr on one of the "horse-shoe" slip-over pieces that I had to file down to avoid possible gouging of the finish of the guitar.  The fit is also looser that of real Schallers.  They do, however, fit real Schaller buttons and the plating seems decent enough.  Those are the only reasons I'm not returning them.
1,It keeps making noise and getting loose. It was cheap but I gave up of using after a month. As soon as I find other better fit I will upgrade this post.
1,In the picture "Fender" is written on the strap blocks. The ones i got do not say fender.
1,didnt need
1,A guitarist friend raved about this little amp.  Perhaps the one I received was defective or my friend had sudden hearing loss because it sounded horrible to me.
1,This pedal works ok for practicing. If you have an amp with no distortion whats so ever, I guess this will get the job done. But I STRONGLY advise against recording using this pedal. Have tried to run it to an amp and mic it. Have also tried running it straight in to a recording device, and the result is always the same: a god-awful, horrible-sounding muddy tone that cannot be helped with all the EQ in the world. It is not good for metal, or any other genre for that matter. I realize it is probably not meant to record with, but i feel that anybody who is searching for a good studio guitar tone should certainly look elsewhere. If you have a combo amp, the distortion on it is probably way better than you will get with this pedal. BOSS makes some great products, but this is definitely not one of them.
1,these strings sounded horrible.
1,When I first received this ukulele, the strings were VERY loose. I had to tighten it up, then tune it. However, no matter how hard I tried, it would not tune properly. The sound that comes from this instrument is absolutely horrible. It sounds nothing like a ukulele. What an awful waste of money! No matter what song is played, they're all completely unrecognizable.
1,This is the only transducer I have, so I don't know if this is normal to be this weak.  It's not very loud at all.  It works with one of my amps (with lots of feedback), but it doesn't work with another amp (vol and gain at max).  Oh, and it picks up everything.  I could record while talking into the guitar and it will record my voice, along with any guitar handling noise or clothes shuffling.  All these things might be normal for a transducer, but if it's just accepted as being the norm and not fixed I cannot give it a high rating.		I later found out why it doesn't work with my other amp.  My other amp is a KEYBOARD amp.  It must have something to do with the type of impedance or voltage coming into the input.  Make sure to use a GUITAR amp with this product.
1,Cheap made, 2 out of the 4 didn't work, rattled when I got the box.
1,Not good
1,Stopped working after a few weeks.
1,I've been using Primo's for a while and love them but they're very hard to find.		Thought I try these b/c of the good reviews.	Very disappointed... these reeds (and I tried 7 of the 10 to be sure)	sound like I'm playing thru a towel....Muffled & weak.		On the upside, I purchased the Rico "plastiCOVER" reeds in the same order	and absolutely love them !!!  They last long & provide excellent tone throughout	the life the reed.
1,I wanted to love this product so badly and debated tirelessly over purchasing or not... DO NOT BUY THIS!  It is cheaply made, would only play correctly for about two key changes and slipped out of place, And never could get it to fit my 3/4 size guitar right like my research of the company's website said it would.  I immeadiately sent back and got a refund!  I was so disappointed!
1,The reviews for this pedal were glowing so I thought that I would give it a try. I understand the desire to find a $40 replacement for a tube amp. Don't fool yourself into believing that you are going to get close with this box.		It's a fine little $40 distortion pedal, but it isn't in the same galaxy as a tube amp.		If you want that sound cheaply, try an inexpensive modified (new tubes and speaker) Fender Champ or a bunch of other options out there, like the Ethos Clean or Orange Mini. Some things you can't skimp on.
1,There is a slight hum from my Digitech vocalizer 4.  This amplified it.  May be an electrical thing this won't handle so I won't criticize other than to say it didn't do what I expected and needed it to do.
1,This unit came free with my Kamaka ukulele I purchased in Hawaii (a $1,000.00 instrument).  It worked fine for two years and then the seam failed  and leaked, leaving a damaged area of my ukulele.  I would never recommend this device, and I have also let the seller of the instrument (world's largest seller of ukuleles) know how bad it is.  They are going to connect me with the factory to have my  instrument refinished at reduced cost, but there is no excuse for this type of failure. Still a expensive loss to bear.
1,I really was hoping the negative reviews were a thing of the past , however the fact is G&G cases are now JUNK , well just about.		I gave 2 stars because it is the best Fender has to offer , and that is a shame , Fender is slipping. IMO for there American Deluxe series , they should contract with Ameritage cases , that is where I plan to buy my case when all my mods are done and verified.		I hear they are heavy , but well made , if that is true then I might finally have a case worthy of my Strat.		I honestly wanted to love this case , but the bad hardware , tarnished and chipped and the imperfections in the tweed , forced me to make a logical return , and I really hatted to see it go , but I can`t buy junk !
1,Everything sounds the same, no matter how you set it. I guess it is nice for folks who like a lot of distortion. Would have been nice if it had at least one setting with clean sound. I guess Whammy would love it (look for his Schecter Guitar reviews on Youtube).
1,Sounds tinny, going back to my 10 in splash.
1,But really you need the correct software to do anything . The software in this package is the worst iv ever had to deal with . , The studio has no other use to me besides a splitter . The software has three steps and you need to licence the software . If you lose the key-code you will never get another . Even if you have your key-codes like I do it will not except them .	I don't write bad reviews ,But in this case I could have spent my money wisely . And just bought a software program . Live and learn .
1,Don't waste your time and money with these very poor quality wind screens. You get what you pay for. The foam on these is extremely thin and brittle. The foam tore apart as I very carefully attempted to place these screens on my standard size ball mics. I returned them for a refund. Ironically, the product name is "tour grade." Not even close!
1,Well, I have 10 differnt clipon's I bought this thinking Wow! its Korg it must be good.. This is the worst thing i have ever tried it is so inaccurate and jumpy you could never use this for anything but a quick tune up.. Do yourself a favor and get a true chromatic tuner... some I would suggest the Samson Ct20 is great as is the Snark do not be fooled by the name some hack company made this and Korg put their name on it... Now Even worse you have to view this thing from a side angle who wants to tune with it slanting up or down... Its just junk if I could give it a negative I would.. I am not returning it.. I am taking in my backyard today and shooting it.. I'm serious
1,ATTENTION: Just because you like ACID Pro doesn't mean I can't voice my opinion on the legitimate flaws I see in it.  If you are already a user of ACID Pro, do not vote on whether my review is helpful or not.  Your bias is showing!		If you've used other Sony products, setting the VST plugin location is usually in the options settings.  With Acid Pro 7.0, they decided to bury it in "Plugin Manager".  The problem being that it's an obscure little icon that I had to go searching the web and YouTube to find.  That's bad.		Then when you find how to setup your VST location, you start to find that it doesn't draw the VST UIs properly.  Sometimes it will draw a graphical, other times it will use generic controls.  It's just very bad.		Without good VST this really just a remixing application and not a very good DAW.  That said I'll really only use it for beatmapping and mixing if I need to add sampling tracks.  Otherwise, this is FAR from a PROFESSIONAL product.  Might be better off saving a few bucks and going with the Studio version.		It's a shame because I use Vegas, SoundForge, and DVD Architect and I think those are excellent.  I think they dropped the ball on Acid.
1,-Lacks versatility and ultimately sounds muddled on every amp setting.	-There's no way to ellicit a punchy sound from the device.	-Even if this is your beginning guitar, invest in a EB-3 or a different model, epiphone lists much higher grade guitars and having something that plays well is so important when your starting off
1,Would not recommend for all guitars. Hard to get on a lot of strap holders because the leather is so thick. Also, extremely squeaky on the surface of my guitar. I do not like mine.
1,I was very excited to try this pedal when it finally arrived. Just to find out it WASN'T WORKING!!! it is defective, and because i brought it to Mexico, now i can't get a refund or a replacement.	I will try to fix it through some local electrician or something. Very dissapointing!
1,I purchased this product to lubricate the tuning slides on my trumpet and flugelhorn.  I haven't used this particular Selmer product for years.  The company must have changed the formula because clean up is much more of a chore than I remember.  The tuning slides move easily, but it was very difficult and took a lot of work to remove the excess grease from the finish of the horns.  Can't say I'll use it again.
1,Foam all along bottom fork/base reeks so bad I could smell it before opening.  Make me sneeze incessantly and my eyes water.  Also, it was missing top stem so I had to return it.  They would only offer refund so I'm back to shopping for one.
1,The whole unit is held to the boom arm with a tiny cheap little screw with barley and head, that is forever coming loose. Your very expensive mic could be dropped at any moment. Nothing about this unit says " I am worth $100". Electro-Voice sure can make a mic. But so far the products they sell to go with their mics are just the worst. Avoid this one!
1,The machine heads that came in do not look a thing like this
1,was very dissatisfied
1,The product I received was a cheap imitation and not an authentic Shure product. If you receive this windscreen loose without Shure retail packaging, you should consider it to be a fake.
1,If you have a 4C, or other starter mouthpiece, then your next step-up should be a nice HR MP, Vandoren, Meyer, Selmer all make great ones! Their price range is $80 to $150, but the boost in tone quality, projection, and innovation is well worth it!!!
1,Good product but doesn't fit a Telecaste Roadworn.
1,OK, this thing works, and I bought it and I have used it, but I'm not going to give something a good review when I hate the fact that I need it. It's stupid and ridiculous. I'm not against digital rights management. I am a programmer, after all. But you know what this doesn't do? Actually prevent piracy. I bet you that anybody could go online and find cracked versions of every piece of software for which ILOK is required. Meanwhile, I might misplace or forget to bring something like this when I'm out of town, then when I need to open a Pro Tools project, then what am I to do? The only thing that this stupid USB key does is punish people for wanting to follow the law by making paying customers feel like criminals.		So yeah, it's stupid. I have tons of music software that has online activation that works perfectly. Why is Pro Tools so special? Who knows.
1,its ok I guess
1,I got a set of four of these cables bundled with some cheap mic stands.  Half of them are already crapping out after only a few hours of use.  You get what you pay for.
1,I've been looking for a replacement for my two HR-16 and three MMT-8 hardware sequencers to create drum and bass lines. BeatStep Pro looked like it could do the job and it fared well in reviews, I finally bought one when Amazon put them on sale.		The hardware looks nice, it came with the required midi in/out adaptors and the ground-loop spoiler cable. As I looked through the box and manual I realized there is no power supply because this thing derives it's power from the USB hole on your computer. After reading the manual (skinny quick start guide) and looking at the hookup diagrams I realized this hardware would not work for me because I don't have a computer in my keyboard room.		I wanted to love it but it got packed back in the box and returned to Amazon because it won't operate stand-alone without a computer as far as I can tell. That's my only complaint about it, I did not try the hardware because of the computer and power limitations. If it works for you then it's cool.		Good luck and good music to all!
1,The deadest strings I ever purchased. I thought they were defective so Dunlop sent me 2 free packs. Both packs were dead too. If you are use to high quality strings like DR, Rotosounds, or Blue Steels you will be disappointed with these.
1,Did not fit my Martin DCPA5.
1,Will not support a NT1a with a shock mount (like the picture!)... sinks every 5 minutes or so.	Avoid, overpriced cheap junk.		Sorry I bought it.
1,Leaves a smeary filmy mess on the surface of guitar.  Worse than before I used it on a dusty guitar.
1,At first, I thought it would be great to have extra light strings on my guitar.  I have a GS Mini Taylor.  Well, disappointment!  They didn't stay in tune at all.  I found myself tuning between each song, and my conclusion is I wasted the money.  I went to a guitar store and they put on the Elixer  light strings.  The sound is 100% better!  I have played at least 10 songs so far and minor tuning at most.  I don't know what the extra lights are for, but certainly not my type of guitar!  The mediums were recommended in the user manual, but I found barring difficult.  Much easier with the Elixer lights.
1,I have never had such problems with guitar strings. I've been playing for about 15 years, and these are my least favorite I've ever bought. For starters, they don't stay in tune very well. I get some times strings need to be adjusted, but these are like every single day. Also, they don't hold up very well. I usually just strung along to country music, and I've flown thru these strings. They pop so easy with just a little bending, very disappointed.
1,Unfortunately these won't stay on my fingers. They should be able for down stroke as advertised but wont. For just standard picking they may do great, but not for Spanish/Flamenco style playing.
1,Great setup and so easy to program and install. And not too bad of a price either, but this is where the problem comes in. These units come at a fairly high cost, and one would expect good noise to volume ratio from that price point. But they are far from quiet. Without any audio coming through, just by plugging into a pair of headphones, the noise is very noticeable. Like a cheap headphone amp or something. I am comparing this setup to our Solemix Jamhub setup which the Powerplay is slowly replacing in our band. The Jamhub setup is deadly quiet and sounds really great, but its not a professional system and is hard to rack mount and all. The Powerplay setup is noisy, dirty sounding, and sounds cheap. Not happy at all.
1,I bought this based on all the good reviews of it.  Bought it directly from Soaap.		The plugs in the back of the unit, where you would plug in a cable, will not hold the plug well, and I keep getting channel drop out.  All three holes the same.		If you try to play two strings at once, with vigor, you get crackling and breakup of the signal.  Single strings at a time seem to be ok.		I immediately contacted SOAAP, and they have not responded.  I suspect they won't at all, and their return policy is such that it make it impractical anyway.		I'll probably gut the electronics and get a better pickup for it, which will cost twice what I paid for this, but, well, better than nothing.
1,crap, too much to write here, just don't buy it.
1,If you value your instruments don't buy this one.  Im not sure how it ended up as the editors pick because its a piece of junk. I ordered the 3 guitar stand.  It arrived fine and it appeared of decent quality when I unboxed it.  Upon assembly I found the grooves in the adjustable pole where not in the right place making it very very unsteady.  I managed to make it work as it was but assumed quality control must be lacking at the factory.  Anyway fast forward 10 days and it seemed to be fine otherwise.  The rubber straps to hold the necks in are nice and holding up fine.  All in all its doung what its supposed to.  So tonight after playing I set my guitar in and it collapses.  Thankfully I was holding it when this happened and everything didn't dump over.  After managing to get my guitars out without dropping them I inspected the stand and found the nut thats attached to the pole for the height adjustment had broken off allowing the bolt to fall right out. This would have rendered the stand completely useless but being a handyman I drilled a hole into the adjustable pole and put a screw into it to hold it together.  Do yourself a favor and buy a nicer stand.
1,I got this to attempt to get an 90s Roland synth to connect to both a PC and a Mac with no success. The keyboard worked with other gear. I'm not sure whether it was defective, or I had driver issues or what, but the amount of time I spent trying to get this to work was not really worth the savings of this thing. Should I have to hook up non-USB midi gear to a computer in the future, I'll just go with a much pricier interface that I can be reasonably sure will work.
1,i purchace this for a lo budget project.  i was not expecting the best but the tuners had to be tossed,  The locking thread worn out after the first tring was held, and when tuned they would slip on the bearing, not only that, one of the tuner had a defect that scratched the shell / nut.  theses are not 3l 3r but 6in line.
1,I have three mic stands, with this one being the fourth. I STILL have three mic stands because this one was absolutely horrible.		1. The top mount would rarely stay fixed and kept dipping down.		2. The bottom clamp never did secure properly. It kept opening up even without a mic on it. The weight of the stand itself stripped it.		I sent it back without hesitation.
1,This product is worthless, it produces very little advertised effect.
1,I own several Rolls products and am satisfied with all of them, except this one.  The workmanship was terrible.  It feels solid in your hand, but the potentiometers cut out left or right channels intermittently.  Additionally, the unit adds severe distortion to the signal long before it's maxed out.  in fact, the distortion is grotesque and unbearable beyond the 5 setting on any channel, with input volumes at any audible level (for my uses, I'm at line level).  I'm confused as to how other reviews are so kind.  Perhaps my unit was defective?  I'm not going to chance another 80 bucks on another defective unit.  Amazon was fantastic in the return process, though, so if you are going to take the risk, Amazon is certainly the route to go.
1,Watched a tutorial on how to use this pedal and its easy to figure out if you apply some attention to learning. However the abbreviated amp and cab models / effects is annoying has you have to memorize and or reference the appendix constantly of owner Manuel to figure out what your using. The pedals tone sounded over compressed and muddy on everything I tried playing using a Fender P into a flat response power amp into a 4x10 Hartke cab..Many useless patches that I would never use. I ran this pedal direct into my DAW and was not impressed with how it sounded back on a direct recording..no XLR output and that's ok but the bummer is no AUX in so no late night jamming to your favorite band. I've given up on these multi effect units..The sameness of sound and cheesy effect tones are not for me..I recommend the Vox Amplug which are excellent practice devices and are cheaper than this pedal and offer AUX in and superior tone (use quality headphones).Give this pedal a try  if you want . I did but sent it back for refund..
1,it worked for a short time , I  had problems and stopped using it ,
1,As a professional drummer, these are Not good stands.  If you play in your garage, and don't break them down, trap case them, set up, break down, again, continue, they may be ok.  They are Wobbly, with an 18' cymbal that you are hitting hard, worse, the cheap/junk rivets come out, with causes the stand to spin, and simply come apart.  I had to duct tape 2 of these to finish a couple of gigs.  I threw these stands away, sold the good ones, and purchased stands that can stand up to even light break down, and set up, without falling apart.	Good for a beginner, junk of you gig.	I Don't recommend these light weight cheaply made stands.
1,The strings sound fine but they are really loud when I slide my fingers on the wrapped strings.
1,The drawstring inside the cover snapped right out of the bag!!!!  Luckily it can still fit over the keyboard but I can't make it any tighter as the product is defective.
1,Satisfactory item. A bit flimsy and forward leaning.
1,Counterfeit!!!  Internal packages clearly state "Made in USA", overwrap has "Made in China" barcode sticker, and D'Addario states string code has already been registered.  Reported to D'Addario and Amazon!
1,I bought the used one on amazon and it has a buzz and control knobs don't work sometimes.
1,(Edited 1/6/15 after conversations with Focusrite rep)	I purchased this after reading multiple recommendations for Focusrite equipment, and because I liked the aesthetic appeal of this unit. Today, after testing it for two weeks on my Windows 8 production PC with an Electro-Voice RE320 microphone, I am returning it. Here are my specific reasons:		- I experienced major issues during the installation process. After installing the drivers from the Focusrite website and restarting, the unit prevented my PC from booting past POST (the first screen you see after powering on a PC). This happened multiple times and eventually required me to unplug the unit and adjust my BIOS settings.	- The unit would generate a series of loud clicks and pops every time I booted into Windows. The pops would register on both of the gain knob LEDs as well as the power light. It almost seemed as if the unit was having some sort of electrical short, but the pops would always stop after a minute or so.	- My microphone required a ton of gain to even register on the LEDs. Unfortunately this also meant that the monitors required a ton of gain. The Scarlett Solo has no on-unit mixing control which meant that I was constantly fiddling with the monitor volume knob as well as my computer's own volume output controls. A mix knob seems like a huge omission in hindsight.	- Ableton Live Lite is junk. I'm sorry. Downvote this review if you want to. It won't change reality. It is totally befuddling that an audio interface this aesthetically pleasing would be bundled with a program that looks as if it was developed for Windows 3.1. The Ableton code that was shipped with my unit did not work, so I contacted Ableton and they unlocked the program for me. Unfortunately this did not mean that any additional functions became available. Linear editing was virtually impossible. The unit did work with my primary DAW application, Adobe Audition, though low gain continued to be an issue.	- The Scarlett Plug-in Suite that was included with the Scarlett Solo was plagued by technical issues. Every single plug-in introduced a skip in my edited audio about 2.5 seconds into any recording after the effect was applied. I confirmed that this was a software issue by recording audio with my old preamp, a Shure x2u, and editing the audio with the Scarlett plug-ins. Note that the skips occurred *after* activating the plug-in suite with Focusrite's included code. So, basically, none of the software is usable, at least for voiceovers or people who care about audio fidelity.		Now I want to say a word about customer service at Focusrite. I have gone back since my original review and docked the Scarlett Solo another star because of the approach of their customer service. I have received multiple messages from Focusrite since posting this review, none of which actually take ownership over their product and the issues it has. What Focusrite did not know is that I am an audio producer with more than ten years of experience, including about five years in engineering. I have worked in small home-based setups and brand-new broadcast studios. What I know from experience is that this product simply does not rise to the level of other products at the same price point. I've worked with preamps and processors from the biggest names in the business, all of whom stand behind their products with customer service that stays with you until it works. I've had a company's lead product designer call me personally to assist with tweaking a processor. I've even had another company go so far as to offer to fly their own engineer to my studio, at their own cost, to diagnose and fix a technical issue in person. While I wouldn't expect that from Focusrite, I also don't expect for them to put the issues with the Scarlett Solo back on me and my setup. The greatest piece of advice someone has ever given me is, "When you make a mistake, own it." That means that if a more-than-qualified customer with a newer PC that has already been used as an audio workstation can't get this thing to work, then at least introduce the thought that there might be something wrong on the manufacturer's end. Offer to walk the customer through the setup and tweaking process over the phone or a live chat. Offer to replace the unit. Don't just be concerned with negative reviews on Amazon. Own it.		I am disappointed in the Scarlett Solo and would like to think that it is not a reflection on the rest of their product line. For my needs, I will continue to search for a better audio interface.
1,This pick guard WILL NOT fit a Made in Indonesia Squire Tele Standard.	I had no idea that the spec had changed between the MIM Squires and the MII Squires. Apparently the Indonesian made Squire Teles have 22 frets instead of 21. -- Someone should really update the description details to include this information,		The result is that the extra fret pushes the pickup down so it no longer lines up. (See picture) The only way to get this thing to fit would be to dremmel it. I don't have a dremmel. I also think it would look horrible to have to saw out that much plastic.
1,Heavy and kind of crappy.  It does the job though.
1,Noisy, not worth it at any price.
1,IVE HAD THIS A TOTAL OF THREE MONTHS AND TODAY IT STARED FADING IN AND OUT WHEN I WAS PLAYING MY KARAOKE MUSIC.  THANK GOD I WAS NOT AT A GIG.  MY ONLY SUGGESTION WOULD BE TO GO WITH THE INVESTMENT AND BUY A MARSHALL AMPLIFIER HEAD AND SAVE YOURSELF SOME HEADACHE WITH THIS GARBAGE.  GOOD LUCK WITH ANYTHING THESE DAYS MADE IN CHINA.  I GO THROUGH A NEW AMP EVERY COUPLE OF MONTHS BECAUSE IM A PROFESSIONAL SINGER AND IM REALLY GETTING TIRED OF THE GARBAGE THEY SELL TODAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1,Screws on the ends of the tuning keys were rusty and looked like that were screwed on with a drill that messed up the heads.  There were other spots of rust.  Also they felt like they have sand inside.
1,good only for strumming, not good for arpeggio.
1,I went through two of these before giving up.  Both had noisy pots and I found the effect more trouble than it was worth.		This is a very old and broadly-misunderstood effect that still stirs much controversy.  I think it still may be of limited utility in certain studio mastering functions -- where it is best applied as a VST -- but it has little place with personal stage gear.  It is generally reviled among more experienced musicians and especially by FOH sound techs, who find the effect disruptive to the house mix when used on individual instruments.		In converting the chip to work on 9VDC, numerous compromises were made compared to the 120VAC rack units.  According to BBE, the unit has less headroom than even the cheapest rack version, now discontinued.		Pass on this.
1,This is a rock solid shock mount. The mike screws on tightly, and is held very securely. The materials & construction of this mount are top grade, and it has a heavy, quality feel to it. The pop filter is in exactly the right place and is mounted on a very sturdy arm which is fully adjustable.
1,I have a regular accoustic guitar - it is too short for it - covers only 5 strings - what a waste. I have another one of a similar design and the other one works fine.
1,Fretboard guards add height to the guitar neck when one needs to file fret height- not a well developed idea.
1,No..not a good product.  My son plays drums and goes through lots of sticks.  This looked like a good deal, but all they did was break.  I would not recommend and will not be buying these again.
1,Junk.  Someone else said, "good for the case".  That's about it.  The instruments are the poorest quality.  Hard to blow.  Some notes don't work at all.  A friend once said, "you get what you pay for and then hardly ever".  I should have learned by now.  I will use the case.
1,Too thick.	It gets in the way of playing on the next two frets.
1,BZZZZZZZ...pause....BZZZZZ.	This is my second Pitchblack Poly, and both have had serious noise issues. Engage the tuning mode, and it's whisper quiet...until the guitar feeds a signal into it, and then BZZZZZZZZ.		Really annoying.		I guess I have to go buy a new tuner.
1,I was very depressed with the effects and how they were drowned out quite easily in the music. There was not enough presence and the harmonies were ok but no better than a digitech performer or any other harmonizer I have owned. I thought I would get some cool vocal effects but was terribly disappointed. Its an ok unit for the money but not near what the u tube performers make it out to be. Was hoping for better.
1,They changed the length of the string by shortening them by a fraction of an inch and they barely fit on my nut. This last set actually routed out a groove out of my nut causing my string to buzz terribly while playing. I had to buy a new nut and change the scale of my strings after 6 years of no problems. and 3 different basses.
1,works OK but you can get brass cleaner at 1/3 the price
1,Bought 5 packs on good review, Open tune "A" on National Resonator Guitar. Broke 2 BRAND NEW G strings (tuned up to A) while restringing. I know that this is a great deal of tension, however these are the FIRST strings that I remember ever breaking stringing or playing this guitar in over 10 years. Going to stick to my others, will not name brand out of respect. (brand starts with a D).		Inferior quality, might be ok for regular tuning: however my experience supports comments of strings going dead fast...		If anyone from John Pearse reads this, you can contact me... sent strings back to Amazon - thanks Amazon for being great on returns
1,difficult to set at matching heights. Strange tripod/leg system. legs narrow, widen then narrow again during set up. Not show friendly.
1,I bought a set of these to try to learn some fingerpicking techniques, but I have to say I had a bear of a time trying to get them to fit properly, and they felt tight and uncomfortable on my fingers, even though my hands are pretty small.  It was a cool idea, but they should have made them out of a softer plastic where they fit around your fingers, and harder where the striking surface is.
1,it works great!.. but only lasted 3 months then it quit working.
1,Purchased for a 2 pieces guitar and bass. Did not have enough power really to drive a couple of 12" speakers. It did ok, but you had to crank that thing up past half way, just maxed out. The eq is kinda garbage and there is no good option for monitor mixes. If you need something for karaoke, then even this is a bad option. It just doesn't have the right kind of outputs and options to do anything useful with it. Spend another couple bucks for a better option.
1,Crashes when running,  can't handle much.  But you get what you pay for. Works fine if using for monitoring outs, but Crashes if used for send and return channels.
1,Of course, I should know better than to buy anything with the name "Pyle"!	I ordered 2 of these, hoping to get stands (listed at 9.92 lbs) that were HEAVIER than ones I previously ordered ("Musician's Gear" listed as 6.4 lbs).		Instead, these new Pyle stands are LIGHTER (7.2 lbs) than my previous ones--Musician's Gear, which are *actually* HEAVIER at 8.2 lbs AND ARE CHEAPER (almost $10 cheaper for two).		FYI...	1) The mic holder DOES fit a standard Shure SM-58 mic, and,	2) The height adjustment control on this PYLE stand is VERY ROUGH and difficult, not at all smooth and easy like the $15.99 Musician's Gear stand.		<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Musician-s-Gear-Die-Cast-Mic-Stand-Black/dp/B0018TAITA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Musician's Gear Die-Cast Mic Stand Black</a>
1,Strings unfortunately oxidized almost completely in less than a week...		I've purchased elixir 80/20 bronze nano web strings before from guitar center, and they lasted months before even a hint of oxidation.	These on the other hand are practically garbage after 5 days of being on the guitar with light use.	Disappointing..... I'll have to replace them with ones from a store I can trust has good quality.
1,I wish I had spent a little more. I have a studio so it I'll probably get some use out of these but if I could do it all over again, I wish I went with a higher quality stand.		Pros: great price, the carry bag is very convenient (although very thin and light weight - would not be usable for transporting to gigs on a regular basis).		Cons: the worst part is that the 3 legs that fan out on the bottom do not lock in place. In fact, they don't even settle in place with out locking. I can literally bounce the stand a little (just a fraction of an inch) because the weight of the stand with the mic isn't enough to force the legs to fan out completely. If you pick the stand up, the legs immediately start folding in - the most frustrating part.		They just aren't sturdy stands.
1,No phantom power, and 2 of the inputs are slaved to the left/right channels.  It doesn't work well as a drum mixer, which is what I purchased it for.  I'll use it for overflow channels when I run out available channels on the stage.
1,Tiny and useless wall sticker.  Don't bother.
1,It was broke as soon as I used it it made the problem worst
1,Didnt  work as expected
1,I agree, it's not very absorbent. I had been using a strip of nylon I got at a fabric store and this silk isn't anywhere near as absorbent as that nylon was. I went back to the nylon.
1,I'm trying to like this pedal because everybody else does but I don't.  It is just blah.  It doesn't do anything well.  On its low distortion setting it is still too distorted with the stock tube.  On its high distortion setting it lacks richness and overtones associated with a more heavily driven tube amp and its too fuzzy.		I swapped out the tube for a JJ 12 AX7 and that is better.  The JJ is lower output so it does better on the low gain setting, adding just a little grain to the sound.  On the higher gain setting the distortion is smoother.  If I keep it I'll run this tube in it.		Then I tried an EH 12AY7 which is a lower gain tube.  Surprisingly it is louder and buzzier than the JJ and stock tube. When I adjust the gain to 1 - 2 the pedal seems to drop out or fade when the guitar decays.  It is obvious the circuit isn't designed for this tube.  I don't recommend it.		I've run it straight into a delay and reverb to a mixer, and I've run it into the front end of my new Bugera G5 and I feel the same about the pedal with both configurations.  The distortion on the G5 is much better than this pedal.		I realize this is only $50 so relative to its price point I can see why people think it performs well.
1,Trippy. I don't get it. makes a great cup coaster. They got my money too. Mommy!!!
1,I am not a fan of these stings, I do not like how they are wrapped, they create too much drag on my fingers, they tarnish too fast (even when cleaning the strings after playing), and had the bottom E string unravel loose at the bridge and break while playing.  But my main gripe is they are too BRIGHT!  I have used them on my Fender Jaguar and my PRS Starla and I dislike them on both guitars, had to lower the pickups on my PRS because they have more output.  Ill definitely be sticking with plain ole Ernie ball green Slinky strings.
1,The audio is really anoying it have too much bright. At least the range is good. But i don't like it even for home karaoke
1,This stand is ok for light home use. I would not recommend this thing for gigging or travel. Very cheaply made but does the job. Guitars do not rest naturally in a sweet spot. You must set a guitar down in the correct position or it will lay a bit sideways and jar other guitars on  the rack. Avoid if you can spend more.
1,Blagh. Pretty sure this was shorted on the tip when I got it. It never worked well and there was so much plastic and shrink-wrap sheathing around the connector, for what I paid for the cable, I wasn't interested in re-soldering it. A lot of people seem satisfied with these -- maybe their QA just is lacking. I returned and got a Pig Hog, which I've liked before. The connectors are plastic on the cable side and feel like they might break easily, but the fabric cable jacket is really nice and both looks and feels good.
1,You get what you pay for. Spend $20 or $25. The hair sucks on this thing. The curve is also uneven. It's brazilwood so it is light and flexes well but it has too many drawbacks to recommend. AVOID THIS BOW.
1,these were a good deal and no harm to try, Thank you to the seller, but as for	personal preference, I took a chance on these to try,The size and shape is good but they are a little to soft for me
1,The quality is not what it use to be on these, I am very disappointed. I ended up throwing it away, I would of returned it but I had to mod the plastic base slightly to sit flush. As a degreed luthier I say stay away!
1,You get what you pay for. Spend $20 or $25. The hair sucks on this thing. The curve is also uneven. It's brazilwood so it is light and flexes well but it has too many drawbacks to recommend. AVOID THIS BOW.
1,It says this compressor is  NEW but that was definitely not. They must have known that it wasn't  new and sent this to me.	I'm so upset.		Carl Martin Compressor itself is awesome and this item is more than five stars.
1,I bought this for my sons uke he just has it sitting there no real need to buy one. I should have just got the wall hanging type.
1,It holds the guitar up, but the inside of the strap will rub your neck raw....do not recommend
1,Distorted, and extremely hard to use as the controls are completely out of reach. Cheap, yes..and a clear example of getting what you pay for.
1,Worked with FLStudio and OSX 10.6.8 with no drivers needed.	If you're going to be composing, one could nicely listen to your keyboard's output and play away.  However, if you want to hear the midi output at the same time, you're going to be in for about 500ms of lag, which is quite unacceptable.  No problems other than the severe lag.
1,I have small fingers on the Trump scale. The finger picks fit my pinkie. I Am going to try boiling water. The thumb pick is fine. I will not reorder and stick to the metallic style.
1,Good
1,For me....you know everyone has a different type they have to use...these are easy to grip and thats a great idea but I need a more flexible, light gage pick...I love the grip though that part is brilliant...they need to branch out with light gage models...the idea that you can make them more flexible by holding them differntly is all advertising amd bogus.
1,They were pretty to look at, but way too thin. I could not stand the sound they made hitting the strings. I actually tried to glue two together, but you know it did not work. Prefer the heavy picks now. And if your using Heavy Duty strings, forget about it, they will bend as you play.
1,I was gravely disappointed by this fibercane reed. It made my instrument sound like a kazoo !!! The tone was terribly bright, loud and edgy - not what you'd want in any reed, the real thing or one made from synthetic materials. It occurred to me however,  that perhaps a heavier strength reed may sound and work better but having been so displeased with the one i purchased I don't want to try...
1,Piece of junk arrived poorly packaged.  The bass drum was cracked. The cymbal stand was bent and you were unable to use it.  This was a nightmare purchase for me.  I bought for my son Christmas gift it arrived on xmas eve and I was total let down.  When I tried to exchange they did not have a blue drum which was his favorite color. I honestly was grateful they didn't because this drum looked very cheap.  Don't waste your money.  If you are buying for a toddler maybe.
1,not as described both pickups ar 8 ohms NOT 16 ohms at the bridge like it says
1,NOT A GOOD IDEA
1,The pedal worked great the first 10 days of use then the stomp switch started failing, sometimes not responding altogether and sometimes executing the wrong instructions (Like double tapping would start overdubbing).		Also when engaged, it cuts my whole chain's volume in about half, making it impossible to use.		Very very disappointed and TC electronics have done nothing about it yet.
1,Another, newer update!! I ordered two more of the same lights, but Amazon is now playing tricks with the product. The music light I received is NOT THE ONE SHOWN. It DOES NOT have rechargeable batteries inside, but rather requires three AA batteries instead. The lamp housing is a different shape, and it is very obviously made by a different company. Unless you want to provide your own batteries (the box says it's supposed to come with 3 AA batteries included, but there were no batteries included), be warned. The charger is just as cheap as before, and the power cord is still only 6 feet long. I'm returning the lights immediately.		Update!! I just took a look because I was thinking about buying a couple more, and found that the price had increased by 58% in less than one month. Of course that could be the price that Amazon is charging me, you might be getting a different price. The light hasn't changed, but at the increased price I don't think it's worth it. The charger is still a cheap piece of crap even though the light itself is OK. So . . . caveat emptor!		Original review: I purchased two of these stand lights for use at home, because it's easier and cheaper to give them to musicians who come over for a rehearsal than it is to buy floor lamps to illuminate their stands. I already have three of the very similar Mighty Bright Orchestra lights that I use for gigs, but these new rechargeable ones are less than half the price and looked to be about the same size and brightness.		  The light itself seems to be a sturdy and well-made piece of equipment. The LEDs provide plenty of light -- as much as the Mighty Bright --and the flexible gooseneck is stiff enough to hold the light in the desired position without sagging. The inside of the clip is padded with rubber, and it grips my stands -- my Manhasset, my thick wooden one, and my thin portable one -- without slipping. The on/off switch is on the grip rather than on the lamp, and so is the attachment for the adapter. There's a plastic fin that blocks the illumination from escaping toward the audience, just like the Mighty Bright has. Unlike the Mighty Bright, there's no carrying case, just a cardboard box that the lamp came in.		  Unlike the Mighty Bright, which used 3 AA batteries, this light uses rechargeable batteries, found under a screwed-down cover on the clip. These batteries require about 2 hours for a full charge, and once charged, the light runs for about 5-6 hours depending on the illumination setting. The light can be used while it's charging.		  The light requires the adapter for charging, and this is where the problem lies. First, the cord is short -- only about six feet long -- so if you want to run this lamp at a long gig you'll have to bring an additional extension cord. The cord is also separate from the charger itself. More importantly, though, the charger itself is incredibly cheaply made. I plugged it into the wall socket for charging, and when I went to pull it out, the outer plastic shell tore away from the inner portion containing the circuit board. This effectively ruined the charger after one use. I was able to solder the connections back together, and then, using cement and gaff tape, put the thing back together so it's fully functional, but really!! It tore apart after one use!! At least, even if the adapter had been permanently destroyed, the separate cord has a male USB end, and so could have been plugged into a USB port on my laptop for recharging.		  To sum up: Good, sturdy light. Short cable. Absolutely crappy charger. At half the price of the Mighty Bright (which has given me NO problems at all and works great) it's a good deal as long as you have the skills to repair the charger when and if it breaks. I wrapped black gaff tape around the second charger as a preventative measure, and it should last just fine.
1,I've had this audio interface for two years now and every time I've tried to use it (mainly for the mic preamps or the higher sample rate), I give up in frustration because it either doesn't work (e.g. will work one time and not the second until you reboot, unplug/replug, or reload the device drivers) or the device drivers cause the system to crash (blue screen of death on Windows 8 or Windows 10 x64) and I end up reverting to another audio interface (e.g. Behringer or Audio-technica).		I'm currently using the "latest" firmware (v1.03) and Windows device drivers (1.04 from 2015-08-25) though the driver is reported by Windows as version "1.4.4.0" from 1/19/2015 and developed/signed by Ploytec GmbH (a German company, not TASCAM):		If you go to TASCAM's own support->downloads page (tascam/support/downloads/), you won't find this device listed. To get the drivers or documentation, you have to go to the product page at tascam/product/us-366/. Though really, it's best to just avoid this device, at least on Windows. It's just not worth it. :-(
1,This stand is way too light to be able to safely hold a guitar. When there is a guitar in the stand, it can be too easily tipped forward. Either the legs need to be extended or some weight added to the rear leg. I am either going to have to figure out a way to add weight to the rear leg but keep the portability of it, or, I will have to buy another stand. My cat can tip this over, seriously.
1,Didn't fit my Uke.
1,The adjustment knob twisted off in my hand after less than a year of normal (no gig) use. Upon close examination, this knob is simply pressed on. I used the capo primarily between a 40+ year old accoustic, which has a thinner neck than what is typically found on guitars today and one with a more modern profile, this neccesitated my having to adjust it from one extreme to another on a regular basis. I was disappointed, because I actually liked its form and function. It just wasn't durable enough.
1,The travel would be tolerable for a sitting position..., but I stand in front of a mic on stage.  The pedal generates  a lot of "noise" so I can't use it.  You get what you pay for.  King Vox and Dunlop High Gain, both passive, have passed the test, and I'm pretty picky!
1,This is not a white pick guard as it said. It's clear, the white is the sticker cover it was on. It was useless for me because I wanted to put it on a black acoustic generic brand guitar I bought for a friend to learn on. He said he always dreamed of owning a black acoustic with a white pick guard. Needless to say I was so let down when it arrived and was a clear scratch guard sticker, rather thin too compared to what I was expecting. Epic FAIL! :/
1,Just not my cup of tea for picks... I love the feel and even the idea, but the ends were just to thick and it muted the sound of strumming a bit. Also, when I was strumming, it was too easy to hit the rubber that you hold onto with the strings.
1,I had read and watched good reviews of the East Top harmonicas on Amazon and YouTube. So I thought that I would give their chromatic a try. I also have a Swan 1040 chromatic, and a Swan 1640 chromatic. I have several Easttop diatonic harmonicas, and a more expensive Easttop chromatic in a key of G. The diatonics are good harmonicas, but....	As far as this one, No! It is raspy, and very inconsistant in tonal quality! My other Easttop chromatic is decent in quality and sound, but I spent more for it, so I guess that with Easttop, you get what you pay for.	The Swan chromatics are much better than a low end Easttop.
1,Broke one almost instantly, then had to go to the store and buy more strings anyway.  not worth it at all in my opinion.
1,Bought this in March, gave it a great review (see below) but now the knob has stripped and so the top rod with the mic slides down, therefore it's useless. Won't buy this brand again.		I just ordered a new mic (sE 5600II) and several reviewers said to make sure you have a heavy duty stand so I went with this and it's solid as a rock! Built like a speaker stand but accommodates a reflexion filter and mic easily, this baby will not be moving anytime soon, great addition to the studio.
1,Undeniably it's cute.  It's fun to mess around with when I'm on the bus or the train, but I find it useless to record with.  Here's why:		I don't like DAW's.  I record live onto an 8-track, which is pretty difficult with this machine.  If you're dealing with 16th notes, the 16-step memory means you're limited to a 1-measure drum track.  Whether it's hip-hop, rock, blues, or jazz, I tend to write 8-measure or 16-measure parts, sometimes 32-bar parts, so from a creative standpoint and a live recording standpoint, it's not all that great.  You can mitigate somewhat, by storing several parts in the memory, but it only stores 8 recordings, so the best you can do is 8-measures, with you having to trigger each of the different parts at the start of each bar.		You can't vary the volume of attack for each individual part of the kit, so beats sound artificial and, well, machine-like.		As far as I know, there's no way to alter or even deactivate the quantization, which is set to straight 16ths, nor is there a way to create a syncopation effect.  So everything is stuck rigidly.  You can remedy with stutter, decay settings, and use of delay.  But it's quite a lot of knob twisting (for 1-measure of a beat) to get something only semi-correct.		In terms of sounds, they're all pretty cool and fairy malleable, with one exception.  The snare drum, at best, sounds like a bag of Doritos, at worst it sounds like static in the recording mix.  There's also no ride cymbal.		There's no undo function, and it's really easy to accidentally hit the wrong key and save over something else by accident.  There's also no current memory of what you're doing.  So if you switch off, without saving, your beat is gone.  Likewise, if you haven't saved and you're groovin' and suddenly decide to switch to a beat in the memory, you can't switch back out.  If the beat wasn't pre-saved, it's just gone.		The built-in speaker is just an insult to human ears.  Obviously you can and should use headphones, but I just get annoyed knowing it's even there.		I do have some nice things to say about the Volca Beats.  The battery life is great.  The thing is tiny, and super portable.  It is easy to use.  You can figure out the basics in under 5 minutes and come to understand every function on it in the first hour you sit with it.  The decay, pitch, and grain knobs are easy to use and offer a lot of variety.  It's simple to hook up to a mixer, 4-track, or other portastudio.  You just need a small to large stereo cable.  It works well with the Volca Keys, which I also have and give 5 stars to.  They hook together and sync up nicely.  It's fun to use.  I throw mine in my bag, no-matter where I go.  It's great during a commute.		All that said, it's also $150.  While I'd like to say that makes it worth the money, the thing is you can get Garageband on your ipad for $10, and forget the DAW aspect of it, you can just use it as a drum machine, that can hold hundreds of bars of drum beats.  You hook it up exactly the same way.  The difference is it's $140 cheaper (Assuming you half a smartphone or tablet).  Furthermore, the app offers natural sounding recordings because it has a variety of quanitization options, including the option to run different quanitization patterns on one beat.  It also offers the option to syncopate, and vary the attack volume for each drum piece (either creating settings for each piece of kit, or setting the volume based on how hard you tap a given part.  You can record live or using step-by-step entry.  It features a greater tempo range, and it has an in-ear metronome function that the Korg doe not.  Finally it has 5 or 6 as many sound options.  For quick beat creation, it also features an input function, where you simply drag and drop icons of different instruments at different X/Y access points on a grid, that the program then uses to create instant, plug-in-play beats.  The interface, at least on an iPad also offers much more working space for your hands, making it relatively easy to place 4 or 5 parts at the same time live on the Garageband software.		Sorry for going off on sales pitch for Garageband.  The point is that I find my Garageband iPad solution a better option for making beats on the spot, and definitely much better for recording, and it costs 1/15 as much as the Volca beats.  And I'm sure others can think of an array of solutions that deliver the same portability and ease of use while providing  more dynamic functionality, better memory, and more sound options for less money.		I'll soon post a review of the Volca Keys and try to be as thorough.  I can say at the start, that unlike it's cousin, the beats, I find the Volca Keys to be great value for money, offering unique functionality and an extraordinary level of functionality and playability for such a tiny unit.  Oh and it's cute too.
1,Could not bear the tone of the E string.  Switched it to Vision Solo and now I like the set.
1,Works but the cable is very thin and looks cheap. This is hard to see in the picture. I would at least go for the pig hog cables for patch cables, bought a couple of them at Sam ash and ordered them on amazon. They were all well made with much heavier gauge cable.
1,I bought one of these in the beginning - just to have something - as this is better than having nothing at all - but it's certainly nothing special. The material and the skinny width was uncomfortable for me and exacerbated my neck pain, so I only used it for a very short time.		On the other hand, if you have a nice guitar that you really take great care of, then you'll probably want to invest in a much nicer strap at some point. I upgraded to a really nice 3" wide black leather Levy's guitar strap - which is five stars all the way.		If you're a newbie and don't have a strap, and are on a tight budget and need something, then this Planet waves strap will probably work for you - till you can upgrade to something nicer and more comfortable to wear. Just my 2 cents.
1,The description here describes two different units.  The DP-02 and the DP-02 CF (compact flash) The DP-02 is the more expensive unit with a 40gb hard drive.  The unit being sold here is the DP-02CF .  Not the one with the 40gb hard drive.
1,Well for starters, this pedal is pretty terrible if you're using a pedal board. It made my board glitch out on stage, worst night ever. I took it off, and everything worked just fine. Looks great, durable, but its not  a great compressor.
1,Too much stuff to try to stuff inside the guitar.  Pickups, solderless connectors, stiff wires that are too long and don't flex, and a circuit board that everything plugs into.  And...a 9V battery.  To top it off, the shafts on the pots are waaaaaaay too long.  But they'll sell you the right ones if you want to go to their website and give them more money.  Very disappointed.  Mine is for sale.
1,I tried this on a 16' Zildjian Custom A crash with a fairly new finish to remove some fingerprints.  I have sets of Zildjian Custom A's, Custom K's and Dark K's. These are all bright finishes. It darkened the cymbal immediately and I had to buff like crazy and reapplied to try to get it off.  It then had a dark shine unlike the new shine in comes with.  The darkness could not be removed by polishing.  I pulled out an old bottle of Groove Juice.  Immediately it removed the stuck on oxidation.  I wiped the rest of the cymbal gently with Groove Juice and rinsed in hot water, dried and it looks just like new.  Going back to Groove Juice...way easier and a brilliant shine like these come with.
1,I used to have a hamilton stand back in the 70s that was a workhorse I used to tour the states. So when I needed some stands I went looking for Hamiltons. Sorry to say but the quality of the rubber at the top grip is now so thin it split after 2 months of stationary use and chipped my guitar. A close inspection found that all the stands show similar rubber failure.		Applied for a return authorization today. I will update this post with the result.
1,This HSS pickguard for my MIM Fender Strat was off between 1/2-3/4" (!) on the H space with no wiggle room. There was no way to make it work. I don't see how they could miss it that badly. Avoid. Cheers
1,Too much interference on this unit. Most of the shots are ruined. It works ok at two yards distance. Anything farther and it doesn't do a good job. Especially if the subject turns or in motion. That is out in the country, far from WiFi stations and other radio transmitters. On some takes there is no sound at all. Will have to search for another, more professional unit.
1,For all the amazing things I hear about these headphone's bass, their bass seemed quite weak to me (with a M&M stack), also VERY uncomfortable as the pads are designed to be worn by an alien who has circular ears.
1,It's kinda ............ junk !
1,For what it costs, it gets 5 stars and works great with my mixer and directly into my DSLR for movie mode.  Now please keep in mine that it is a stereo mic and if you need mono, use a stereo to mono adapter.  I died after very little use!
1,This mixer weighs about 2 pounds regardless of what the actual weight says on the box. My DDM 4000 was broke when I opened the box. I could hear parts rattling around when I picked it up. The DDM4000 is a cheap knock off of the pioneer DJM800 because of the midi connection and the similar features. The quality is absolutely horrible and I would not recumbent this mixer to anyone weather an beginner or pro dj. This is by far the worst dj product that I have ever bought. This product is straight weak and we should ship all of these mixers back to Germany and cut their products off until they can create a product with at least the quality of a numark product. Do not buy this mixer. Own 7 mixers from all different brands and I love them all. I know features and I know quality. It is very rare that a company will create a product that has both and this mixer is a perfect example of that. Get a Rane, pioneer, or high end Numark. Save your money with this crap.
1,I own a few and have a hard time remembering to "refill" the sponge. I'm better off just humidifing the room
1,very hard install, comes off very easy. waste of money.
1,I bought this to use with a Yamaha bass. Plugged it in: nothing. Turned up the volume: nothing. Maxed out the volume: lots of hum, a little bit of the bass. Returned it the next day for a refund.
1,Not a very good/sturdy boom stand. I read a few reviews before I bought it because it sounded reasonably stable/sturdy. Spend the extra money and by the high end Pearl stands.
1,This thing tips over in a heartbeat.  Got different music stands, and use this as a picture stand.
1,not what I wanted. I'll use them for something else
1,cheap, poorly made.
1,Not what they say ,but makes a good back up, but don't use it on hi wattage speaker systems about  200 to 300 wats will all it will be good for and I'm pushing the 300
1,ok
1,I have used these strings exclusively for many years. The latest order looked like they'd been played for years and then repackaged. Greeish and totally dead. Worthless.
1,I am not a big fan of the sloped design.  I  keep it in the back of my board and I need a riser to get the button high enough.  It still sits lower than I would like.  This tuner seems slow to register the notes.  When tuner is turned off the pedal creates a lot of noise.  During live use I had to tune down to a D - The tuner registered a D before I got down to the note.. I do not see any benefit of the Poly technology. I returned the pedal.  Purchased the Pitchblack Chromatic.  This pedal is totally quiet and so far registers notes quicker and accurately.
1,Never ever stayed in tune. cant even be classified as a beginners guitar. was of complete waste of money and time! DO NOT BUY!
1,It's a very pretty instrument, which is about the best i can say about it. The G string simply does not vibrate properly until about the fifth fret. The open G string buzzes so much you can barely tune it. It sounds like you're just snapping it into the fretboard. Then there's the frets: the first two buzz on all the strings, and the first fret even sounds a minor third above the open string, instead of a minor second. If I stay above the third fret with barre chords, I can make it work, but that's obviously not what I had in mind when I bought it. I'm torn between taking it to the very qualified guy who fixes my guitars, or just returning it and rolling the dice on a new one. If you can afford it, go for a little more quality, or get it from a store where you can test it yourself.
1,A few months back, I purchased a BM-700 mic out of curiosity because it was highly recommended for an impossibly cheap mic that sounds decent. That BM-700 sounds OK. It's on par with a name brand $100 mic and not too far off of mics priced around $400-600.	Recently a friend asked me if a Neewer NW-700 was worth using. Since I wasn't sure the BM-700 and the NW-700 were the same, and since the NW-700 was $13, I picked one up.		The NW-700 is the thinnest, worst sounding mic I've heard in some time. It sounds like an old telephone mic and speaker. You'd be better off with your phone's included earbuds and mic. This mic is now in my garbage can.		The two mics are constructed very similarly. They use the same casing and basket. The capsules look almost the same save the wire terminals. The single circuit board looks similar but not exact between them. The traces are different. I didn't map out the circuits to see what was going on because it's just not worth it.
1,could have been of better quality, like they used to be. The fastener (to keep the guitar from falling forward) needs to be replaced by one that doesn't require bending, tweaking, ripping and torquing. It turns out that a simple rubber band does a much better job.
1,Second one I bought. Lousy build quality and only lasted 3 months. Went through two of these before I learned my lesson. Don't waste your money on this junk. I love Planet Waves stuff normally, but these are junk.
1,Useless, overpriced and hard to use in any meaningful way.
1,bad intonation
1,I waited well over a week for these strings, just to finally get them installed and the high E string to snap. When to Guitar Center to get 3 packs of Martin lower-gauge strings. I really love Ernie Ball strings, but these are so light in gauge that they belong on an electric. So in trying to avoid a long drive, I waited over a week to get these strings, then had to drive to GC anyways. Long-story-short, just buy a crap-load of strings all at once.
1,I slung these on a nylon string guitar and the high "E" string ball end popped right off after about an hour of playing. There was plenty of string left because I didn't clip it though so I just tied it like a traditional nylon string. Just a pain that the ball popped off. Nothing about the sound grabbed me so I'll try some different strings next time.
1,Received this unit at 2pm on a Saturday  after hours, four hours later and still unable to get it to work.  Registered unit then downloaded the software when clicking run it locked up and stopped.	  I knew then I was going to be wasting a lot of time trying to get it to run again. Since you only have one download  license you can't download it again, it's  dead in the water.  .  Went back and read the license again and maybe it will allow you to download on two Computers with up to four downloads.  Getting desperate and not knowing how this download program look at my computer to determine if it's installed,  I deleted the download from the download folder thinking that a new  download would not see a copy already on my computer and indicate I already had a copy and would not install .  Half hour later I noticed  Presonus sent me an email indicating I could activate it by clicking on the link.  I don't want to activate it  since it's deleted.  Tried in vain to download the program again and refused to do so  since it has already downloaded.  If you're having issues with Presonus the web site is a joke. As last got a download that is missing dill's  still won't run. Customer email  support three days and still waiting after creating two tickets. THEY DON'T CARE.
1,The spectraflex material is a great concept but I am constantly fighting with this thing as it wants to twist on itself and constantly finds a way to get tangled. It is too rigid or something. You would think it would help it resist tangling but it is the exact opposite. The best moment you will ever have with it is right as you are taking it out of the wrapper. It is all down hill, disappointment and frustration from there.
1,Purchased two of the Hola AT-101 and they both operate the same for me.  The readings are jerky and not smooth at all.  Sometimes you have to fidget around replacing it on various points of the headstock.  Lots of better tuners available for only a couple of dollars more.... Just my $.02 YMMV
1,It works but I would definitely spend more and get the cheap Line6 unit.		This Alesis unit can be difficult to get the receiver and the transmitter paired together correctly.		I would pass on this if I had it to do over. It is not a good sounding unit like the Line6 (which is now under $200).		I'm no Line6 fanboi, but we've used two of their 2.4Ghz wireless for three years and have zero complaints about the sound quality (which is THE most important feature of any wireless).		Good luck and good music to all.
1,Were OK to start off, just went to pull one to adjust and it completely just sheared off at the top.  Had to break out a screwdriver and hammer to get the rest of it out the other way.  Poor manufacturing, have never had anything close to this happen with the cheapest plastic pins.  For the price, I'd expect better build quality.
1,I Purchased this pedal off Amazon March 6th, 2015. Never gigged, but used every day for about 2 to 4 hours, just at home practicing and tone tweaking.	Around December 2015 I started getting random volume drops and occasional static and hum until January 2016 I lost almost all my volume. I thought the socket in my bass was loose, but I had the same problem with different basses. After trying different cables, I replaced connectors between all my pedals, (I have about 10 pedals plus tuner) doing them one at time with no fix. Finally I removed pedals from my signal chain one at a time, When I removed the LMB3 I got my volume back and the static went away.	This was my only Boss pedal and it worked well enough when new, I just expected to last much, much longer. Electro Harmonix has a new bass compressor/sustainer that I'm going to get to replace the broken LMB3.  I've have really good luck with EHX's gear, but I'll be very shy about buying any more of Boss's equipment again.
1,It is very difficult to set straps up.		Additionally, the release of the system varies. Some of the clips were very easy to release and some of the clips were pretty much impossible to separate.		I am not impressed with the set up and the quality standards.
1,i give it two stars because for the brief time the THREE that i've owned over the past year have worked, this thing provided a level of tuning accuracy that no stomp box can even beat. but i have to pan it because they made it out of feeble plastic. i play out seven nights a week and none of these made it through 21 days.
1,dead and very difficult to install
1,First I received it broken but I fixed it because i needed it . And when i put my lights on it , it broke in 2 different places. It is made really cheap and it is really thin. It is not a durable or dependent stand.
1,TL;DR: Started cutting out within very few uses, and you don't want that to happen to you: get something else.		I bought this and Planet Waves' upscale "Custom Series" cable, http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002H09OS?psc=1&redirect=true&ref_=oh_aui_search_detailpage, at the same time, to compare.  Neither had been used much before this one started cutting out.  It lasted through a few sessions at home; it was never gigged.		I bought a Planet Waves Custom Series cable http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002H09OS?redirect=true&ref_=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_0 at the same, to compare the two.  That one still works, but I'm not a big fan of them either.
1,If you're considering buying these, you don't want to spend much money, as I didn't... but if you get a set of four that doesn't have a defective one, you're doing better than I did. You get what you pay for.
1,I have both this, and the tune-bot. Not a fan of the drumdial, especially compared to my tunebot. When I first used the drumdial the center piece wouldn't budge. It took a lot of wd 40 and time pushing it up and down before it actually worked decently. Ended up messing new heads up a bit with its sharp tip and resistance to movement.		Even after I got it working I still wasn't imoressed. I can get the tension mostly even; however, it doesn't mean the pitches are the same as well. So I still end up using my tune-bot.		For me the tune-bot combined with its app that helps me find the exact settings I want to meet my needs gives me a much better result than the drumdial. Some may prefer the drumdial, but I suggest getting both if you're on the fence, mess with them for a while and return the one you like least. Some say the tune-bot takes too long, but now that I'm efficient with it it takes me less time to get my drums in tune with it than the dial.		You may have much better luck with the dial. I was pretty annoyed that out of the box the center piece wouldn't budge, and it took me quite a bit of effort to get it moving. And then the results were worse than my tune-bot anyways. You may love it however, so try both.
1,This thing is all right for what it does, but either way I wouldn't buy it again. If you are REALLY dead set on using headphones, then just buy an eighth inch to quarter inch cord adapter. It's cheaper and not as bulky. Personally, I hate headphones when playing - I like to hear myself rock out. They make a lot of great, inexpensive products similar in size to this one that actually emit sound and act like a mini, portable amp. Get one of those!		Bottom line: not worth it. Either get a standard eighth inch to quarter inch adapter for headphones, or even better get a portable mini amp that emits sound that doesn't require headphones.
1,Waste of money, for beginners or broke people.
1,Product is not as sturdy as I thought it would be and returned it.  Otherwise it was ok.
1,Horrile broke within an hour couldnet find the baterrie or screw to return it.
1,I bought two of these and they are supposedly identical but they were actually two different cable weave patterns, similar but different. The packaging was identical though. Makes one wonder about actual sourcing. I found them more prone to noise from electrical fields than most cables so they are set aside for emergency backup. I'd pass on buying any more.
1,This is not as described,it is a dark dirty green not the nice bright neon green. This is nothing like the one in the picture
1,Every time I take my daughters to a music store, the youngest would head to the drum area and start playing on the bongos. She would sound pretty good for a 6yo, so instead of paying $100+ on one of those, I read the good reviews on this and ordered it from Amazon.	Sorry to say it was a waste of money. No matter how I try to tune it, the heads sound like plastic. No better than turning some Tupperware bowls upside down. Now she won't even play them at home, but still likes the good ones at the music stores. Very disappointed!
1,just right
1,crudola - lame service - i mean lame - can't even understand one line direction - bugera can be okay, and then again it can't - hit or miss - this is miss - sorry
1,If you are a performing musician, look elsewhere. You cannot store multiple songs. You need to set up each song prior to playing it. this requires you to play multiple sections of the song.		Another huge caveat is you have to buy the footswitch to make this remotely gig usable. how the hell is someone going to change sections of the song with their hands while they are singing and playing guitar!! Very disappointing. There's no way around it.
1,i don't know if i just got a dud but, i went through 3 high e strings in 3 days. the first one snapped before it could get to e, the second one snapped while loosening the string (seriously!?). and the third one just snapped while sitting in high e.
1,I think they're okay, but in an environmentally friendly world, it's way too much packaging and slightly wasteful.		You can use a regular dry cloth to clean your strings or even one of the other string cleaners out there. I bought them on a whim to try them out, used 2... don't think I'll but them again.
1,This is nightmare! I wish I can put zero stars for this product- they sound very unpleasant below 5th fret and is squeaking like hell when move your fingers. Very disappointed.
1,It would not remain balanced but instead rocked when sitting down. Manufacturer error perhaps? :/
1,These are far too large for use with most lavalier microphones.
