0,Perfect item for shipping fragile items... nice size
0,I never knew I could use something like these sheets, & I really like them, I will continue to use them, so my shredder will work good & last longer.
0,On time. Quality as specified.
0,Good product.
0,I've used about 10 million (rough estimate) mouse pads in my life- this is the best. It just works, it's not cumbersome, it stays put, it's aethetically appealing, and it saves battery power (you'd be really surprised how much longer wireless mice last- not to be taken lightly).		So, unless you want pictures of cats or have some other ridiculous, delusional need for your mousepad, just buy the 3M.		Now that that's out of the way, just figure out which 3M you'd like:		1. Do you want the one with the wrist support - had these and not as nice looking as the squares, also a bit weildy for me on a desk. I'd rather purchase the separate 3m wrist support and place it myself.	2. Do you want to mount it (sticky back) - had these and they get kinda gross after a while, this one stays put just fine	3. Which pattern would you like? - I have had them all and I prefer the Frostbyte, for what it's worth.
0,works as intended
0,0.7 mm is the most conferrable tip size, anything bigger are for kids.	Quite simply the best disposable pen out there.  For the price and quality, the Uni-ball Vision pen line is the best out there.  The ink is light-year smoother then normal dry ink pen.  The pen looks good and has no fancy parts to it.  You can jaunt down very fast notes since the ink flow very rapid.  You can see how much ink you have through a clear spot in the middle.	The more expensive Gel is the only ink that is smoother and has less blending then the Vision.
0,Great price!
0,great pens and service
0,Good service, as advertised, great shipping time, terrific price, doesn't get any better! Product was difficult to find elsewhere. Difficult to find here, but once found, all good.
0,The moment i picked this letter opener up i felt a surge of power come to my hand.  I knew instantly that i'd have the power to open weeks of backdated mail.  Prior to its arrival I had given up on opening mail.  I let stacks on stacks on stacks of mail pile  all over the house.  Imagine the stress i was under knowing that someday i'd have to open it all.  When UPS delivered this it was a magical moment.  I somehow roused enough strength to open the amazon package and seeing the opener invited a feeling of warmth and sunshine to touch my heart.  Finally the feelings of despair and sadness were gone.  A glimmer of hope seemed to lift my spirits.		I ripped though the thousands of envelopes in seconds.  A lot of my friends have started to call me Super Opener.  I advice you to buy a holster for your letter opener, you'll be finding all kinds of uses for it and will want to have it handy.  A lot of my neighbors are so happy that i now have this opener, because i open their mail for them and place it back in their boxes.		When in need call Super Opener!
0,I love it
0,kid love the pencils.  no complaints so far.
0,Gave as gift
0,I love this all in one color photo printer!
0,I always bought name brand ink and I decided to use this off brand for my new printer. And guess what it worked perfectly, fit with no issues, worked just as great as name brand, bright colors, no leaks and it was a great price. I will never buy name brand again.
0,Thank you for the fast shipping Just what I needed.
0,Great! It's a brass brad.  Works as expected.
0,Ink is Ink and this was very convenient and economical
0,Paper is paper and this was cheaper so I got it.
0,good product
0,I have only one "smart card" that can be scanned remotely (as far as I know).  I usually do not carry this card, but it is nice to know that this relatively inexpensive solution will protect it (and other cards) when I do.		The seller delivered this item on-time and as-described.
0,Just as described and good price. It's good ol' Scotch Tape. What could be bad?
0,for the price they work great
0,Great mousepad.
0,This is the second brand printer i ever have and i hightly recomend it .Super fast printer .I love it.
0,Better price than any office supply store for these environmentally responsible and distinct gel pens. Love them!!
0,I bought this basically to use for my good colored pencils but it also seems to do well with regular graphite pencils. I didn't give it five stars because it does not have a rotary blade, instead it has two regular pencil sharpener's that seem to spin in independent pockets.  I like the fact that it's battery-operated and it does seem to work well.  I don't expect it to last more than about a year.
0,The ink flows well and works in the fountain pens.
0,guess I have been ordering these for more than twenty years.
0,Great vendor, would buy again!
0,Love these pens.
0,I don't know why these are so expensive.  I would use more if they wasn't so high.  When will sellers learn if people can afford them they will sell a lot more of them.  We all know this product (all ink, not just Cano) is way over priced.
0,I use pencils all the time. Real ones that need to be sharpened...not those silly plastic ones you refill with much too thin lead. My trusted old sharpener just wasn't doing it's job, so several months ago I bought a new sharpener. One of the ones where you put the pencil in at the top. It was $20 and I hated it. It didn't sharpen evenly and got the pencil too pointy, so that the tip would break off right away. The Westcott iPoint Axis is pricier, but it does a much better job. I like that is sturdy and doesn't move around at all and I get an even, consistent point on each pencil. The shavings tray holds a lot and is mess free to empty. I don't use it for art pencils, so I can't speak to that, but for the wood writing pencils I prefer, it's the best sharpener I've used. It's a little loud, but most sharpeners are. I also wish it was a big more compact, but that isn't a big issue. This is a pencil persons sharpener.
0,I have had a number of stands for my Macbook Pro.  Most have cost a lot more than this elegantly simple stand.  None of them were as reliable.  This stand is rock solid!  Some people have complained that the front lip, which holds the laptop in place, can scratch the computer.  I put a strip of scotch tape along the lip (took me about 10 seconds and cost about $.0001) and voila!--no scratches.  Don't mess with other, fancier stands.  Buy this one.
0,The Japanese Mech Pencils are the best.
0,This is a great idea for everyone.  So nice to be able to get your cards ready ahead of time.
0,I leave this all day, everyday, in my front jeans pocket. I sweat, I move, I bend, and I take it out to write notes. The wood cover has survived months of this kind of abuse and having a cellphone slide against it multiple times a day.		The paper is nice, good quality (no china-cheap slippery paper) and that wood cover is great and sturdy. Hasn't even bent.		The graph paper makes writing and drawing very easy, especially for art notes and quick charts. Plus, who knows... maybe it helps keep my phone from radiating my hip bones a little bit :P
0,loved them
0,This beast of a printer outputs quickly with good looking results.  The two paper trays are very handy.  I knew that it didn't do copying, faxing and such so I wasn't expecting beyond color printing.  My overall impression is this machine is a much cheaper version of a color office laser printer, not only on initial cost, but especially on replacement ink.  You just loose the water resistance of laser versus ink printing.		If you do anticipate needing to fax and copy, an all-in-one of a comparable price will take a up less space.
0,expensive
0,This is high quality white cardstock... it's very smooth {some of the lower priced options from the same paper company aren't smooth}.
0,A little smaller than I thought when ordering.  Work well.  Fits the use well.
0,The best kind o pencil there is!
0,Fast delivery. Great product
0,I purchased this footrest for my Mom in a nursing home.  Her back is always in pain while sitting in her chair.  I thought it would help to raise her feet slightly to ease the pressure on her back.  It's working out pretty well.  Time will tell.
0,perfect for my first grade classroom!
0,Good Price, on time, work good
0,I'm sure everyone has had someone ask if they can borrow your pen, and you never get it back.  I lost so many good pens that way.  I hate being mean if someone occasionally forgets one and I have spares.  So now I get a bunch of these bics, and they are perfect if I never get them back.
0,It was delivered when promised.  Works just fine, but is quite noisy when it starts to print.  But prints clear, good prints and copies.  The price was good.
0,I was in need of a new office chair so that I don't have to sit on my kitchen chair as it's hard anymore. I bought this mainly because of the price and its great review so decided to get it.		So far it has not disappointed me. It's super comfortable and the wheels are very responsive. I definitely recommend this chair to anyone who is looking for a good office chair with a better price.
0,Best erasers ever!
0,:)
0,I really like these Gel highlighters. They worked great and I have no complaints. I would recommend them to anyone.
0,GOOD
0,itoya products always a 5-star.  Writes great and no ink leak.  Bought a similar item overseas and continue to look for pens from Itoya.  Glad to find it in Amazon again.  Great product and just love it.  Will definitely buy another or more soon.
0,Very comfortable chair.  Very easy to put together.  Took me about 15 minutes.  I normally hate putting stuff together but this was really quick.  The box was very  battered which concerned me when I was opening it.  But everything inside was good.  Instructions are very clear and easy to follow.  No tools required as everything is supplied.  I liked the quality is mainly metal.  I think it would be better if the wheels were also made of metal.  But very pleased with the chair.
0,Laughed for a good 5 minutes at this card! I'd say this isn't a card for super religious moms, and you have to be sure your mother can take a joke.  I'm sure my mother will love this though!
0,Good shade of blue
0,The ink quality on these cartridges work exactly as the manufactures and I cannot tell any difference in the quality. I have only used a couple since receiving. The chips work just like the original cartridges. While I have not printed any photos, the quality of the print on my papers and documents is fine. These were purchased at a fraction of the cost of the manufacturer's ink.
0,good
0,I love that this filing cabinet is on wheels. It works great in my office, where I'm repeatedly moving it around. That said, it is so easy to move that I have to hold it in place with one hand whenever opening a drawer with the other.
0,This is a fun rubber band ball! It is useful and I keep it on the desk that gives my dreary office existence in bit of color.		Also the cats love to play with it.
0,Love these less expensive and recyclable sticky notes.  And the light color makes the inked messages so easy to read!
0,The post-it brand has not let me down yet! Item does not slide off of the desk and I like that this is a large capacity so that I don't run out so fast.
0,These replacement ink cartridges for old-fashioned calculators do what they are supposed to do. I have historically bought these from our office supply company for triple the price. Funny, I don't buy much of anything from them anymore.
0,This is the second time I've ordered from LD Products and would recommend this vendor. They are very prompt in shipping out orders, and their ink cartridges work fine with my Kodak printer.
0,Easy to install but not long lasting
0,A handy powered eraser, lightweight, fast, and not hard to use (to keep from digging into paper i.e.).
0,Most of them work well. Very nice colors. Feels good to hold and write with. Some of them don't let out enough ink while writing.
0,Fits the printer very nicely without any compatibility problems.
0,I used these as part of a halloween costume, layering them over each other just slightly (to prevent the rounded edges from leaving gaps of the cardboard to show through) to make a very good looking false, and unbreakable, mirror for my daughter. They worked great, and looked amazing as part of the costume. Would highly recommend.
0,great
0,Needed new mounting strips for an E-Z Pass and of course the first place I look is Amazon. Here they are. They hold very well and are exactly what I was looking for. I also found them to be an excellent value and very easy to install. No issues what so ever!
0,Nothing fancy, but do exactly what they should do.
0,I've had the printer for three months now, and use every feature - copy, scan, print & fax - almost every day.		Set-up was quick and easy.  The only issue I had was with the Kodak EasyShare software.  After several attempts to uninstall the version on our computer and reinstall the version that came with the printer, I just selected the custom installation option and installed everything else but the Easyshare program.  That's not the preferred photo editing software at our house, anyway!		Ever since I powered it on, it has been a real workhorse! It is a little slow, a little loud, and shakes a bit when printing, but it gets the job done every single time without me having to even think about it.  It isn't glamorous, but it is RELIABLE!		Draft prints are lightning fast, but a little washed out.  Everything printed on "normal" mode is execellent, though the printer takes its time.  If you have large print jobs, it is best to get them started, go do something else, and come back later to pick them up!		In three months of heavy use, it has never jammed or had a single problem, and we're just now getting to the end of the first black ink cartridge. I love that the ink is so affordable and readily available locally.  I was also pleasantly surprised by the photo printing quality.  I bought the printer as an office machine, not planning to use it for photos.  I printed a photo out of curiosity and was amazed.  It was lab quality, crisp and beautiful.  I think it out performed our expensive photo printer!		This is a great all-around machine.  You can spend a lot more money and get something with more speed and less noise, but this is a good, solid printer and a winner for the price!
0,I am happy with the purchase keeps remote control save from the rain dirt and dust . keeps moisture out to
0,The Post-it Pop-up Notes Dispenser turned out to be quite a useful tool!  I love that it has a spot for a pen/pencil which is just deep enough for said pen/pencil to not fall out.  The dispenser itself works quite well, however, you have to buy the accordion-style Post-its to refill it.  One thing I like about it is that the mounting is semi-permanent; meaning you CAN remove it if you want to and reapply it somewhere else.  My only complaint (although it's not really much) is that it takes some time to mount it.  I had to stand there and press and hold it for about a minute to make sure it stayed on the fridge (which seemed like a good place to mount it).  This tool would be quite useful in an office attached to a desk or file cabinet.  I found it quite useful attached to the fridge as well. I give this product 4 stars.
0,Great quality!
0,Nice key chains.
0,I love how sturdy this paper is, it is the perfect paper for my card making.
0,I purchased this computer stand to keep my&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Antec-Three-Hundred-Gaming-Case/dp/B000GQMHBI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Antec Three Hundred Gaming Case</a>&nbsp;lifted off my bedroom floor, in order to reduce the amount of dust being sucked into the case. On this point, the stand is a real winner -- I have noticed a dramatic reduction in the amount of dust on the fans and inside the case itself. This means fewer cleanings and extended life for my computer components.		This Kantek stand is sturdy and well-constructed. The black color looks great with my case (something that was a little difficult to tell from the stock photos, but I'm glad it worked out). I don't move the stand around much, but I noticed the wheels do lock, which is a really nice feature. Even if you never plan on wheeling your computer around, this stand is still a good buy, given the sturdy construction and appealing design.		The only reason this product did not receive five stars is that I would have liked to see more "grip" provided for actually holding the case in the stand itself. There are no rubber grips or anything on top of the plastic parts where the case rests. While this has not been a problem for me, the case does slide a bit if accidentally bumped. I do not use the stand to wheel the computer around, but if I did, I imagine that it might be difficult to keep the case aligned and balanced properly on the stand itself. Maybe a tie-down strap running around the case and the bottom of the stand would help.		Overall, this is a great stand and I am very happy with my purchase.
0,The frame is particle board and while hanging it shredded apart a bit.  The cork itself, fantastic.  Took a tac well and has fulfilled its picture collage destiny of my 11-year-old.  Well done!
0,good so far
0,it's ok
0,Well made zipper pocket and fits well on the Staples disc system and others as well.
0,I'm a teacher, so I need push pins for various things in the course of my work.  These little pins are great - as you can see from the picture, the colors are a little more bright and vibrant than you typically get - the little bit of translucence makes them stand out.  What you can't quite tell from the picture is they are a little larger than the average push pin, so they work really well for holding papers and things to bulletin boards.
0,I love these pens.  I get the very fine point, in purple, which is my favorite color.  It makes me happy, and these pens help me write about how happy I am.
0,I bought this for my husband for Christmas.	He had different keychains for everything since	he couldn't find a big enough ring. He put	all his keys on this one ring and he loves it.	Tells me all the time how great it is.	I think he likes this gift the best of all the gifts	he received!
0,Durable bubble wrap mailers with good quality, well-padded bubblewrap.
0,PROS:		1. These are a good value at half the price of Post It brand ones.	2. Their finish is more visibly matte (preferable) than the competitor's brand. This makes writing on the flag just as easy as the more expensive brand. In contrast, office store branded flags (think: Stapl*s and Off*** M*x have a shiniy finish that is not friendly to writing on them with any pen other than a Sharpie)	3. They have a flat plastic clip like thing on the back that allows you to attach them to a page...Post IT used to have it on its flags but no longer does.		CON:		1. The only downside is that the dispenser does not have the transparent plastic so that only one flag dispenses at a time at the middle of the flag holder.		Overall, excellent value and highly recommended.
0,I ordered these for printing shipping via Paypal for my business. They were a great price, and have a nice thickness and stick well to the packages. Though it shows the size on them, I think they should remove the "for paypal or ebay" part or perhaps let people know these are larger than those labels generally are. I have to cut each label off while leaving a corner so I'm able to peel the backing off. It's not a major thing, and would buy these again to save some money, but want people to be aware that if you don't want to have to cut them you may want to look for smaller sized labels for the Paypal shipping.
0,This was a fantastic buy & addition to my classroom.  I use the pad daily for great anchor charts. They will stick most anywhere & last a long time.  I have never had one fall.  They do not come down til I am ready.
0,Let me list some of the nice things about this paper cutter. First, it is very light. It I easy to move around. Second, it is a nice size. It can cut things pretty large. Third, the mechanisms that lock the paper in place are great. What you are cutting will stay put.		Now for why I didn't give it five stars. It doesn't always cut cleanly. I had to move th blade back and forth to get it to cut. Yet, it is a nice price and a good paper cutter to choose.
0,Highlights very thin and love the multi-colors!
0,I installed this within just a few minutes. The software was quick and the WiFi was easy to connect to. I connected via wire to one PC and WiFi to another and both were up and running in about 10 minutes.		I've been using it now for almost a month for a small business and have found that it holds up on ink usage much better than my old printer (also an Epson). I'm not even a third of the way through the ink carts while I would have gone through 2-3 blacks by now on the old one. I really like that.		The only thing I'd like is the ability to print in color. If it had a color option while retaining the economic use of black it would be perfect.
0,I'm by no means a shredder expert.  I work in an office, and occasionally shred things, but never have given it much thought beyond the slight annoyance of standing there feeding a few sheets at a time into my previous shredder.  When I began reading about Swingline's Stack and Shred I thought it sounded interesting.  Put the stack of papers in the tray, and let them shred.  I imagined it would be like my scanner does with some sort of auto-feed.  I was impressed.		This machine is excellent at making the process of shredding easier.  It allows you to shred a stack of documents easily and quickly.  For folded up sheets, and awkward sized paper it has the standard opening on top to manually feed it paper.  It shreds through 80 papers in the bin in minutes, and if they are all in decent shape (without creases or folds) it can do it in just a few minutes.		The only bummer is that the holding area at the bottom with all my shredded paper seems to jam up the shredder before it fills.  For those who are looking for a brand new different way of shredding documents this one isn't what you're looking for.  But if you're looking for something that can help speed up the shredding process on some occasions (when the paper isn't folded or creased) then this shredder is great.
0,Great colors
0,Great quality and the color is beautiful. I didn't even realize that the plastic cover has a grid and ruler lines on the edges, which I really like. It covers the scuffed areas of my desk perfectly and I love it!
0,good value
0,Wonderful color, fantastic quality.
0,I teach classes designed to increase human thriving. I wanted to laminate the flyers. The colorful design at the top of the flyer and the graphics in them just POP after they are laminated. I am delighted with the effect it has on the appearance, the ease of use and the durability of the laminated class flyers.		Far better than having the lamination done at a print shop--cost effective, for sure.
0,Works great with my new&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Razer-Naga-Molten-MMO-PC-Gaming-Mouse/dp/B004AM5RAW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Razer Naga Molten MMO PC Gaming Mouse</a>. traveling case is a nice touch. larger than most mouse pads. twice as large. even mat finish except for watermark type logo in the corner. lets the mouse achieve its potential. recommended.
0,Great Great Printer, Fast Crisp easy to set up, a great choice for the price
0,Good for the price, could be more fast!!
0,Ordered several boxes to keep at home to use as school supplies as well as pens around the house. We can never find pens at home, until this order. These pens work well right from the start
0,WORKS AS ADVERTIZED!!	ED
0,THE ARGYLE SWEATER 2018 DAY-TO-DAY CALENDAR		It is July 27 and today I received my 2018 ARGYLE SWEATER daily calendar!  I am so happy!  I will have to tuck it away so I don't take sneak peeks at the upcoming pages!		This calendar, as always, is constructed of nice grade paper and a sturdy plastic holder, which is to be recycled at the end of the year.  It will tuck nicely into any little nook or cranny available where you can keep track of the days with a good laugh or two.		Mr. Hilburn never fails to make me laugh -- his ideas, drawings, thoughts, are so funny and yet so down-to-earth and easy to related to.  When I worked, I cannot tell you how many times I would bring in a page that reminded me of a friend or a work situation.  His characters on each page are so well drawn and detailed.  Some of them make me laugh all day long.  And that's what it is all about.		Not only do you get a laugh-a-day cartoon page each day, but on the back of that page is a nifty item called THE DAILY EXTRA.  These consist of bonuses -- puzzles, jokes, lists, quotes, life tips and trivia.  Each calendar page is in color and bright and eye-catching.  The cartoon is to the left -- on the right there is a white open area where you could easily jot down appointments, birthdays, events, and then below that is the day of the week, the numbered day of the month and the month itself.  Like stated earlier, the cartoons are so well drawn down to the finest detail and SO funny.		If you are looking for the perfect calendar that will make your day, keep you on track regarding the actual day and date, and add some color and laughs to your life, this is the one for you for 2018.		Scott Hilburn never disappoints  ARGYLE SWEATER is the ONLY day-to-day calendar I will purchase!
0,I have several of these with varying numbers of drawers.  It's very handy to be able to see what's inside without having to open the drawers or read an attached label to know.  The casters are also very handy so that one can rapidly move the cart aside to see what's behind it.
0,Easy to use...not sure if they prevented skimming or not...but better safe than sorry!
0,Absolutely perfect for my use:  I thought that putting a couple of magnet-backed mirrors on top of my metal door heading out to the garage would be just the trick to bounce some light at the end of a dark hallway - and these work perfectly.  I also like the fact that they are acrylic and not glass because that lessens the weight and makes it much safer if the door gets slammed for some reason and the mirrors fall off.  Be sure and remove the protective film covering the mirrors to achieve a bright and shiny reflection - I didn't see the film - the tolerances are that tight - so I thought the finish was dull but it's not - it's just quite the challenge to find an edge to remove the film. The description of the item doesn't say it's acrylic and from reading the reviews, that missing information resulted in some disappointed customers - but I couldn't be happier.
0,I buy kraft wrapping paper to give boxes extra protection but also to DIY envelopes. I can make any size and the paper is thick and durable enough.
0,Love these pens!
0,Great product
0,Super smooth writing in great colors for regular writing or color coding projects and the like.  They are wonderful, so I have to keep them locked up from other pen lovers.
0,Well made of good materials.  Adjustable height legs and tilt very helpful.
0,Perfect for taking notes and putting them into 3-ring binder! While regular paper can rip out and I have to buy those reinforcement hole things, this paper stays with no problem
0,I'm an office supplies and colored pen fanatic!  These are excellent, nice fine tip for any writing space - bold and fun and can spice up any meeting  your in - just don't let your co-workers steal em, because they'll find it hard to resist grabbing a fun color to take some notes!
0,get compatible its cheaper but this one worked well
0,Sent to friends school in support of Seuss's bday.
0,Purchased these to go along with the scotoch thermal laminator to be used in place of notebook plastic sleeves,  They are stronger and a better item for her purpose.
0,LOVE IT
0,Great Product! Great Savings!
0,Glad I bought a big box! They seem to be wearing out already, we've been using them for almost 2 months.
0,Nice for kids room.
0,Great product and great service.
0,This was a good buy for common class projects. I am a teacher and I will be using these posters all year. The paper is just like any that you'd buy at CVS or Walgreens. It is not thick poster board (the kind that stands up on its own) but its great for class projects that require drawing and writing.
0,I now have two of these in use, one at work and one at home.  They get compliments at both places (two different pictures, but same design).  The pad is thick and solid and does not curl, which is a common complaint with other, cheaper mouse pads.  The gel wrist rest is comfortable and reduced wrist fatigue if you are on the PC for a long period of time (I am).  It is fairly heavy and has a non-slip surface as well.  I highly recommend it.
0,Works well.
0,Very nice and the perfect combination of blank paper and staves. I was looking for this combination for a long time, and to find it wrapped in such a nice quality binding is just an added plus.
0,I gave this to my 7 year old so I am happy with the fact that it in fact does sharpen pencils, but I am impressed with the fact that it has stood up to what probably amounts to abuse in the pencil sharpener industry.  He doesn't tend to be easy on things.  If you buy one I hope you are as happy withit as I am and thank you for taking the time to read my review.
0,Great little stocking stuffers and hand out gifts for your nurse and CNA friends at the hospital or clinic.
0,These are lovely pen wraps! Was a great value ... 4 separate wraps! Love them for colored pencils, pens, highlighters, etc.
0,I am in love with this little piece of leather. I never thought something so small could be so useful. There are a million uses for this set up. You are only limited by your imagination. Calendar, Sketching, Watercolor, Notepad for when you need to jot something down. I have even used mine as a wallet. I have even seen them used as a bullet journal.		It came perfect and had no weird smell. You can't go wrong with the original journal! There are lots of copycats. The cost is well worth the quality.
0,Great Price - Hard to find elswere
0,Great paper.
0,Consistent Quality and good rpcing!
0,Pink file folders, what else can I say.  I try to do everything pink so these are great
0,Great product loved it will buy again from seller
0,Feeds through printer well. We've been buying their papers for many years, with many different printers. Never a problem
0,Yes this paper is expensive but I decided many years ago that I would only get the very best printing paper for my home printer. I had to use crap paper at work I swore I wouldn't follow suit at home. This is very good paper feeds well, and prints up well and with vibrant colors. I don't do much printing at home so the 750 page ream will last along time. I use it in my HP Photosmart 5520..
0,These pens are excellent.  The writing capsule inside writes smoothly and dark.  The "triangular" pattern is only at the tip, and that shape definitely makes it more comfortable to hold onto and write.  The finish is also a very nice parkerized
0,It's the original deal, true OEM product!  Not one of those "generic" products!
0,Good!
0,For the money, probably one of the best chairs available.  This is my second one and the first one made it about a year before breakdown.  I have had more expensive chairs that did not hold up this well.  It misses some features but what can I expect for less than a hundred bucks.
0,It does what it's supposed to.  Supports my wrist a little bit, no scratchiness (which is why I replaced my last one - some kind of horrible fibers that I couldn't see were sticking up and irritating my wrist), and provides a smooth surface for my mouse.  All good!
0,I hand these out, along with plastic sheet sleeves for the players of my pen and paper RPG sessions. It helps keep the constant erasing from ruining the papers and wasting erasers!
0,GOOD FOR SHREDDER
0,Great marker with a very good price.
0,I ordered this because I had to replace my old printer quickly and I wanted something good and cheap. A few years ago I bought a big Kodak ESP9250 printer that gave me nothing but trouble and went through expensive ink cartridges quickly. So maybe you have to take my review with a grain of salt but this printer from the moment I got it out of the box has worked like a dream. Easy to set up for everything. No wires that need to go out the back except the power cord so once it's plugged in you probably won't have to access the back unless there is a paper jam which I had frequently with the Kodak. The USB and the telephone line connections are all done from the front which makes them easy to dis/connect.
0,i love it. it works better then my old one. a must have for any office.
0,Heavy duty ball point pen.	Not much else you can say about a pen.	Some have written that it is junk.	Perhaps not the same pen???	I have 3 and all are very good.	No pen is indistructable guys and this one is not meant to be.
0,none
0,Great box super big!
0,these are the greatest pens I love them thank you I would surely keep getting refills for them reliable and dependable if you need to do a lot of writing they won't skip ink at all I hope they won't stop selling them .
0,Works great so far. Easy to connect wirelessly. Very convenient
0,Great pens. No blobbing at the tip, like some pens do. Delivers a good, bold line and lasts a long time.
0,It's not super gaudy and fits nicely by my mouse. It's comfortable, and I can throw it at my husband when he irritates me.
0,Wish they were a little 'clearer' than they actually are, but they are good and strong.
0,Sometimes, themed mechanical pencils can be both expensive and of really crappy quality.  These are, obviously, a bit more expensive than normal mechanical pencils, but they are also of similar quality. In this case, the extra cost is worth it since you're also getting the cool theme.  These would be a great back-to-school present for your child :)
0,Same ink as you buy in the store, but delivered to your door.  Worked great.
0,Love it!  Not your standard spiral binding.  Bright colors sets it apart from regular note books.
0,Works fine.
0,I just got this in the mail today, and I am already using it. The lap desk is comfortable and provides enough writing space for two 8.5x11 pages to sit side by side. The clip on the side is useful for holding loose pages. My netbook or ipad fit next to a page, making it ideal for studying.
0,Excellent quality project folder.  Loved the size that provides plenty of room for 8.5X11 sheets, and the top flap is a major plus for helping to secure  the contents.  Altho just purchased, am delighted at the value. The colors and the tabs are a big help to my organizational needs.
0,Very helpful for my 65 year old brain.
0,I do tons of mailing for my homebased business and need lots of labels.  The price and quality is superb.
0,This is the THE PLACE to purchase laser toner from. Excellent in every way: Great product, incredibly competitive price, good packing and fast shipping. Could not ask for more and will reorder in the future.		UPDATE: I continue to purchase this product and of all the items I obtain from Amazon the LINKYO toner cartridges offer one of the best values one can find. The cartridges represent an incredible value when compared to the "official Canon product" and I am amazed at how inexpensive these cartridges are. Do not hesitate to try them.
0,Very clever!  They automatically retract as you insert them in your pocket, by tilting the clip and releasing the point so as to save your shirt pocket.		When ball-point pens first came out (I was in 8th grade, am now 76) I remember my brother bringing home a silvery-ballpoint pen with a permanent cap that pulled down over it or pushed up to use it.	But the makers of this first pen did not have it all figured out.  Even though the pen cap covered the tip, the thing leaked all over the place.  There was a three-inch, a six-inch and a nine-inch size.	So, we now have roller ball pens with a lovely glide to the ink, and a retractable pen.		My husband had been buying them to write checks.  I think they are a very nice design		nancy and john morse
0,Love this! The magnetic strip on the back is super strong and holds up this notebook very well.
0,Great basic first aid kit with plenty of extras
0,Is as advertised
0,AOK.
0,The best document printer in existence. Cheap to use and print, fast, wireless, easy to set up, and by a trusted and reliable brand. My ONLY regret is that I didn't get the scanner version, but I got this one on sale for $60 so I can't complain.
0,These are great for packaging coins into wrappers.  The only thing is you obviously have to sort them yourself - but it's much cheaper than buying an electronic coin sorter (well - a decent electronic coin sorter) & MUCH easier than counting that out on your own.
0,I've purchased a few times fromEZ ink and every has been excellent
0,I bought the pencil sharpner to use on colored pencils. It worked very well. My grandkids love to draw, and I needed something that was easy and quick. But! Only Grandma can use it
0,wide enough to provide wrist (really palm is what you want) support for small keyboard and mouse, heavy enough to stay in place, small enough to not be intrusive, with an excellent texture and relatively firm softness, I can't imagine a better practical version of this.  You will find yourself using this by default without thinking about it to hard or realigning it all the time
0,works for me!
0,Well made and strong they get the job done
0,I'm a little OCD so I love these.  Keeps my husband straight, too!!
0,These are terrific markers and the price was unbelievable. This purchase will last me a long time
0,V GOOD
0,What can I say, it's paper.  It arrived on time.
0,Works well- sound clear and all the features great but is very light which makes using a sticky pad necessary to keep it from sliding off stand when using. What you would expect for the price.
0,Perfect...just as described
0,Does not have much stretchy to it so get right size. Easier to find in draw compared to neutral color
0,Does it's job.
0,You usually can't go wrong buying the manufacturers ink cartridges for your printer, and that's the case here.  No problems at all.
0,I bought these for taking notes in class. The colors are bright and I love being able to use them. The only down fall is they seem to dry up quickly.
0,This is a great set. I have loved using these since I began tattooing. They ha e a bigger set but this works for me.
0,very strong
0,They work fine.
0,I love this product and I use it almost everyday in my classroom!  I'm a little surprised that mine didn't come with a green handle and to be honest, I didn't notice it until I bought a second one.  Now I realize how much safer it is with the handle!  Anyone know where I can get a handle??
0,great
0,A very cool "toy" that works pretty well for an adult who wants to make some simple things without the need for a full-sized 3D printer. It doesn't gett too hot, loads easily, and works a lot more simply than you'd expect (I had a hard time conceptualizing "drawing" in the air, but it makes sense once you actually start working with it.) I also love that it's cordless.		My only complaint is that it uses what seems to be proprietary filament (called "eco-plastic"), only available in certain places and costing more than the standard stuff you can find easily. I can't imagine why they did this except to build the device into the "razors/blades" or "printer/ink" marketing tactic, which most people dislike. It essentially holds you ransom for the WobbleWorks, Inc. "eco-plastic" higher prices, and if the company ever goes under the 3Doodler will become useless because you can't just switch to someone else's filament. Worse, this model wastes a bit of plastic every time you use it, making each pack less of a value. I really wish they hadn't done this. It takes a 5-star "I Love It" device down to a 3-star "It's Okay" rating, and that's kind of a shame considering how nice the 3Doodler Start is.		Bottom Line: A great tool and toy with many improvements over previous and competing models, but severely hobbled by the price and availability of the proprietary plastic. What would have been an indispensable device-- a hit out of the park-- with standard filament becomes a less-used, possibly forgotten toy because you can't justify spending ten bucks for each small pack of refills to make a $2 plastic object.		I like it. I just severely dislike the marketing angle they took with the eco-plastic. Lower the price of it and make sure it's available without having to hunt online, and maybe the 3Doodler Start will redeem itself in the end.		Update: In response to the attention to customer service seen in the comments below, I'm boosting the review up by one more star. Good customer service is appreciated and should be acknowledged. Hopefully, they will be able to secure that lower price and wider market, and with such a good start, they should be encouraged.
0,Pens work very well.  Timely delivered, safely packaged.
0,It's really an appointment book, but I bought it to use as a daily journal.  I used to use a Franklin planner for appointments, reminders and daily journal, but every year that meant a $50 investment for the new year.  Now that I use google calendar for appointments and reminders, I can use this strictly as a journal, and it will work fine.  Hard to beat the price.
0,Bought for my son. He loves to draw so having his pencils in one place was great for traveling. Nicely made!
0,Good: Just the right size and shape.  Surprisingly precise for a plain black pad.  Wrist rest is well-shaped and comfortable; encourages keeping one's wrist correctly centered.  Tacky underside holds it firmly in place on a smooth surface.		Bad: Rest is just a little firm, although I've used it intensively for six hours at a stretch without pain or other problems - firmness may actually be an asset.  Smooth plastic rest may get sweat-slick in a warm office.		These are nit-picks, however; overall I like this pad better than the $35 3M pad/rest it replaced.  Five stars.
0,This gets heavy use in a classroom. Quick to sharpen and low noise and a bit more attractive that the standard pencil sharpener. Very pleased with the purchase!
0,Good products!
0,Love this pens. Great addition for my home set up to do very organized and color coded notes and homework.
0,This wrist pad is the perfect height for a trackpad, but it is so light that I find it out of place many times throughout the day.
0,This printer works great. The only downside is that connecting to the internet is not intuitive (I'll be honest, not big on reading directions). But I figured it out pretty quickly, and it has worked faithfully ever since. Also, pretty light for its size.
0,This ruler is convenient, easy to read, and well made. Very nice item for the price. Would easily recommend this.
0,Works flawless, I put it in the receipt printer and it works... I paid a good price for it at the time but who's to say the price don't get jacked as I notice everyone does after someone buys.  Wait for that good price and buy it.		Despite the negative comments, I never had an issue with the paper smudging or not working all together.  That's someones personal don't know how talk right there.  It works for me and my 12 clients without a phone call about receipt printing so here's your official review
0,Pretty cool.  There are so many ways to use this but I like the nail file best.
0,Bostitch is the best name in staplers. I have used them professionally and personally. I will buy again.
0,The price this stapler is sold at really tends to be what makes this a good or great stapler, for me anyway. At thirty dollars I feel like it's a bit overpriced. It is a nice stapler and it works great, but you can get other nice staplers that work great as well for less than thirty. So it's hard to get past that.		I'm able to staple stacks of papers easily with out any trouble. The staples are easy to load and the stapler work just as well when holding it to staple papers as when you have it sitting on a table/desk and you staple them. Right now the black/grey model of this stapler is on sale for around twenty one dollars. That's the color/model that I own and I'd say that is a better price for what you get. When it's priced around thirty bucks, you can probably find something very similar for a better price.
0,They seem like good construction. They were too late for our Easter Baskets, so will use at another time for gifts.
0,This pen has a body made in Taiwan, but a German nib.  It is a beautiful pen, well weighted and easy to use.	The nib is smooth as butter.
0,what can you say? it's paper.
0,Finally something that actually makes it easy to read my collection of "Murder She Wrote", etc. paperbacks,  My hands are a bit deformed from arthritis so not having to hold the book makes my reading more pleasurable. This small book stand is not for larger paperbacks.  I have other book stands for larger paperbacks and heavier books.
0,What can I say?  They're paper clips.  One company probably makes them all and markets them under various brands.  The quantity and price are fine.
0,Panasonic is ALWAYS the best!
0,Haven't had a chance to use these yet, will start in 2016. Each one has a number (1-12) on the front, and there are stickers you can add with numbers and month abbreviations. As you can see, each one is a different color. Note the size. For some reason I thought these were larger. These are actually more convenient for people who do not use a handbag, easier to carry in a pocket. I was pleasantly surprised to find all the reference pages in each one, including one page with inches and centimeters. In the front you have monthly calendar pages for the entire year, as well as time zones, money references, etc. After those you come to the one page a day to use as you see fit. I liked the suggestion one person made, that she carries these with her everywhere and whatever is noteworthy or significant, something she wants to remember, is either written or sketched on that day's page. I already have a Day Timer for professional use, but this will fill in the gaps for my every day life.
0,No issues with this product.
0,Awesome! Thank you!
0,Lamp has been put into my TV and seems to be working well and I believe it will be fine.
0,Nice size--compact so you are not hauling around a huge tube for smaller stuff. Good value too.
0,wonderful phone.
0,Seems like a decent phone.
0,These are so clever! Maybe I've been living under a rock but what a great idea to put side wings to hold the papers from slipping out of the top! I also like that it can act as a divider of sorts. So some papers could be stored securely while those that you access more often could sit in front of that wing.	I will say I can see the design being a little bothersome for my younger elementary daughter. You have to use some care and thought to slide the papers behind that wing. If kids can get the hang of it, it'll save papers from slipping out when folders are put in backpacks upside down or lifted out.	The colors are very vibrant with fun, distinct patterns. There are 2 each of 3 color schemes which could be very handy for organizing subjects. I appreciate the binder holes too. A simple but useful addition.
0,Looks as good as the photo.  It is nice and sturdy and holds a good amount of pens / pencils plus a pair of scissors without any trouble.  Did I mention it looks great?!
0,I previously had a Kodak printer and was not satisfied with the color.  Before the Kodak I had a Canon but did not like the cost and inconvenience of having to get 5 cartridges for it or having to replace just one when the color ran out.  This one has only 2 cartridges (1 tri color and 1 black) and is so much easier to take care of.  I also like the top document feeder.  I can always see how much paper I have and the color is true to what is showing on my screen.  With he Kodak I had, the blue would always come out a different shade of blue than what showed on the screen and the Canon is quieter.  I can't use the fax feature because I no longer have a land line, but it is a plus for those who do.  All in all, a very good printer.
0,Does a good job but as someone said it is a bit noisy but it doesn't bother me.
0,For most online sellers, tape dispensers make packaging and shipping so much easier.  This Scotch H-122 Tape Dispenser was exactly what I needed.		Likes:	*Simple, straightforward design and usage.	*Fits most 1 7/8" or 2" wide packaging tapes with 3" diameter hollow cores.	*Just lift up the top flap/hand "brake" and snap in the roll of tape with adhesive side down and it's ready to roll!	*Smooth dispensing action allow neat, no bubbles tape application and cutting.	*Sharp and robust serrated cutting blade cuts through thicker packaging tapes with ease.	*Large capacity with the lift up flap.  Fits the 56.4 Yard long rolls of tape with no problem.	*Tape guide also holds the edge of the unused tape so user doesn't have to fiddle to find the edge next time.		Concerns:	*Lower priced alternatives available such as&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Scotch-Heavy-Duty-Shipping-Packaging-Tape-2-Inch-x-800-Inch-Clear/dp/B003W0P2SA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Scotch Heavy Duty Shipping Packaging Tape, 2 Inch x 800 Inch, Clear</a>&nbsp;available for occasional, smaller taping jobs.	*Be careful when grabbing the dispenser; the cutting blade is exposed and very sharp!		Overall:	This Scotch H-122 dispenser is simple and works well for most higher capacity, more extensive packaging tape dispensing tasks.
0,I believe that a professionally bound report or presentation makes such a great impression that I have used a manual comb binder for years.  I jumped at the chance to use an electric one.		I have owned and/or used four different types of binders: A comb binder, a spiral binder, a wire binder and a strip binder (also called a VeloBinder).  The strip binder is best for those applications where the integrity of the report is most important, that is, you want the binding to be permanent so no one can take it apart and add to or delete from the bound product.  Other than that very narrow exception, I find the comb binder really the most versatile product.		Here are some things that I love about a comb binder.  It is very easy to use. You can teach a beginner how to use the product in less than 10 minutes.  As long as you do not try to exceed the sheet capacity -either cutting or binding, it works great. The finished product looks very professional.  The sheets will lie flat in a copy machine.  This is a very low cost product.  The other binding options start around $1,000 and go up from there.		This machine has an adjustable sheet guide so it will take standard 8 1/2 paper or the European A4 paper.  It also has a storage bin for the plastic combs.  The combs come in different sizes depending on the number of pages to be bound.  There is a size guide on the storage compartment tray.		My manual binder would only punch about 10 pages at a time.  This machine is rated for 20 sheets at a time and since it is electric, it does not require any effort to punch.		This binder is well designed and the lid closes when not in use so it looks very neat on the desk.		Please understand that this is designed for light duty.  This is not a machine that is designed for exceptionally heavy duty.  If your binding requirements are light, I think you will find this is an exceptionally good fit.
0,Its big i size but works nicely and has a soft buzzing noise which is okay for kids.
0,Love this!
0,Good as described
0,Nice, cheap pen for someone trying their hand out at some calligraphy. My first calligraphy pen and it was easy to assemble and write with.
0,With 492 + reviews before me, I'm certain that I can't offer any exciting information that hasn't already been given--except to add my opinion! The pen arrived today, and I felt like it was a quality product right out of the box. This is my first Pilot fountain pen. I love the vibrant color: Turquoise/Dots!  The pen has its own black, plastic storage case, which looks sleek and modern. It came with an instruction manual (thank goodness!) and an ink cartridge. The converter (which seems to be a small, black, rubber bladder) was already installed, and I was pleased about that because I wanted to try my Namiki ink immediately. I craved the true fountain pen experience! The process of drawing ink was so easy--much cleaner and quicker than I anticipated. Writing is a dream with its fine, elegant nib.  It makes me want to improve my handwriting! :) If you are looking for a quality gift, especially for a student or a graduate, this pen would be a fantastic choice. I'm planning on purchasing another one to keep at my office.
0,It works well so its 5 stars.		But It's bloody ridiculous that this costs more that the machine it was meant for! (Bought back in 2016 when this was more relevant and this costed $11)
0,II have used these pens  for more other than 15 years and they're still the best pens I can find.  I especially liked the fine point.  They're simple to use, very reliable, easy to write with, and just a plain good pen.  In addition to it being a very good pen,  they are VERY inexpensive, so I don't shed any tears of the happen to lose one.  Real Good stuff !		However; If image is all that counts to you, go get a different  pen.
0,Average binder; but is very good deal for the money and is a During just as I needed.
0,Good
0,This binder currently has my life in it! 49 chapters of nursing notes, plus power points, plus projects, returned assignments, pages of mindless doodling, dividers, pages and pages of blank notebook paper and a few other random handouts has been crammed in this binder and has been dragged from here to kingdom come! Its durable, darn near indestructible [fell off the roof of my car and landed closed, thank goodness, with barely a scratch on it!]. Would definitely recommend this to anyone with a heavy course-load in need of a heavy duty binder!
0,These refills are hard to find in the stores where I live. This is a great price. I like the fine point because I can write tiny and still see what I wrote. The ink glides smoothly, not like some other ballpoint inks.
0,they are good
0,Neat and petite.
0,CAME ON TIME PACKAGE WELL AND CAME ON TIME!! FIT PRINTER AND PRINTED AWAY WITH IT YES I WILL ORDER AGAIN!!
0,Haven't used them yet, only the address labels.  Works well with the DYMO label printer/writer
0,Great Buy....I have purchased this set on several occasions...both for myself & to give as gifts.
0,Blood red... bottle is filled to the brim so be very careful opening it up!
0,I think this is the Prera fountain pen made by Pilot. A small but wonderful writer!
0,I would in no way call this a fine point pen, but that's okay, it was exactly what I had hoped it was! Although the paint is not quick-drying, this is a fantastic white-out pen.
0,I love these.  They make nice sharp point and are easy to store.  It's nice to have something available to let the pieces from the sharpener fall into so you don't make a mess.  There is also a KUM 2-hole sharpener surrounded with a plastic waste holder.
0,Love this calendar
0,Very good
0,This is a really generous assortment of pens, even though there are lots of repeats. The pens come in three main types, and are coded so you can find the ones you want from seeing the color-coded part of the cap:	* Gel pens have clear tops with glitter embedded in them (and also in the grip and pen chamber)	* Metallic pens have a metallic tone to the colored area of the cap (this metallic tone is also on the grip)	* Plain pens have opaque tops with plain colors		The pens don't come set in the case; I placed them in chromatically, darker shades near the top, lighter at the bottom, with each color on all four levels. It's a lot easier to find the colors you want this way--although, it's a lot of work to sort them initially!		I have had many types of gel pens, and plenty of them clog or are a leaky mess. I really like these. They write smoothly. The glitter ones are a nice thicker texture and are my favorite, even though the "glitter" smears. The colors are rich.		The stand is like a "Lazy Susan" and works well, though mine is a bit wobbly. There's a screw in the top center that you can tighten or loosen if needed, to change how easily it swivels. I have two 100-pen TekWriterUSA sets, and like this stand better than their pop-up case. It's easier to see the slots that the pens go into, and put them back after using them, especially if you put the pens in the case chromatically.
0,Best. pencils. ever.
0,I haven't had a lot of experience with laminators and thought it would be tedious or tricky to operate one, but the Jupiter2 Laminator couldn't have been easier to use. It was ready to go right out of the box - just plug it in and turn it on. It heats up in under a minute and is easy enough for a novice to use.		The laminating process is automated. There were no settings to adjust. Just place the document in the laminating pouch - a package of a dozen 3 mil pouches are included - and slide the pouch into the laminator through a slot on the front. It auto-detected the thickness of the pouch and applied the right amount of heat.		I quickly discovered that the trick to producing a smooth document with no bubbles was to use the correct size pouch. In an early attempt, I tried to put several bookmarks in one pouch and couldn't keep them from moving around. When I would try to feed them into the slot, one or the other would slide. By cutting the pouch in half, I was able to laminate them separately and hold the pouch steady as it slid into the laminator. There is no feed tray or guide, but with a little practice, it works flawlessly.		I was expecting the machine to be very hot and noisy, and it was neither. The pouch slid through the rollers and within about 30 seconds it emerged, warm but not hot. It only took a few minutes to cool down. I trimmed the edges with a paper cutter to remove excess plastic to get just the right size.		This is a high quality, robust machine with a sleek, professional look, and is suitable for business, schools or high volume home use. One thing to be aware of is that this unit is larger and heavier than it appears in the picture. And while it can be moved around, its not what I would call portable. Occasional home users might want to go with a smaller, less powerful and less expensive a machine. But for those that do a lot of laminating, or want a higher quality unit, this is an excellent choice.
0,The great thing about this scanner is its kickstand. When I first went about scanning with my other scanner it would end up being precariously tilted on my printer, making for some awkward reaches. This one takes up much less desk space.		I don't have a convenient CD drive, so I found the Mac driver on Epson's site. Installation was easy after that.  Even though I had this plugged into a USB 3 port, I would not call this speedy, it's not horrible but would be frustrating if I were in a hurry.		My other Epson scannerthe Perfection 370has a negative/slide option albeit a clumsy one. So those needing to scan negatives, could try that instead.		Image quality is fairly good. Some of my old prints turned out great. Others not so much. In particular, it seemed like the "backlight correction" always made the image worse, so turn it off.		I'm just happy to have finally scanned my photos from 1988.
0,Great product!  Works as expected.
0,I very much appreciate this product and that is why I continue to reorder.
0,MY HUSBAND LOVES THESE THEY STAY IN PLACE IN OUR 30 GALLON TRASH CANS OUTSIDE AND I USE THEM INSIDE SO NO MORE TRASH BAGS FALLING INTO THE CAN
0,Perfect way to say thanks to customers with my packages... I'm putting them on either the packing slip, the envelope, or my ziplock of customer appreciation gift. Big roll, will last a while.
0,I bought it for my wife, she really loves it. It releases her pain in working on computers for such a long time.
0,to summarize this printer/scanner is very simple to setup, makes great quality prints and works reliably in a home environment. I have been purchasing inkjet printers for home use for perhaps 15 years and note that they continue to improve with every generation. My specific criteria for evaluating this device are as follows:		Wireless/wired connectivity: Printing from Windows laptops, iPhones, iPads and my desktop computer are essentially effortless. The configuration requires neither an advanced degrees in computer science nor working knowledge of Latin.		Print quality: VERY good quality, rivaling machines that just a few years ago were over a thousand dollars.		Scanning: This is not a business scanner. It is intended for scanning single page documents, pictures, etc. In that capacity it works very well.		Footprint and appearance: It's reasonably sized - there is only so small you can make a printer that will print 8.5" x 11". It's not as ugly as older models but I won't be keeping it in my living room.		Noise: Fairly quiet - certainly less quiet than any laser printer out there and most inkjet printers		Consumables: It seems about average for an inkjet, which means that per sheet it will cost you more than you are led to expect by the marketing material. That is the inherent drawback of all inkjet printers so I don't penalize this device for the cost of ink.		I will update this early review if i notice any significant problems or advantages in the future.
0,Good value! Most of the gold lines were not well folded so it was hard to see, and so folding wasn't SUPER easy but definitely a good value for the cost. I would buy again :)
0,Pretty good, but not amazing.
0,Well, what can you really say about glue? Besides the fact that Avery has always been awesome. I absolutely love these glue sticks, they never fail. I have used these glue sticks (and Elmer's) since I was a little girl and I've never had a problem. I bought some "cheap" glue sticks before thinking, glue is glue but, you really apppreciate how well these glue sticks function when you've used a glue stick that doesn't stick and falls apart. Avery Glue Sticks last for quite some time and don't dry out quickly. I'll buy these anytime I need them. Excellent buy.
0,Since receiving this binder, it has been put to some heavy-duty use, and so far it has held up well, with no signs of any damage. And there is the one-year guarantee in case it doesn't. The price of $5.99 certainly seems reasonable.		Some reviewers have pointed out that the rings are hard to open, and that is true. But I think this is a good feature, especially for school children that often handle their notebooks roughly--more security against losing papers held inside by those rings.	The pockets inside each cover are handy, and many school children like to decorate their notebooks, so being able to slip sheets and sticker materials beneath the clear-plastic covers (front and back an spine) is a nice feature.		Recommended. Hard to see how you would go wrong for the slight added cost over a cheaper notebook.
0,Good price, fast shipping
0,NEEDED FOR FUTURE USE.
0,I guess the fault is mine and I didn't read the dimensions on these poster boards, because I was not expecting something so large.  Nevertheless, they are excellent quality and I use them for group collages with several people working on the collage, so instead of having the smaller boards that I was looking for, I do have this use for them and they are not going to waste.  The only reason I did not give it 5 stars was because I don't think the measurements and dimensions of the product were readily visible in viewing them on the computer.  This could be easily fixed by the seller.  Otherwise, I really like this product and am happy with it, though put to a different use than I expected.
0,Excellent product. Great quality.
0,It's so pretty and writes well. I bought another one with a pink lead. haha
0,Very cool. Never heard of these before but I got them and they work great.
0,Product meets expectation.
0,I buy one of these every year. Great way to keep up with the entire year at one glance and write in birthdates and whatever else you need to remember at the beginning of the year.
0,Worked great for Brother MFC-J4620DW with no problems recognizing cartridges.  Have had an occasional problem with having to reinsert the cartridges after a period of printing but I think that is due to the printer moving and not the actual cartridges. Quality ink at low price. I will continue to buy.
0,I have an incurable condition in both lower legs that causes them, without treatment, to become swollen from lymph pooling in my lower extremities. When I broke my shoulder 3/28 I have since not been able to treat them so my feet got too big to fit in my sandals with straps that fasten with Velcro. So I ordered a roll of strapping tape with a narrow-enough width to fit through the holes. The 3M I chose fit the bill perfectly and I am happy I can now use the tape and not worry about my sandal straps coming loose.
0,Works well and does its job!
0,Great price, just what we needed.
0,Minimal bleed through.	They don't last that lunch.	I don't like the tip because its "scratchy".
0,If you've never used one of these before...don't throw away the instruction booklet. This is a precision piece of equipment that I use to earn my living. It works great.
0,Good buy
0,As a "business professional" (private college student), I get the extreme pleasure of always identifying myself everyday and everywhere I go, either on my best or on my pants, to make sure I'm not a security breach. I would say it's super fun to wave an ID repeatedly in front of a scanner that's faulty every other week, but I'm afraid I'd be lying.	Anyway, the school ID came with the classic terrible picture blown up way too large, and it came in only a very thin plastic sleeve. Well, call me a dumbo, but I would store that puppy in my car because it was mandatory for me to bring to school every time I went, so it made the most sense to just leave it there! Well, wouldn't you believe it, but the plastic started to stick to ID badge itself. That just wouldn't do.	So! My solution- I needed a new ID card holder. And what better way than to look sleek and fancy with this black leather?? Honestly, not only is my ID secure in the pocket, but it can come out easily too. The leather doesn't get too hot, but I'm not going to leave it in direct sunlight for hours in a sauna of a car (because I learned my lesson). I've even gotten a couple of compliments on it!	If you are also a "business professional/fancy scan badge student", I would highly suggest getting this card holder- it's definitely worth spending a few bucks to have something that looks so nice and I don't have to worry about melding to my ID. The one thing I would suggest is either changing the lanyard or putting it on an ID real (which I have to do so I can put it on my uniform). It will probably hold up, but it's not a thick lanyard and it's really silky, so I'm not sure how strong it is.	Overall, I am extremely satisfied with this ID holder. I did receive this product at a discounted price in exchange for an honest review about the product, and it was a pleasure to do so!
0,I needed this for my Mother to use while doing craft work. It works exactly as I needed it to.  She's thrilled with it.
0,nice
0,The clinic really likes this style of bulletin board.
0,Does the job it is supposed to do.
0,These door stops are great looking and the quality is amazing.  They look much better than the usual door stop...very rich.
0,Looks exactly as I expected and very easy to install... very pleased with my purchase!
0,Fine enough for my small handwriting on a calendar. Erases cleanly. Four stars instead of five because the black marker doesn't work as well as the others.
0,Nice pen. Gave it to my wife. She loves it.
0,worked great.
0,I am only 5' 2" and travel quite a bit. My feet never reach the floor on the plane. As a result I developed very bad sciatica. This footrest is small and easy to pack. Helped considerably by keeping my feet elevated if only a little.
0,Perfect for my blackboard!  Goes on nice and easy with no dripping, isn't thick in writing and you can actually read it!  And it cleans up nice as well.  I have purchased a few different kinds before this one and will stick with what actually works!  Thank you Sanford!
0,I like these good pens!	They are really smooth, nice color, fast delivery. It is first time l tried this name. Of course, l will buy again!
0,good quality pouches.
0,love brother ink.. never will look back
0,Have used this for years. It's great. Accurate!
0,Skim over the instructions, plug it in, give it a minute to warm up, laminate.  Could not be easier. Love it.
0,I love the colors!  Can always go to Sharpie for this type of thing!
0,Awesome love it love mostly its wireless
0,If you want something instant and larger than the standard label makers this is a good option. You can get a large print that is instantly laminated and be attached to any surface. The laminate is applied by first printing out your design on the paper area of the sheet and folding the laminate over, once folded, you can peal off the backing to attach. It does work, but its a bit pricey. You have to download the template on Avery.com website, which is a template for Microsoft Word that just gives you the outline of where to print your design, no special design is included.
0,This is very good ink and it lasts a long time.  It is good if you do a lot of printing in black and white.
0,Great basic paper. I have no complaints. The paper is just like the other copy paper I normally buy. It works well with my printer. I've had no jams or any other issues with it. I've used it for copying and printing. The paper also works well for drawing or writing on. The box comes with 5 individual packs of paper in it.
0,As expected.
0,Looks clean :)
0,ordered the paper when I need them to download photos on them
0,Perfect for my Linear Algebra class which had restrictions on what calculators we can have.
0,Great product for the price.
0,Good paper I ready like it if my new printers and printhead worked
0,My children enjoy using these pencils when drawing.  I think they have smooth leads when we have used them on drawing paper.
0,VERY NICE THICKNESS AND BRIGHT WHITE
0,Just what I needed for my desk, I usually get mine at Staples, same price, but I don't have to drive 23 miles to get one. I love it. I put it on my computer desk, large spaces to write in information. will order again next year
0,This is the first of many orders of paper that I have ordered through Amazon that actually arrived in good condition! This is an excellent paper for ink jet use, dries fast and I get zero jams in my Epson printer. Colors print bright and sharp, LOVE the silky smooth finish!
0,Product as promised. It shipped really fast.
0,LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the great markers that have the ability to blend and create such amazing colors together!!  I was totally amazed when I saw these pens in action!!!!  I can't wait to use them even further for our projects which we have in mind to do.  I just wish we had another set as we embark on our adventure of writing and drawing for our children's book!  Can't wait to blog about these in my upcoming blog as well!
0,Excellent! Great value.
0,They are ok. Our daughter uses them for school.
0,Great!
0,So I don't know about you but when I draw I then like to ink over it. So this eraser is awesome for removing your pencil marks after the fact. Also great for taking out lines while you're still working because it has that triangle shape with three handy points (that you wear down after use obviously) so you don't need two erasers just the one.
0,Met specs
0,Good!
0,Very nice stock. Works well with laser printer.
0,This tape sticks to everything it touches.  I bought this for attaching a Vyco cover to a drawing board (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Alvin-Board-Cover-Sheet-18-34-x-24-34-Gray-White-VBC77-1/dp/B004BNCJMY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Alvin Board Cover Sheet, 18" x 24", Gray/White (VBC77-1)</a>).  After cleaning and drying the surfaces of both the board and the cover first, I laid down the tape on the board with the protective paper tape still attached, aligned the cover, peeled off the paper and pressed down securely starting in the middle and working out to the edges. It stuck well enough that I could pull hard on the cover before attaching the other end. The Vyco was wrinkled and I'm hoping that putting some stretch on it will help it lie flat.		I'm impressed by how thin the tape is once the paper strip is removed. The board cover is very sensitive to any irregularities in the surface underneath it. The tape does not have enough thickness to cause a bump under the edge.
0,Sleek... Smaller and less clunky. Works perfectly
0,These are larger than typical size stickies so they don't fit in my pop up dispenser. They are lined but I use them all the time.
0,In my printer at a good price and works perfectly.  Since it is made by my printer manufacturer what is not to like?
0,These are wonderful.  The colors are rich and vibrant and go onto the paper very smoothly.  Even a very light pressure yields beautiful color and it is very easy to layer it until it is deep and smooth.
0,i bought two of these to keep in my car to hold all my extra change.  love it and would buy again
0,It fit in perfectly
0,I confess to being an organized person, yet try as I might, I prefer paper lists and divided binders to anything on my smartphone or Kindle Fire. This Mead Organizher Shopping Companion is perfect. Perfect in size to fit in your purse easily. Perfect in what it accomplishes -- a place for your shopping lists, a place for your coupons, a place for your loyalty cards. It's easy to use even at the grocery store. And it looks so much better than lugging around a big ol' 3 ring binder to accomplish much of the same thing!		I rated it 4 stars instead of 5 as I'd like to see MORE pages for coupons, shopping lists, etc. As it is, it will be just a few months before you'll be buying additional pages.
0,These bags are great after shredding your private documents.  I never had any bags to use & these are really handy.
0,Great Product!  Arrived exactly as expected, high quality.
0,ok
0,who can argue with the quality of HP ink.  Sticking with the brand name product costs less in the long run than worrying about generics do or don't
0,Wonderful product. It's all that I expected. I have no issues. I would buy again.
0,a
0,Use this to hold my book at the kitchen table.  Adjustable so I can get the best lighting for reading as I eat.  Sturdy, good looking and works great.
0,instructions hard to use
0,Works like new
0,Excellent colors. Purple died very fast - not sure why. All the other markers lasted 3x-4x as long. Perhaps someone left a cap off while I was not looking.
0,Will buy again.
0,OK...for DCP 7040. Take out the plastic plug. Refill. Do I have to tell you to be careful not to spill? Then take off the gear panel side and reset the gears. Buying  a new cartridge makes no sense when you can fill up the old one and reset.
0,Got this today and started using it right away. So far it seems to write smoother, darker and I haven't broken a piece off yet.	I'm using it in a PaperMate PHD mechanical, so far so good, would recommend.
0,Works perfectly with my HP 25vx monitor. No issues at all. Will buy again.
0,Use for my shipping needs. Accurate and save me a lot in postage since I know the exact weight. Recommend!
0,GREAT BUY.
0,A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+
0,No problems.
0,Nice document holder for my desk. Exactly as pictured.
0,Bought four and for the money, I was happy to find that they are decent, solidly built, and likely somewhat durable clipboards.  I have dropped one at least five times from a couple of feet onto hard surfaces-  no cracks, chips, or failure of any kind.	Two specific comments:	1. Spring tension on the clip is great-  holds papers well.  However, the little rubber corners that add extra grip are already falling off of at least one board.	2. The built-in "retractable" hanger on the top, although perhaps useful for its application, is annoying otherwise, snagging and rattling constantly.
0,I purchased this to be used in my craft room to store my cardstock. This seats by my desk and I could organize my cardstock easily with hanging folders. It was simple to assemble and I like the fact it is mobile. the bottom shelf is handy to store tools. I would definitely purchase again
0,Great help in keeping documents organized for meetings.		I'm glad I tried this product, I often having meetings with varies proposals that need a signature or review.  I've been using this to write key points I want to review and to tab signature pages.  I have used the smaller "sign here" tabs that also work in some cases. I really like this so I can mark key notes.		The sticky note it a nice thick sturdy paper, the glue that keeps the note on your docs sticks to the paper well BUT does not rip your papers at all.  You can easily pull the tab off when your done and you don't have to worry about damaging the paper or file this is stuck to.		I also like that there is a decent amount of room to write notes.		I like anything that makes my life easier!
0,Loved the designs!
0,Bought these binders for my grown children for a Christmas present to use for many years.  These binders appear to be quite durable  and just what I wanted.  Good price.
0,My 3rd grade daughter is in love with these cute pencils! I used to hear her lead constantly snap when she used  0.7mm pencils. Shes working on her handwriting and writes pretty hard and deliberately. Shed found one random mechanical pencil somewhere with larger lead and said it was her favorite pencil. It took me awhile to realize it was her favorite because the lead didn't break nearly as much as with other mechanical pencils. Right after that I went to trusty Amazon to find some thick leaded pencils. These are perfect!		 After a month of use we haven't had the lead snap a single time, whereas before her pencils were snapping multiple times per homework session. I plan on keeping plenty of these stocked around the house and in desks. She has also commented on how she likes the triangular shape much better than a round pencil, its easier to hold for her little hand. Ive looked on here a few times and the price seems to fluctuate a bit. Right now they are about $1.50 cheaper than when I bought them, but they are still worth what I paid. The eraser isn't the best, but she uses a big pink eraser when doing homework anyway, those seem to work best. Im putting up a picture comparing this lead to the 0.7mm lead.
0,Really good quality. made a vacuum chamber with mine.	Do not use this review as an endorsement for it's structural integrity. I take certain unscientific risks
0,Great addition to my high school classroom.
0,Love this pack of pens--handy for every use. Same quality you've come to rely on!
0,Works very well for my needs, sturdy.
0,This calculator is exactly what I needed for my class!
0,Well made.
0,Great with the year calendar at the bottom.
0,Good quality and all the features a home office needs.  I have had not issues with this in the last year.  Well made. nice looking, easy to use and well labeled buttons.  Screen gives just enough help to help those less experienced.  I highly recommend.
0,Great Product...
0,Terrific pen, very light, wonderful nib. I have a lot of fountain pens, Pilot consistently makes the best cheap nibs of any company. I own 2-3 of these, bought them for gifts.  I don't think there's a lighter fountain pen than the Prera, it makes long writing sessions an effortless  joy.		Here's something every Prera owner should know: The cap is slippery, not when it's closed, but when it's on the back while you're using it. I've dropped my Preras a few times, of course--they always land on the point. What I noticed this last time is that it slipped out of the cap. I sometimes walk around making notes, this is when it's at risk of dropping. If you use your Prera while your standing, put a piece of transparent tape, anything to increase the friction against the cap. (And if it does fall, it's not hard to straighten out the nib, with a good magnifier and pliers, looks awful but it'll work. A better solution is to buy a "Pilot Fountain Pen with Ergo Grip" for about $8. It's the same nib as the Prera. Just swap them out. These cheaper pens are also great to use, but for whatever reason they seem more likely to leak, body crack over time, so I don't trust them in my pocket.)
0,This magnetic dry-erase board is a perfect size for putting in a closet to keep track of pantry inventory or make notes of what we need. It cleans up easily. The included dry-erase marker with eraser cap works nicely. It comes with both magnetic hanging pieces as well as self-stick tape. It also comes with two magnets to hang little notes on the board.
0,They work well!
0,Great Sharp and sweet Cuts are great to open envelopes Awesome
0,The lead on these pencils is harder than I anticipated from the description, but they perform beautifully. Blending and shading is easily controlled. Nice, smooth color without much pressure needed and no skipping from paper texture. My daughter borrowed these for a manga project she was working on with her friends and won't given them back. Will definitely get more colors. I have not used Tombow products before, I like these better than the Faber-Castell I usually buy.
0,I like the phone OK, but the volume is not great, especially with people who call from their cell phones.
0,They work.
0,just as it should work
0,An excellent pencil.  Good balance, and the .07 lead is good for the kind of drawing and sketching I do.  Highly recommended.
0,VERY GOOD
0,Great labels, work well with out printers (and that usually NEVER happens).
0,I love having these little books on hand in case I get an idea in my head that needs to be written down.
0,good purchase will buy again
0,Great for marking...uhhh...things........yeaaaahhhhhhh.....
0,I purchased 8 of these for my company to give to all of our sales reps and office admins.  Before, they had to feed labels into printers, and I swear I lost a fortune in labor for each label.  After researching all of the alternatives and models, I bought them through amazon, and got the 400.  It prints so quickly, I can't even imagine the need for the turbo.  It took about 5 minutes to set up, has a small footprint and is stylish, and is amazingly easy to operate... from a word document (think a letter to somebody), just highlight the address, and click on the little mini dymo icon right next to your printer icon.  The software opens with the label in case you want to modify or put an automatic barcode, and you click print, and 3 seconds later or less, you tear off your label and put it on the envelope.  That simple.		I only wish I had bought these for our office years ago.  I think it's going to pay for itself in about 3-6 months.
0,Yeah you definitely have to get these if you love Dr. Seuss! I'm using these as birthday crowns in my classroom and they are too super cute.  They are awesome because they are gender natural and fit my Dr. Seuss themed classroom perfectly!
0,first of all, the width and hight allow for reasonable leg movement  when set onto the bed, contrary to the narrower and lower trays on the market. Secondly, the item is well finished and esthetically pleasing as well as fully funktional. ,The extra width on both sides of the tilt up proves as welcomed space for the purpose on decides on as does the little drawer.........(keeping my toothpick handy). Drawer and center portion are indeed held in place by a magnet. For my purpose used, the item fits the bill to a T. Therefore, I do recommend this flexible multipurpose bed-tray.
0,This product is not at all a necessity, but I absolutely LOVE how it helps me organize my thoughts when facing challenge decisions. I tend to way overthink things and have taken to making my own decision tables, but I love that this pad does it for me, and all I have to do is fill in the blanks! I can also offer it to others to read over and keep my mind in check ;) Furthermore, the witty little remarks throughout the page lighten the mood when critically analyzing the life out of your situation.
0,not the fanciest, but works well and it's a great price
0,Solid, doesn't seem to overheat like my old shredder did, good size bin. The plastic flap covering the top is a bit silly but that's a minor thing. Overall a good value.
0,This is the pens my granddaughter uses in class.  This had a nice selection of all the various tips for different line drawings.  This is the brand recommended by her instructor.
0,Excellent price, speedy delivery and nice bright highlighters. Compared with brick and mortar prices and this was the best. Thanks Amazon.
0,Is sitting in the Office to be used, since current one is still going good.	Surprised to see this Cartridge from H.P. made in Japan.	Most of them are from Ireland,Singapore.
0,I've ordered this paper before and I love the quality of it.  I use it for my adult coloring pages and anything else that I need to print.
0,thank you
0,The pocket in the front came with a slit in it. Other than that, it is great.
0,Not quite the brilliance and definition from the InkJet photo printer, but perfectly fine for most uses.  Appreciate the speed and the fact that the "ink" is dry when it comes out of the laser printer.
0,Very happy with purchase.
0,Great product - easy fast transaction
0,I love it. I don't have any problem.
0,This is a great deal.  The same quality as the Brother brand, but at a fraction of the cost.  As an added bonus, the instructions they emailed me for getting more life out of my old cartridge really worked, giving me several weeks more life.  I will definitely be a repeat customer.
0,Seems to work just fine.
0,Absolutely love these.
0,Works well
0,What can one say about colored pipe cleaners.  These are great for what I purchased them for . . . attaching them to CD/DVD binders to  indicate the nature of the contents of the binders.
0,I never used a laminator before & was surprised how easy it was. The Scotch Pro Laminator TL906 will only work with items up to 9" wide. It is designed to use with pouches ranging in size from 3 mils up to 5 mils thick. Anything thinner or thicker might cause the laminator to jam.  Different sizes of pouches can be purchased so you won't waste a large pouch on a small item. The TL906 only comes with 2 8.9" x 11.4" pouches. So you might want to plan ahead & order extra pouches when/if you purchase the TL906.		I laminated two personal ID cards, a 30 year old newspaper photo, and a couple cartoon strips all in one of the sample pouches. I left enough room between each item so I could cut them out leaving a 1/8" border around the entire item.		I thought that laminators could be used for things like pressed flowers, but the instructions for this one say the laminator is designed to be used  with thermal laminating pouches...and items to be laminated must be flat paper-like items or paper. You can not laminate currency, Social Security cards (this is a government suggestion, I think), thermal papers, stamps, credit cards, cards with a magnetic strip, sharp objects, or unheatable plastic and you should not laminate one of a kind items or historically significant papers & etc.		This laminator is easy to use.	~ Turn it on.	~Choose 3 mil or 5 mil heat setting according to the  item/s you'll be laminating. Printer paper will require the 3 mil setting, while photos, business cards and other thick items will use the 5 mil setting.	~It will take approx. 5 minutes to heat.	~Have your item/s arranged in the pouch leaving at least 1/8" borders around each item.	~Insert the sealed end of the pouch  first, holding it until the machine pulls it forward.	~Don't pull the pouch out; let the machine work.	~If the pouch doesn't feed correctly, use the pouch release lever & manually pull the pouch out of the laminator.	~Let the laminated item cool on a flat surface.	~You might have to run a heavier item through again to completely seal the pouch.	~Do not cut the pouch before laminating.		The cord is stored under the laminator & there's a 'handle' built into the side of the unit.		30 day warranty.		Made in China
0,none
0,I got these for my brother to use in his Brother laser printer.  He says they work as good as the original toner cartridge that came with the printer.
0,This is a real stand-out!  The combination of the black under the silver and gold metal is amazing.  I love everything about it -- the heavy feel, the beautiful clip on the cap, and the way the cap screws onto the pen when you write.  A real find for fountain pen lovers!
0,After getting this I realized a serious lack in Dymo labelers: limited color selection. I'm much less interested in black on red, blue, yellow, green, etc. I need to label black surfaces and want white on clear or on black which Dymo does not make. Brother and Casio do, although both in limited tape sizes. The only other drawback with this labeler is limited type sizes.
0,Easy, about 100 times easier than an HP large format plotter.	Easiest scanning and copying (previously had HP and Canon multifunction printer scanners	No bloat ware with installation	Highly recommended with BIG reservation - read below....	A year later - Online tech support from Epson USELESS when it comes to scanning, their searchable PDF manual, just as bad.  Epson knows printing, not scanning, though why searching for scanner cleaning turns up a blank I can't imagine.  Which means tiny scanner problems can become big issues.  My learning experience - the sheet feed scanner relies on a cheesy piece of flexible plastic that due to static elec. picks up dust, and the tinest mote will cause lines down your whole scan, and, the dust might be under the plastic, or ontop of glass screen under the plastic, or under the glass (good luck trying to clean that).  I guess they don't point out the in depth cleaning necessary as it might dissuade buyers, they'd rather take the rap for bad support.  Weird world we live in eh?
0,very cute.  all the ginger bread people needed was glasses and they'd look like characters (not sure that's spelt right) of us.  I really enjoyed mailing these out (especially to my friends with hot tubs).
0,Alittle bit thicker than normal paper so easy to use on the printer. It's just as pictured. White colored. Recommended.
0,THESE ARE SO CUTE I GAVE THEM TO MY DENTIST OFFICE WANT MORE WILL KEEP CHECKING BACK TO SEE IF THEY COME BACK IN AGAIN. I THINK THEY WILL LOVE THESE WILL GET MORE AS SOON AS THEY COME BACK IN.
0,Like this acid free paper
0,WORKED VERY WELL TO KEEP TO KEEP A REPLACEMENT CAR CLOCK MOUNTED TO THE DASHBOARD.
0,So far I really like this shredder.  I am amazed at how quiet it is compared to my previous Fellowes model.  Also love the micro-cut and pull out waste basket.
0,I recommend these pens!  I collect pens like crazy.  The bolder they write, they better.  Uni-ball has a great reputation for designing and manufacturing great pens.  Amazon also delivers by offering them at a great price.
0,So far so good. I have been afraid of trying after market ink forever! I finally tried this after being tired of spending more on ink than my printer!!! I changed the yellow and got the typical warning that I wasn't using the HP overpriced brand. I printed the same yellow logo and I can't tell any difference. I have not had any problems so far. If these last as long os the originals I will switch for life!!! this will save us Hundreds of dollars a year. We print a ton for our small business. I hope they hold up!
0,This is a well made notebook with solid paper.  Love that it is a general blank planner.  I organize many business and personal activities and use several different notebooks.  I added a few tabs to the page edges and this has become an all in one for me.  Very pleased and would order another when the need arises.
0,This is so thin & lightweight yet very sturdy!! I am very impressed, no curling up or lifting, very easy to roll chair around! I just ordered a second one for my Hubby too! ,,, Received second mat yesterday, just as described in first review... Love these things! Just wish I would have gotten them before my rug got ruined...oh well, maybe Hubby will put that new flooring in now! lol
0,Great Price and good quality.
0,nice large size bible case that has many compartments for extra storage. makes taking everything you need with you in an organized and easy manner.
0,Great card stock for your cutting machine. Silhouette or Cricut or printandcut. Good weight.
0,Am very satisfied with this machine.
0,I used to use these in the office all the time.  After a recent round of a lot of medical/doctor/hospital visits for my husband, I found myself wuickly being overwhelmed with the sheer quantity of the bills from the hospital, doctors, radiologists, labs, etc etc.  They ALL bill separately for your part of the cost, and with Obamacare guidelines, there is no longer just one account for your name - every procedure has a new account number. I bought these to try to keep the bills, estimation of benefits, doctor bills, etc under control.  Turned out that I needed HALF of this box just to have one folder per account set up by these various entities!  Good grief.  13 different accounts for the treatment of the same medical problem!  Yikes...		These have been invaluable to keeping up with the accounts without losing my sanity. I am also going to recommend them for my daughter to keep her projects separate for her college courses.  Don't know why I didn't think about them sooner...  I tend to associate these with office use only, but they are great for home and school as well.  Love them!
0,Love it! The rings are great for my inserts!  Love that the one side of the ring is flat, easy open too.
0,You can't go wrong with Expo markers!  Great colors as well and last!  Perfect for any white board marker snob :)
0,Great value, very handy for work.  Use this for everything - very thick and seals well.
0,It's ok but forgot to check if it's see-through. Oh, well, next time.
0,I love the smooth way these pens write and not mess. Great for every day and office use. You will enjoy them.
0,Great price!
0,Product received on time and in good condition.  Product is very high quality, and produces very nice greeting cards from my HP photosmart printer.  I would recommend this product, and I expect to reorder in the future.  This product is very cost effective as compared to other alternative products available.
0,great!
0,Perfect
0,Great pencil lead at a bulk rate price.
0,Customer Review	5.0 out of 5 starsREVISED REVIEW: A Completely Functional Product - Two Years of Good Service	ByUpward Callon January 20, 2016	Color: Black|Verified Purchase	Revising this review two years after making this purchase. This sharpener outperformed ALL my expectations. It QUICKLY and RELIABLY produces a sharpened pencil, with a very useful point with respect to sharpness. It is not silent, but it does the job quickly and allows you to get on with the task at hand. My other sharpeners include a workable hand-cranked Boston purchased at a long forgotten garage sale for a dollar, and the KUM Long Point 2 stage sharpener. Other sharpeners CAN produce a sharper point than this one. I have learned that eye catching razor-sharpness is not everything. Under my hand, a razor-sharp point almost always breaks at the tip the moment it comes into contact with the paper. This sharpener creates a durable and functional point EVERY TIME. It is surprisingly petite. I do not need portability, but it would easily fit into a back pack. The fit and finish are quite good. It might not feel or sound particularly durable, but it gets regular use, fits on my desk, and it still works, having survived objects accidentally falling on to it. It is useful, reliable, and I am glad I bought it.
0,I wish the bottom tabs were a little longer so they could keep a note from sliding off the bottom of the laptop. Packs nicely for traveling. Rounded base makes it unsteady.
0,I like these dividers because they are plastic, which makes them a lot more durable for heavy use, and because they have pockets in them.  I tend to make notes on stickies and then put them in files, but of course, the longer notes get out of control quickly and it is really handy to be able to stuff them in a folder.		I do a lot of testing and some of the sheets end up being handwritten before I scan them and add them to files.  It is nice to be able to catch the loose sheets.  Later when I store them, they will be put into the three ring binder but until I decide an order, it is nice to catch the loose pieces.		The only flaw is not being able to write all over them.
0,Great and for the price excellent.  Print very clear and clean
0,These are wonderful. Now my cell phone stays in the kitchen on the charger and I have a hand set in the living room and one in my home office. The reception is clear; unlike some reviewers I have had no problems with static.
0,I love this ruler!  Its easy to hold.  I feel like I should have had one of these years ago!!!
0,The only notebook I use, since they are so durable! Pages rip out easily, easy to clean the front plastic color if I spill coffee, just overall excellent!
0,no problems encountered
0,This glue really does seem less drippy and the glue I thought a decade or two ago. My kids make less mess with that than I always expect, so that's a win for me!
0,This is a high quality notebook for fountain pen lovers and also people who appreciate high quality stationery. Both Diamine Majestic Blue and Bilberry sheen on this paper, but won't sheen on Rhodia spiral notebooks (but will sheen on Rhodia dot pads). The lines are faint, but precisely printed. The micro perforations are precise. The paper is off white vs bright white for Rhodia. The cover is a matte plastic vs shiny for Rhodia spirals. The matte covers don't show wear like the Rhodia shiny covers.
0,A gift for a teen boy, it was so well liked that I actually received a snail mail thank you.		To quote:	"Thank you for the music journal.  This is just what I needed to encourage me to learn how to read and write music . . . and so far I have already taught myself a bit and wrote my first song on piano.  Thank you so much."		I don't think you can beat that for a recommendation!
0,I just got this shredder today.  I've done a credit card and a couple of income tax returns and all I can say is, "Fantastic!"	  The unit does exactly what it says it will do.  It made confetti out of everything I put through it.  I shredded up to 12 pages at a time and, although it slowed down some on the thicker 'stacks', they went right through.  It did the job beautifully.  Even when I didn't feed it perfectly straight through, it kept right on trucking and did what it was supposed to do.  In case you can't tell, I am VERY pleased with this unit.  Highly recommended!
0,Nice selection of colors, and they're great witht he pencils - only wish the lead were a little softer so that the coloring were a bit bolder. It would also be great if they had this is 2mm.
0,This is my second one and they work great.
0,Good item, love the cushions on the inside to protect sharp points from breaking and the multiple sections. Closing mechanism is solid. On the downside, this seemed a little longer than actually necessary, which causes pencils to slide more and potentially break. Recommended with that one caveat.
0,Nice notebook.
0,These were inexpensive AND will make wonderful journals for my students.
0,Purchased for an elder with poor vision.  The white with black numbers allow her to see and dial numbers.  Previous phone was black with white numbers and she could not see the numbers.  Phone is sturdy, perfect!
0,These save so much money and the quality  is really good.  Out of the last five cartridges I've used 4 have been perfect and  had some sort of a streak when  I printed. part way through the cartridge.  I've been using Linkyo for years and have always had good luck with their cartridges.
0,As good as new again after many years of use on the old blade.
0,I've never paid much attention to staplers until I had a need to staple multiple thick stacks of paper. That was when I realized most staplers will only go through 20 sheets of paper. I purchased this with a box of B8 1/4" staples, because it claims to be able to staple 30 sheets of normal paper. I don't know how they do it, but it really works. It goes through 30 sheets of normal copier paper effortlessly with the 1/4" staples. I haven't tried 45 sheets since I don't have the 3/8" staples.		Note that you must use the PowerCrown B8 staples, either 1/4" or 3/8". Some of the reviewers don't seem to be aware of this, which explains the low rating.		All parts of this stapler is sturdy, with one exception - the spring-loaded clip holding in the staples. It feels flimsy and is held in place by two plastic tabs. That is the only part that I'm worried about breaking. Be careful when removing the clip if it is almost fully loaded. Since the spring is under tension, if you don't hold on to it tightly, the clip can go flying across the room.		Stapling a stack of paper one-handed is effortless if you have medium sized hands (or larger, obviously). No more pounding on a desk stapler hoping to drive the staples all the way through.		There are two small holes near the front of the stapler, allowing you to tell whether there are any staples left, and what type you have loaded. Packaging says it can be used as a tacker, but I haven't figured out how to unhinge it. (see Krankshaft's comment below on how to accomplish this. Thanks, Krankshaft.)		One last thing, not related to its performance as a stapler. The packaging looks like the clam shell hard plastic type guaranteed to draw blood when opening, but it is actually held together by friction tabs that opens easily. Altogether, a very nice stapler with that one flaw in design I mentioned.
0,nice
0,Love these pens. They seem to last forever. Use them for note taking in organic chemistry and they're one of the best investments I have made.
0,THESE ARE THE BEST TABLETS YOU CAN BUY AND THEY ARE THE ONLY ONES I WILL USE.
0,I had Uniden Tru phones, but after almost 10 years, the buttons became stuck and only one was able to be used.  I purchased their new brand and after two weeks they stopped working. I sent them back to the company, recevied a replacement and the same issue occurred. I called Uniden, and their customer service was appalling!  I decided to purchase these and I am extremely satisfied!  Easy to use, reasonably priced and light as a feather. Unlike the Uniden phones, my voice is crystal clear and can be heard whereas I was always being told that my voice would fade out.  I am very happy with this product, but wish you were able to purchase additional handsets.
0,perfect
0,The Brother HLL6200DWT is a serious B&W laser printer for a small office.  Its fast at 48ppm, has a fairly large memory at 256MB, a large paper capacity with two trays that each hold slightly more than a ream (500 pages) each, and has advanced security features.		The setup, like other Brother printers weve used, was easy.  WiFi was a snap on our 2010 Mac and we were printing in a couple of minutes.  Wish setting up other peripheral devices was this easy!		Before this printer I was using the Brother HL6180DW which appears to be now the generation just before the HLL6200 series.  The two printers, ignoring the height from additional trays, look almost identical.  In fact, Id say a lot of the Brother printers look almost identical.  So what are you getting for the extra cost when you get the HLL6200DWT over an earlier printer thats less expensive?		Speed: This model goes at 48ppm.  Before now the top speed in this price range was no more than 42ppm.		Memory: Previous Brother printers typically topped at at built in memory of 128MB.  This doubles it to 256MB.  This means being better able to handle bigger documents.		Security: The HLL6200 series offers SSL/TLS and IPSec security features.  To be honest, I don't need for my purposes or even understand these, but I know this model has them whereas earlier models did not.  If you're concerned with security and this is what you're looking for Im going to assume youll understand what this means.		I print approximately 30 pages every single weekday.  On some days that might go as high as 100 pages, other days as little as 15.  Im a one person business and don't deal with anything thats particularly confidential  so Im not super concerned about the Wifi security that this specific printer offers.  So this printer is a bit like having an elephant gun to shoot a small deer.		Another area of concern is also the power consumption and the resulting surge you get when starting a print project.  If you have a properly wired office youll be fine.  If you have a general problem with printer surges then youll definitely have an issue with this printer.  In my situation the circuit I use can just barely handle the smaller HL6180.  The HLL6200 pushes it to the outer limits - enough so that I have to turn things off to use it.  But again, this is only going to be an issue for some users.  I work from home in a building over 100 years old.  Users located in places with better wiring will be fine.		Overall, this is an excellent printer for someone who needs the faster speed, increased memory and extra security features.  If you're dealing with confidential documents or running a small office with multiple workers this would be a great choice. If you run a smaller operation and just need a basic B&W laser printer then a cheaper model would probably be a better choice.
0,These are great. Not only is a magnet so that the door stays in the open position, even when windows are open and there's a good breeze moving through the room (no more kitties trapped in other rooms because the wind closed a door), but they aren't that spring kind that makes a springy noise every time it gets bumped or deliberately thwacked by a cat.
0,I received this reply from Epson about the capacity of each:	High-capacity Black (126): About 385 pages;	Extra High-capacity Black (127): About 945 pages;	High-capacity Cyan, Magenta and Yellow (126): About 470 pages;	Extra High-capacity Cyan, Magenta and Yellow (127): About 755 pages.		And the rest of Epson's reply:	Epson does not provide the ink volume in mls for its cartridges because mls do not translate into any usable print information. Mls will not tell you how much printing you can get out of a cartridge. To get an idea of how much printing can be done from a cartridge, Epson provides estimated page yields for the black cartridges and color cartridges for its printers.
0,As expected.
0,I won't buy any other brand of dry erase markers or products! They don't work as well & will stain!
0,This is an excellent 3 in 1 printer that fills all our needs. The image quality is far superior to our previous Brother printer.
0,Good pencil works fine and lastgs
0,Good quality door stop!
0,As advertised, delivery timely, packaged well. Am satisfied
0,Easy to install and works well.
0,This is a super cute paper clip holder. There is a tiny magnet on the back of the tail that is strong enough to pick up a few paperclips. Plus, it even comes with a few paperclips already inside the jar.
0,I'm tired of smudgy old pink erasers that leave a pink racing stripe, highlighting my errors. This is the only way to go.
0,quality product, rapid delivery
0,Flawless
0,Sticks well to the wall and has erased well with no staining
0,Some of the Earthing Universal products are over priced in my opinion for what they deliver.  But I have to say, this one is good value for the price as it can be immediately applied for a range of personal earth grounding needs at a reasonable price.		If you tried to acquire the pieces yourself and go the do-it-yourself route, you would pay more then the price of this kit.  You get all the important elements needed to get up and running with an indoor earthing setup.  The conductive mat is a typical low impedance conductive mat (resistance = ~2K ohms per inch when I measured it).  The outer cover is cloth, with a silver thread conductive grid consisting of 1/4 inch by 1 inch grid array.  It is indeed high conductivity thread, as I measured it at essentially zero ohms resistance across the full length of the cover. The grounding wire is long enough for virtually any use inside even a large indoor room.  And the all important ground fault device to test your ground connection of your three prong US outlets is a must, and it works nicely and is very simple (with instructions included).		Personally, I could do without the book being included, but I am sure it serves as a useful primer for people new to the concepts of earthing.  Since I ordered two units, I have two books I don't need so I'll just give them away (perhaps that was the manufacturers plan anyway :) )		I won't comment on the alleged therapeutics, leaving that to the reader to self-assess.  But what I will comment is that this kit can easily be used to effectively setup an indoor earthing installation for the floor at any work surface (desk, etc), or for any work surface (desk, etc) as well as for a foot grounding surface in bed.  I actually use one kit as a foot grounding in bed (yes, it is large enough and comfortable for this purpose for earthing while asleep) and one kit for foot grounding at my computer desk.  The cloth cover is perfect for bed use, and it can be either used or eliminated for floor/desk use (depending on personal preference.
0,These are standard envelopes that work just as one would expect they should. The only thing that they could have added is a tear-off sticker that reveals the sealing glue. Instead, I have to lick the sealing glue in order to get the envelope cover to stick to the envelope body.
0,Nice heavy construction.  Love the light blue color.
0,OK
0,As a former professional photographer, a printer's performance as a photo processor is really where the rubber meets the road. Let's face it, in this day and age, almost any multi-function unit from a reputable manufacturer will do a good job on the typical uses of faxing, printing and scanning documents, and that sort of thing. But how will they perform as photo printers?		I shoot Nikon pro-level cameras and lenses, both film and digital. I have a Canon 9950F dedicated print scanner, a Nikon CoolScan negative/slide scanner, and an HP 8750 as a dedicated printer for larger format photo prints. I use Photoshop, Lightroom, DNG Converter, and other top-end photo software. The quality of my photo prints is absolutely crucial to me artistically.		What I wanted was a printer that would allow me to print standard size prints -- 4X6 and 5X7 -- without having to run them through my 8750, while still getting lab quality prints in an archival medium.		The 7580 fills the bill admirably. It uses the Vivera inks, which on HP's Premium Plus papers will last for over 100 years. That was a vast improvement over my Canon i9900, which though it was a fine printer that yielded excellent images, those images could be expected to start fading in a pretty short period of time. That was simply unacceptable to me.		Image quality, as I wrote, is as good as one gets from a lab. As a photo scanner, it will be more than adequate for the vast majority of users, with a good interface. Scan qualities can be improved through the use of Photoshop, Lightroom, or many other available software programs.		I will say that once I get to print sizes of 8X10 and up, there's a (to me) noticeable difference in the quality of the finished product between my 7580 and my 8750. But at smaller sizes, the differences in quality will be unnoticeable to all but the most demanding, and even at 8X10 the average viewer probably wouldn't notice the difference in quality.		I have to say, I love this printer, and strongly recommend it.
0,great price seal easy no need for glue stick or wet pad and a lot lower price than the office supply stores and delivered to the door
0,ok
0,I've heard these books are wonderful.  I take a lot of notes at my job.  Having struggled with wire bound books (the bindings getting bent or snagging clothing) and being teased about being too old to use composition books, these notebooks are a joy to use.  The attached ribbon bookmark and elastic band close have come in handy to use.  The paper is smooth and a heavier weight than other notebooks.  The paper is also a cream colored so there is no glare when writing in bright sunlight.  The book is tough enough to be out on the job but professional looking enough for meetings.  Love this book!  I'm planning to buy more and have the covers laser-etched to give out as gifts.
0,works great
0,Works well and is comfortable
0,Great sturdy tape gun for daily use.
0,This worked great for projects that I were doing.		This tape holds very well and if I used enough it would probably stick me to the wall.
0,Good tear resistant strength and good adhesive
0,My friend has one of these and I fell in love with it. Mine arrived a few days ago. It is wonderful. It's the BEST paper cutter I've ever used.
0,All I can say is that this is a great ruler. It is quite thick yet feels very light and can bend quite a bit. However make sure not to bend it to much or it will break. The markings are big and easy to read even from a distance which is really nice. Also the zero markings are not flush at the end and are closer to about 1/4 of an inch from the end so if your looking for a ruler with the markings flush on the ends then this isn't for you. The best part is its completely see through so its easy to see what's underneath the ruler which is really nice when your drawing or whatever. Finally the edges are all straight so its easy to run a pencil along them.
0,I print hundreds of documents a week.  These refurbished toner cartridges are a great value. I would be spending a fortune on new ones.
0,I really like it! This is my first gaming mouse pad and I'm really happy with the purchase. The rubber backing is great since it avoids any sliding while gaming and comes with a carrying case. The carrying case is great! It protects the mat from getting damaged and comes in handy for transporting to a friend's house, for example, for a gaming marathon.
0,Been using these forever and will continue to do so.  Large erasers and sturdy pencils.
0,Mod Podge is a wonderful staple in the world of collage and decoupage. It's sold for a bargain price and functions as both a glue and sealer.
0,Amazing gift! Beautiful exterior.
0,Another GREAT Avery product.  If it is Avery I know I will be good.
0,Expensive as far as my budget and taste but I do like these pens.  I have used them for years.
0,These are good quality badge holders.  They are heavy enough to last, but not too heavy!!!  I'll be buying more as needed!!!
0,I have all my co-workers using this at work!! It's the greatest invention ever.
0,Very good way to organize your move.  Product better than expected.
0,Following the simple set of instructions, this printer was in place and ready to use in a very short time, and the wi-fi functionality allows us to use this printer easily and conveniently from any computer in the house (and away from the house using the Google Print service).  The printer is compact, but provides incredibly fast, high quality prints.  The scanner is easy to use, with the same Twain interface that I'm familiar with from my previous Epson scanner.  However, the sheet feeder allows me to scan multi-page documents into .pdf files conveniently, without having to swap sheets like my old flat scanner.  Finally, the copier function is intuitive and fast, providing an easy way to make a fast copy, without using a computer at all.  Overall, a great little printer that meets all the needs of our family.
0,GREAT PENCILS - especially for left handed kids or adults.  Thank you
0,Good job
0,Love anything by Lilly, makes me happy just to look at the colors.  It's so pretty that I don't want to write on it.
0,This came in very handy for holding my student ID. My college required scanning your student ID to enter buildings. Rather than risk losing it or having to pull it out everytime I entered, I attached it to this and clipped it to my backpack strap. I could pull it, extending the string and scan it, it would then snap back into place until the next time I needed it.
0,Great product
0,There still is nothing better than Expo Dry Erase markers! I love having all the different colors to use in my classroom. My students having special needs love it when I mark differen information in a different color so that they can see what is going on in writing assignments. During free time the different colors make drawing on the whiteboard far more interesting as well. I got this set as an add-on item which made the price to good pass up!
0,great
0,Great look but slightly flimsy. It doesn't look like it will last forever but does the job!
0,I really liked this deal. It fits great in the corner. Will absolutely get another or something close. Thanks again
0,exactly as advertised.
0,Have had Canon Pixma color printers for many years and if you know what you're doing and have effective software you can produce 'photo' like images with eaze using  Canon inks. Tried the knock-off inks in the past with an older out-dated machine just to see if they would work ( and save some money ) but the quality was disappointing. Not to mention the after market inks caused some clogging of the printer heads. Okay in a mchine that you're getting rid of. Not good in your every day printer that you depend on to be ready and able when you need it.		Knock-off inks, in my opinion, just don't have that clean looking 'quality first' appearence that the Canon inks give you. Now I'm certain someone out there will reply that they have no problem with after market inks- but I could notice the difference so the cost savings just doesn't seem to be worth it.		Bottom line: If what you're printing matters to you go with the Canon inks. At the price Amazon is offering these cartridges it's easy to stay with the best.
0,As I say in the title it's big to you should have a good space where to put it.	It prints very fast and doesn't make much noise. We have had it for several months with normal household use and still has the original small cartridges.	It really cool to be print wireless, and also the fact that you can set up an e-mail, where you sent and attachment and it's printed in your home.
0,I use these to write names on students' desks. They fade after a while, and the kids figured out they can remove the ink with hand sanitizer (which does work great, if you're worried about removing it). Still, though, they're the best option I've found for semi-permanent marking on desks.
0,A high-quality product delivered promptly.
0,great products, thanks
0,These are by far the best thickness of lamination for our family. I like thick covering as I use these for home school teaching charts by multiple kids as well as family meal plans, dry erase functions daily and more. PERFECT!!! COULD NOT BE HAPPIER. I think these will be all we order from here on out.		*These DO NOT bend or roll up if you are seeking something 'flexible'
0,How much can I say about envelopes? Well, the fit well, are brightly colored . The glue works as you'd expect on any envelope.		So, I have nothing to complain about.
0,It's too bad that Canon doesn't make this printer any more. The color match with my monitor is great. It is easy on ink, too. I print a lot of photos and have been surprised at the quality and that I don't have to replace the ink cartridges often.
0,It comes with a sample cartridge of 18mm Black on White tape.  It will handle 3.5mm to 18mm (0.7") tape.  Includes AC adapter, otherwise needs SIX "AA" batteries, and needs them anyway if you want it to remember anything.	The keyboard is clear and well layed out.  Really like that.  It has many features and options and I find it more user friendly than some others I've had.  I need the manual handy to do more than basic print, though, which I wish they had printed larger and on better paper so I could see it easily.	The website has good info and you can see if the symbols and frames are what you want	 http://www.brother-usa.com/Labeling_Solutions/ModelDetail/7/PTD400AD/overview		 and I downloaded the manual so I could enlarge it onscreen at	http://www.brother-usa.com/support/ModelInfo.aspx?R3ModelID=PTD400AD&StartOn=FAQs#.VE8Ewfl4pcR	You can look at it to see if the features, frames and symbols are what you want.	A great feature : you can actually see what you are going to print by using the key with the magnifying glass on it.  Also like the Cable marker option that prints so you can wrap the label around a cable and still read it (instead of adding a lot of spaces and hoping it comes out right).	It will do several types of bar codes, too.  in case you need that.	The original price of 90 dollars seems like too much, now I see it at around  68 dollars and that is more reasonable.  FYI the Brother website says "  Estimated Street Price: $59.99* "  Maybe it will go down.	Tapes are around 10 dollars, cheaper than some.
0,Love that they are separated in the middle and that they are printed on the back so it's easy to know which side to print on. Very pleased... I bought about 1000 of them.
0,Exactly what I wanted, and a good value.  quick shipment as well  Thanks
0,Accurate Description! Perfect!
0,85 year old mom loves it!  No hassles on figuring out the phone.  After so many problems with her new phone with answering machine in it I finally found her a phone she loves and has no baubles or whistles to figure out.
0,First of all this is very large so make sure you have the room for it. The size is a bit excessive, but good for FPS and things like that. It allows you to continue turning for a long time without having to reset the mouse position, which is great if someone is trying to evade you or something like that. (Well over 360 degrees.) It is also great if you have dpi switching on your mouse, so at slower more precise movement ranges you will not hit the edge.		Tracking is amazing. I thought my old cloth mat had fairly good tracking, although a bit worn, but this is much better. This is my first hard mat so can't really compare it to other hard mats. The mouse glides very smoothly but you can feel a sort of drag even though it does not affect mouse movement. It was disorienting at first but after about a day of use I got used to it and is no longer much of an issue. I think it has sort of a fine grain to it to offer some resistance for more control, so it is likely actually a good thing.		The color is terrible. It is a bleak grey. I don't know if that somehow helps tracking or something, but it looks really bad. I would have preferred black, but no color options.
0,I love fine and extra fine pens.  It's what I learned shorthand on nearly 50 years ago.  These are excellent quality.  Will probably order more and in other colors, as well.  Outstanding pens.
0,I am a fairly loyal Brother printer fan as they are typically reasonably affordable, easy to set up and work will with the Paper Port software provided. It works like it is supposed to and the sale price on Amazon was very reasonable.  I would have given this 5 stars, however, the Paperport software was not provided on the disk received.
0,the tip ends need be slightly filed down or they tear the pages
0,Excellent phone
0,Bought it for my boss. good paper for a great price.
0,I have a variety of sketchbooks that I use for various projects. This particular one, I ordered to use as an Art Journal. The size and quality of the paper is perfect for this. I love that it has a plain black cover so I can decorate the cover however I like or just leave it plain and not worry about having to cover anything on it up. The blue information piece on the cover comes off. The paper is thick enough that I can use my markers and gel pens on it without it bleeding onto the next page. I have not tried water color on it yet, so I cannot confirm if it holds watercolor well. It's spiral bound so It's so much easier to open a page and work on it flat than it is when you are working in a sewn sketchbook, which you would have to hold open. I can walk away and leave my pages dry flat without having to weigh the sides of the book down. I have just started my journal, but will update with photos when I get some of the pages completed so you can see how well they hold up to different materials. Overall, I love this sketchbook and will be purchasing more for my art journaling. I did receive this set at no cost in order to thoroughly test and provide an honest opinion. All thoughts are strictly my own and have not been influenced in any manner. Your experience with this item may vary from that of my own, of course.
0,Very good.
0,I am very careless, so I just broke this pencil months ago.	To tell the truth, this pencil if very stable and very good.	Its weight makes it more comfortable to draw. I recommended this pencil for anyone who likes drawing or wants to draw.	Its clip makes it more stable in my shirt, more mobile and convenient when I move.	It is the best pencil ever because of the security clip. Whenever I do not use it, just open the clip and the tip will automatically go back in inside preventing the pencil from being broken by dropping.	It is best until I carelessly use the 0.7 mm tip for this 0.5 mm tip pencil.	It was such a pain not being able to get the pencil stuck tip out. And that is why I say I am very careless.	I regret buying this very good pencil and broke it, not broke by dropping but broke by sticking the tip.	I recommend this pencil for all you amazon citizens, but NOT for those who are careless.	Be careful if you buy one. :(	HTH - Hope this Help :)
0,Love these pens! : )
0,Gorgeous results. Odd size, but I've worked around it.
0,Great
0,I would give more stars if possible. The pencils fo not wear down quickly. You can use them dry or wet. The blending pencil and sharpener are a must purchase with these.
0,normal quality product, is fine
0,Easy to install handles, sturdy, and looks nice.
0,use it every day
0,Perfect.  As advertised
0,I purchased these for homeschool so the kids could do work on the couch when they want to. These have held up well.
0,I bought this for the feature where the lead turns as you write, keeping it sharp. Seems to work very well and is well made.
0,Work great
0,great product.
0,These are great!  I use a calendar to keep up with all the activities my family has--band, sports, work, school...and so many more.  In order to keep everyone's schedule under control I color code everything.  With this set I have enough colors and then some to give everyone their own color.	The quality is great.  The color is vibrant.  The tips are firm.	I purchased this product during a flash sale.	I recommend this product if you need many colors.
0,Good
0,As expected and came on time!
0,I have suffered from chronic tendinitis in my elbows for years. It seems to be primarily related to mouse work and having my arm extended to grip the mouse and straining the tendons of the elbow as a result. When I am doing a lot of keyboard work, my left arm will develop issues as well. While I have been through various treatments for the problem, I really needed something that would reduce the strain on the arm, and prevent it from just constantly recurring. The ergo-rest does the job great. Unlike some other static arm supports, it moves with your arm and you can adjust the height and where it supports the arm very easily. I've had mine now for 10+ years and they are just now starting to wear out a little but that certainly speaks well for the durability. The device will fit many types of desk setups but I would not expect to use it on a desk that has a lip on the front.
0,I got this for my daughter to use for school. She has used it for 2 years and it still works like new.
0,The ultimate set of Sharpie markers!! This is a fantastic set and I use these all the time. Sharpies are great for adult coloring books, labeling and touching us canvas. My kids use these for their school projects and a variety of other things. Great set to have around!
0,Delivered earlier than expected. Exactly as pictured. Great value for this item.
0,I bought this for me for Christmas. Works great with my 17.3 HP laptop. No sliding off. My laptop don't get hot. The lap desk stays in one place on my lap. Light weight. Really nice. For the price you can't go wrong. I looked at them in stores and they wanted $39. for them.
0,good price, fast shipping
0,you get what you expect. a 3 part wall hanger. great for folders or papers. sturdy and easy to hang.
0,I moved into a large house and needed a solution for having quick access to a phone in several different rooms. This is a great solution.		I have eight phones strategically placed throughout my home. They all wirelessly connect to the same base station in my den.		My base station has a land line plugged into LINE2 and an Ooma brand, voice over IP (VoIP) line plugged into LINE1.		Occasionally (every couple months) one of the phones will lose connection with the base. Unplugging the battery and plugging it back in always fixes this.		The caller ID is nice, but like all I have tried, it takes a couple seconds after ringing before the number shows up.		The speakerphone is convenient and easy to use.		The intercom feature is nice, it allows calling a specific phone if you know the phone ID (index starting at 1). So if I want to call my master bedroom, I intercom HANDSET 2. That means I don't want to mix up my handsets. The handsets show their ID on the display, but we added labels with the room name. Intercom also lets you find a missing phone if you haven't let the battery die. A weekly check that they are all in place seems to keep them from dying.		I REALLY wish there was a P.A. feature that let you make announcements using all handsets speakers at the same time. Sadly there is not.
0,My husband has gone wild scanning things with this handy and fast scanner.  He's eliminated many pounds of paperwork we have to store.  We keep it sitting on the desk, and when new mail comes in we just scan it in and through the paper copy away.  This scanner is so easy to use there is just no comparison to the tedium of using the old flat bed scanners.
0,Looks great and sets your monitor about 5 inches higher.  You can also store some things underneath this stand such as external hard drives, etc.  Great product.
0,it was a gift and she loved it
0,Good item.
0,I cant wait to use them
0,Surpassed my expectations, to be sure.  Avery is the go-to name in labels, and this is second to none.  Definitely waterproof through numerous washings and no smearing.  Costly, but worth the money for important applications.  Ease of use is a plus, A sturdy, waterproof label with great stick to it power, doesn't smear or rip.  Great for chemical or household use.  Will use more of these in the future.
0,love these things makes life easier
0,I love this set. About 3 years ago I received a set of 10 Stabilo 88's as a free incentive with some colored pencils I ordered. The biggest challenge was keeping them! Lots of people wanted to "borrow" them.		I used them daily at work for 2 years and marveled at the seeming never ending supply of ink. I retired them to the home last year and my 3 year old granddaughter discovered them soon after. She managed to destroy three of the tips before mastering the pressure needed to make marks. Exactly the excuse I needed to purchase this set.		Of the few art supplies I took with me on a two month trip, with only two bags of luggage allowed, these were the #1 choice with my micron pens, and my derwent inktense and graphitint pencils. My pencils were rolled up in an expensive canvas pencil case and this cheap plastic rollup with the stretchy velcro closure turned out to be the better storage. So I started sneaking several of the other pencils into this case for quick trips around town. VERY satisfied.		If you get a set with busted nibs or dried out ink (as one reviewer noted) check out Amazon's return policy! It's the best!!
0,I wanted something clear to put a little sparkle in my snow, great pens.
0,Good value.
0,Excellent Cartridge for and excellent printer.
0,Great value & variety
0,I'm giving 4 starts because, unfortunately, my laptop keeps sliding off the bottom due to the small table lip and a rounded shape of my laptop, I have an idea of how I might be able to find a remedy for myself. Worked pretty wellwith my Kindle. The legs move easily but I haven't quite found the best position for myself. Size is good. I will note as others have, that the legs are made of plastic, not metal, but it seems sturdy enough if you use as it should be used. I do recommend to others.
0,This is the only stapler I buy for my office now.  Over 5 years of use on the oldest, and have yet to have one fail.  Crisp, sharp staple.  Works perfect everytime.  Every small hole on the side to see if you are out of staples.
0,wife loves it
0,Great tape!! sticks when others won't
0,Product was as expected :-)
0,Love it. I needed something more convenient for my watercolor pencils and pentels. This fits (not all of them); but 36 is a nice selection to work with. The price is perfect for the starving artist!
0,Very good tape dispenser
0,edges were roughly cut, and black paper was frayed. Nothing a little sandpaper didn't fix, but still a pain.	shipped and packed very well.
0,Small but just what I needed.  Hope I don't loose it but seems like it will hold together well.
0,Lasts a long time.  Highly Recommend!
0,I buy these again and again!!
0,a
0,As expected! Thank you.
0,GREAT maps.  Good quality!
0,Tape is thick and heavy duty!
0,These are my favorite ink pens and I love this color pack for my desk calendar.
0,this is good scotch tape and it lasts me a long time.  i buy on Amazon because it saves shopping downtown which	i prefer not to do if i can help it.
0,there razor blades
0,Awesome sharpener!  Read the reviews and I have to agree!  So glad I purchased it!
0,Just got these. What an amazing price for quality.
0,Use a lot and they are great.
0,I really like this pencil - and just ordered another
0,works as described and gets the job done, thanks.
0,There isn't a lot you can say about such a simple product.  However, it does work and holds cards well.  My holder was exactly as pictured and very strong.  It holds about 40 cards easily and looks very tasteful.  As a side note, the color matches office depot brand mesh accessories perfectly.  I suspect this may be a counterfeit product though.  It does have a Rolodex label.  However, it was affixed with hot-glue and had reside on the back.  With this being said, it does do the job and seems to be a product of decent quality.
0,Great stamps and a great price.
0,Yes!
0,These labels worked great for online shipping through USPS.  These are ideal for people who want to keep a paper receipt of what they've shipped.		Likes:	- Size and layout just work with online shipping (usps, ebay, paypal).	- Labels' adhesive worked well--easy to peel and then no problems sticking.	- Built-in paper receipt is very convenient way to keep track of what has shipped.	- Worked fine with our ink-jet, even though they are specified for laser.  (We did tape over the address in case it got wet).		Dislikes:	- If you don't need a built-in paper receipt, these may be overkill.
0,Good
0,very thin, but work good
0,I own a Safari pen as well - there's much less difference between the two than I expected. Sure, it's a mite heavier, but everything else is the same. Don't get me wrong, I'm happy to have it since it's a great pen!
0,Thank you
0,Great, especially for its price.
0,As a child I saw my father using this Ink. It is of very good quality.
0,So glad I found this reviewed by others and decided to purchase.  It has helped slow down the waste of sharpening my pencils that you get from a standard handheld sharpener.  Like that I can control how sharp I want the point to be depending on what kind of project I will be using the pencil for.
0,Good price  for  box of good  pens !!
0,This chair is stackable and sturdy and has vinyl covered seat and back section. It not to heavy and it has sliders on each leg.
0,These are better quality than the ones I purchased from Quill - a little heavier.  Other than that, what can you say about manila folders?
0,Excellent product, all laminates were good
0,Sturdy chairs a little smaller then we expected but work great in our Sunday School room.
0,A product that is a "necessary evil" for one who does any computer work where a printout is required.
0,The wife's favorite pen for her crossword puzzles.
0,Great binder covers. They add to the professional look of the presentation booklets that I utilize for work. Very pleased. They have a quality feel and do not tear.
0,Very durable and attractive. I purchased one of these many years ago and it has been my go to pen for notes and everyday use. It is attractive enough for formal settings also. The mechanics have held up great and the stainless appearance hides scratches well.
0,nice
0,Great thermal laminating pouches.  Probably the best brand out there.
0,I have the worst time keeping up with telephone messages. I have tried keeping them in a regular otebook, but the I ed up usig the notebook for something else and mislay the messages. Or I put them on the backs of envelopes, or on little pieces of paper and there they are:  lost. So finally I decided to do something organizationally smart. I ordered the Phone message booklet that holds 400 messages. It is wonderful. It has no other purpose and stays put under my phone and is not grabbed away for some other purpose. I love it. There are the phone numbers I need right there in front of me. They do not wander off and are not lost. I am so grateful I finally happened to see this on Amazon and figured...it does not have to be for office use. Home is fine.  If your messages and phone numbers have a habit of straying, try this little pad. It is great for home use!
0,They work fine.
0,This phone is gorgeous!  The screen is so huge that is a pleasure to make phone calls, browse the directory, search for a name, you name it. You can add your own pics as a wallpaper. Yealink: Can you guys program this phone to rotate the pics after some hours? How about every 24 hours?  The G-722  Wide-band(50 to 7000 hertz) codec which is installed on this phone  provides you with a crispy sound.  The touch screen is very responsive, this was a question I had. How responsive is the touch screen? I read, Oh no, is kinda of sluggish, bla bla! That is not the case.  It has 29 soft-key that can be programmed as a speed-dial.  I love the flexibility  and very easy  of putting a call on hold  or  transfer it to my cell. 100% Chinese High Tech , good price, good quality, no regrets. If you don't have a LAN switch that provides PoE, you will need an external 5V power supply. You can get around with a PoE injector.  I will consider this phone for the CEO's desk.
0,I highly recomend this phone.  Great quality at a low price.
0,This is the ink all inks wish they were.  Kon-Peki...you just want to eat the page, the color, the shading, it's delicious on the eyes.  I find myself writing to just to write so I can see more of this.  Beautiful out of a nice 1.1 TWSBI stub on Rhodia paper.
0,It may sound silly but I rediscover the pleasure of simply writing.	These are great.
0,For the price that I found it for I knew it'd be a great gift for whom I was giving it to. Made them happy to have one for their office. was bigger than I had expected but it's design is so sleek that it fits right in perfectly.  If you're an office type then this is for you.
0,This is an amazingly easy device to set up and it is very sturdy once it is assembled. We used it for a recent event and the high quality casters and very part of it really were excellent!
0,I've used various sizes of these plastic "write-on" UltraTabs for several years for different purposes, so I'm happy to see that they've come out with a new "mini" size.		These I'm using to mark crochet patterns that I want to make for a fund-raising project.  I can mark the pattern and write in the specific thread/color that I want to use, making it easy to remember what I had in mind when I selected that particular pattern.  They're also reusable -- I write the thread type in pencil, so it's erasable, and the tabs peel off the book or magazine page with no tearing or residue, or loss of "stickiness" for the next use.		This set is the "neon" colors: pink/yellow/green/orange.  They also come in pastels  pink/yellow/lilac/aqua, and "brights": red. turquoise, orange, spring green.		I can also see using these in my cookbooks to mark "must make!" recipes including possible dates.  They're small but really useful.  Typical Avery quality, too -- really first rate.
0,works as expected, arrived on time
0,Excellent, great brand, very good quality, good seller and good price. Thanks Amazon
0,These pens are great. Multiple uses and they don't jam up. The colors are true to the picture.
0,This is an excellent printer for family use.  Now that everyone is working off of iPads or iPhones in the house, it is essential to have a wireless printing (multifunction) device.  The setup is a snap, and the footprint not too large.  We have not been using the fax feature much, but we have put this machine through it's paces with scanning, printing, and copying.  The full print client that comes with the printer on the CD takes rather long to install on each PC - but there is really no need for the full client.	The ability to print photos is good, not great.  We have found that the blank ink seems to go quite quickly.	You won't be disappointed - try this printer.
0,Works just fine
0,everything ok
0,good product
0,I ordered these planner stickers to use not only with the Reminder Binder, but also with my Happy Planner brand planner. These stickers are really adorable and cover everything from holidays, birthdays, seasons, weddings, as well as just decorative "just because" type stickers that just make your planner more decorative. I use a ton of washi tape and stickers in my planner almost every single day and am always looking for new stickers and planner supplies to add elements to my planner. I love that these stickers are not only adorable, but they are also functional type stickers that let me actually plan my days and events with stickers. I was very happy with the way the stickers were cut, as they were not cut too deep and I was easily able to peel and stick them. The adhesive is also not weak as with some other stickers I have ordered in the past, so they stay well in my planner, even when I carry my planner in my bag and have it in the heat of the car. I have been very impressed with all aspects of these stickers and would love to purchase more stickers from this company in the future.		I received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.
0,This is an incredible binder. It feels a little looser than other binders I have, but it stands up to abuse and doesn't drop the papers in it. The two pockets expand nicely and contract to hold their shape well. The cover is transparent and allows you to slide in your own cover and spine label. It's a little pricey though. I'm not sure if it will last through the vigorous day-to-day of work and school for a whole year, but if it does it will be worth it. For now, it's holding up well to daily use.
0,Good product
0,The calculator works fine, it will compensate any difficulties you have in math, or in any other subject u apply it to. In short I really like it, that's why I gave 4 stars rating, It will be a buck for your effort and your money.
0,First of all, this is a great unit that does everything it says it would do. At times, though, strange things occur with the printer which even 'til this day I'm not so sure what it's doing. When the printer is not being used but turned on, I'd hear these strange noises as if it's trying to do some self-maintanance.		The speed of it completing tasks is a little slower than I had anticipated, but it does the job and the software that came with it is easy to use.		Over all, I'd recommend this unit to anyone who wants a multifunctional printer without paying hundreds of dollars. Catch this unit during sales any time you can!
0,+1. They just work AND write smoothly!	+2. Good color selection.	+3. A lot cheaper than buying locally. A bonus!		- Nothing not to like:)!		Highly recommended!
0,Simple to use
0,great product
0,I have not seen tn ehese pens at any office supply store or other stores.  I gave some away to my nephew, sister, and niece and law and they liked pen since it is a 0.5 fine point.  The ink is a navy blue so it is good for work.  I am very happy with pens.
0,Seriously. These notebooks are by far my favorite out of anything that's out there. You can tell from the moment you touch the paper that the quality is top notch, and that's not just me, everyone who I've given a spare sheet to in college is always amazed at the quality. Worth every penny.
0,fast service product seems OK
0,The scanner works great. The quality is outstanding. Overall I am extremely pleased with the scanner.
0,Everything perfect-  thank you...  Ray Briggs
0,this ink worked fine for m yprinter! easy to install and great packaging! would order again
0,I love this calculator! it's super light-weight and cute and effective
0,Love the size
0,fit perfectly., excellent packaging
0,It was exactly what I needed, works great, affordable price, recieved quickly. Very happy with the product and a very happy customer.
0,Works. Seems kind of overpriced for what they are...but whatever.
0,Very similar to what I receive from my local bank. Good quality. Very convenient to have extra blank registers thereby eliminating driving to the bank (which seldom do thanks to electronic banking).
0,Black Arrows were the best but they are history.  After years of using various pencils I tried these.  They are a very close 2nd to the Black Arrows and will be my pencil of choice unless the Black Arrows come back.  They sharpen easily by hand, the points stay in place (unlike cheap pencils), and the price point is reasonable for the quality.
0,I was prepared to purchase another, name brand electric pencil sharpener when I decided to look one more time. Out of hundreds of reviews there were just too many with 1 or 2 stars on the one in my cart That's when I found Office Goods Electric and Battery Operated V-7. Not only did it have a higher over all review, it went on sale as I was reading! The V-7 has everything most people need in a pencil sharpener, a slim line, a solid base once the batteries are in place, it takes lead and colored pencils, 3 levels of sharpness (sharp, sharper and sharpest), runs on batteries or plugs in, and if all of this isn't enough it also has great people who back it up! This sharpener has put joy back in coloring! With the time I'm saving from manually sharpening all my pencils, I'm learning a new skill! Do I recommend this to others? Yes! I think every home with more than 1 person should have 2 of these! I'm buying another for my house, so I don't have to share mine!
0,It is working great . Not much problem at all with installation it was easy to set up. Since I got  the scanner installed  it is working great so far .  I just  have to learn how to use  it . Pictures come out beautifully , it prints well in black and  color . I bought it brand new . although I have bought  a used	printer before without issue .
0,I will buy from your company again because of the quality of the remanufactured ink cartridges and the affordability of it!! Thanks!!!
0,Pretty good pencils.  They color well and are durable in that they do not break or crumble.  The colors are nice as well.  I have used some better pencils that are softer and leave better color on the page, but they were much more expensive.  These are a good balance of price and use.
0,No problems so far, all the labels print clearly, but feel a bit flimsy.
0,Received the envelopes on schedule and they exactly as described.  Yes I would purchase again when the time comes.
0,I've been a professional photographer for many MANY moons!  Up until about 5 months ago, I used an Epson Workforce 600 printer as my everyday printer... for documents, and everyday photo printing.  For documents, it was an excellent printer.  It was also "good" for printing photos.  However for my important gallery photos, I use my Epson Stylus Pro 3880... a professional photo printer.  The problem with the Workforce 600 is that it used Durabrite ink, which is a pigment based ink. In the past, all pigment based ink had a problem with glossy paper called metamerism.  That's a property where the ink sits on TOP of the paper surface. The results were that when viewed under different lighting conditions the color appears to shift a little bit, and even caused "bronzing", especially in the blacks when viewed under spectral lighting. This effect was most noticable in black and white prints.  Also, when viewed at certain angles the images would appear less glossy and uneven when going from lighter colors, or clear, to dark colors... almost like a negative image!		My latest SMALL printer is the Epson Artisan 810 printer, which uses Claria ink... a dye based ink. No more bronzing or metamerism!  The glossy prints have an even gloss and truly look like regular photo prints from your local pro camera store!... some small drug store labs still give you prints with uneven gloss... or semi-gloss. Also, Claria ink adds two more colors, Light Magenta and Light Cyan which means that you get a potentially wider color gamut (depending on your color settings) than you do with the old Durabrite 4-color ink system.	The problems with pigment based inks have been pretty much eliminated, due to micro encapsulation of the ink droplets in the best pigment based inks. The encapsulation surrounds each droplet with a polymer, which almost completely eliminates their previous problems.  I am extremely happy with this color pack not just because it saves money over buying the cartridges individually, but also because it uses Claria ink!
0,good value
0,My sister brought this pen and experienced no problems, she is currently requesting more, Lol.		5/5 Rate
0,This is my review for the following product:		Paint Pens by Beric | 12 pack | Oil-based Marker | Medium Point | Writes on Almost Anything | Water and Sun Resistant | Vibrant Colors | Low Odor | Long Lasting | Fast Drying | Assorted Colors.		I've used these paint pens on my carved wooden plaques.  The application is easy and the colors are delightful.  I can't wait to use them on other craft projects.		PLEASE NOTE:	This product was purchased at a discount in return for my honest and unbiased review.	Any feedback  is based on my personal experience with the product and not influenced by any other review.	I am not affiliated with this company or its products.	My review reflects the product at its full sale price.	If this review was helpful to you, please click the "yes" button . . . Thank you!!
0,Worked great.
0,Very good product.
0,bought for granddaughter and she loves them
0,This replaced a similar piece that was made of cardboard.  I don't think we'll have to replace this one anytime soon.  Love that the shelves are adjustable and that it's so well made.  Thanks!
0,better than calligraphy marker,i haven't seen these in 30 years. awesome
0,Bought these posts to help with expanding my scrapbooks.  The different sizes re fantastic when trying to get them the right depth. To much makes the book flop and to little just doesn't work! These will it the bill.
0,Very well made and quite professional looking.  This is not a "soft" portfolio but rather firm and stiff- just what I was wanting. it looks very professional and seems to be well made.  Only negative thing I can say about it is they needed to make the pen holder larger.  Still, it's a keeper.
0,I am u sing this in my car to listen to my Kindle on the radio.  I like them f fabric covering, seems more sturdy.  I am very happy with my purchase!
0,Absolutely love these pens! I got some of the ball point pens from Inkjoy and they skipped and glopped so I was reluctant to buy these. I was told the gel ones were better so I gave them a try. I am so glad I did! Great quality. Fun, vibrant colors. They write very smoothly.
0,The kids love this calculator, and so do I.
0,These are both inexpensive and sturdy enough for purposed use. They are uniform in shape and will last me a lifetime. I only wrap pocket change every few weeks.
0,This is the perfect home safe for me.  It is solid but, light enough to place on shelving. There is plenty of room inside to place most of your small valuables, handguns, ammo, money, jewels and other items.
0,I replaced my office chair wheels with these when I noticed the new, expensive plastic floor protector mat that was made to protect hardwood floors was actually scratching the wood finish. These wheels are a less expensive, look better, work better, and the mat can now be used under the bird cage.
0,excellent
0,Sticks well
0,Highly rated in the March 2017 Consumer Reports magazine; Easiest WIFI setup I have ever done; Easy to add additional computers to the printer; HP ink $4.99 a month (plus tax) program seems to be a good deal; Overall very pleased with everything about this ink jet printer/scanner.		Replaces Brother Laser printer that would shut off and require manually turning it back on to print.
0,Nice and well made.  Just what I was looking for.
0,Very sticky.  Exactly what I needed for a project.
0,Product was as listed works well
0,Very good quality  fair priced
0,great notebook
0,2 tpes of sharp is better. does not break tips often. cleans easy.
0,UNIQUE & PRETTY!
0,This is our second Epson printer, and we couldn't be happier with the Epson brand. A true workhorse. This Epson WorkForce WF-2750 All-in-One Wireless Color Printer prints fast. The fastest non-laser printer I've seen. The 150 sheet paper capacity is a welcome upgrade over our other Epson compact printer. It is so annoying to interrupt a task to refill the paper tray. 150 sheets means that interruption comes far less often.		PC-free printing is another convenient feature. No more, "go turn on the computer" if you need to print some little something (or some big something). Print from any computer in the house, your phone, laptop, etc.		The matte black finish is quite attractive, and the compact design is elegant, so you can essentially put the printer in any room in your house and it will look good there.		This printer will meet all your needs.
0,These are great pens.... the gel ink flows very smoothly. I'd say it about a size 10 nib. Thick, but then I never have to go over a line twice. Great pens! I'll buy again when I get low.
0,Great.  They write on everything I have tried.
0,Good for the price		Effective and highly efficient. I could be happier with the price and the quality that I am receiving from this toner brand. My advice is, why not give it a try. In the long run you are going to save a lot of money. Trust me, you will love this toner.
0,GREAT product. Great weight! Holding up very well. I love it. Makes the desk look so nice!
0,Simple and cheap mouse pad I had a glass desk and was using a book as a mouse pad but this mouse pad works way better.  I have spilled a lot of water and other liquids and was thankful it doesn't hold water.  Its still in tip top condition and is still holding up great.
0,Love them
0,I really like this set of fountain pens.	First, they are very cheap; second, all colors are beautiful; and the last, they are very easy to write with.	I also bought the "LIHIT LAB Pen Case", and it is perfect to store these colorful fountain pens.	Overall, I am very happy with this purchase, and it is well worth the five stars rating!	I have included few photos for you to look at the details of the product.		To sum up, I listed some Pros and Cons below.	Pros:	1. Very well-made cheap fountain pens.	2. The product price is reasonable.	3. Very easy to write, and all colors are beautiful.	4. 7 different colors in the package		Cons:	1. Hope they are fine-sized nids rather than medium-sized.		[...] Thank you very much =)
0,I only make 8x10 prints, so I would not even have looked at this printer, except I was looking for one for my sister--something simple, something that did not need to be hooked up to their computer. (The last thing we hooked up to her PC crashed their AOL. Her husband was not pleased!)		I've also never owned an Epson, but this one could not be beat. As I write this, there is no other 4x6 printer that compares to this one in costs.  You get prints for 29 cents each.  And they are waterproof. The printer itself is simple to use; my 9-year-old nephew figured out how to make prints just from reading the screen info.  It also has a nice handle, so you can just take it with you on vacation or to other houses for holidays or parties.  As stated, it does not need a computer.  It reads cards, and has PictBridge; so, all PictBridge cameras can be connected to it.		The only problem I saw with it was it cropped the top of a picture by itself, which left someone a bit headless. But that may be something easily adjusted. Actually, this printer is too new right now to know if it has any major flaws.  It seems to me it's always the users and not the editorial reviewers who actually discover most flaws in products.		If it has no flaws, however, as I said, it cannot be beat by any other 4x6 printer right now.  Independent studies by Wilhelm Imaging Research even show the photos from this printer should last 104 years!  Thus, it is truly the perfect printer for families or anyone else who make nothing but 4x6 prints, and lots of them!
0,These are the very best Sheet protectors I have ever used.  They are equal in value to some that I have paid a lot more for.  They are strong  enough to hold up to long term use, and you can't beat the price.
0,I have been working my way through phones for my husband who has significant hearing loss.  Finally, this covers all bases.  Great volume range, plus you may get text if the caller's conversation (via wifi connection).  This requires that you register the person who needs the phone with the FCC, and that only that person use the text function.  This is free service by the FCC and has proved very helpful.		The phone is also a full function item - phonebook with extensive entries possible, missed caller listing, search and redial, and straight-forward menus.  It is a land-line phone.
0,I've had problems with compatibles in the past.  Getting good results with this one. Great price
0,Handy
0,Purchased these for a birthday present, and they were greatly appreciated by the artist.
0,I have used this style of calendar for at least 10 years. It is so much easier to purchase through Amazon and is competitively priced. I had an excellent experience.
0,Good
0,Great product.
0,They work great and I like that the pack includes extra clips for extra markers, which I can clip into their board frames
0,I love it that I can find these on Amazon. The stores the i got them in for years do not carry them any more. They eliminate paper cuts on the tongue or having to get a sponge and wet it if you just want to grab an envelope and go.
0,Great teacher find. Works well with the ProClick hole puncher.
0,Works well . The only problem was when brand new it had quite a rubbery odor and I had to put it out in the garage for a week to air out. Now it is fine.
0,I will buy this again. I am an awful writer and with larger mm pens I can't read my free hand notes, but these are much smaller than I am accustomed to. I usually use pilot V5, but I will use this from now on. The retractable part is a plus and the moveable pen hanger thing works great. I used to loose the caps to the V5 getting them lost in my scrubs or somewhere on the floor but now it will be harder to loose the entire pen. Furthermore people don't use juice so you can tell who borrowed your pen. I haven't had it leak on me and I hope it does't happen, I am about 2/3 the way through my first pen.
0,I needed a basic calculator, so I bought several of these and they work as expected.
0,Perfect addition to our at home library!
0,These mechanical pencils have made me give up regular pencils. The lead in these have never broken on me. So simple, no fuss, always sharp. Okay, someone did complain about having to twist the tip to extend the lead instead of clicking the top. Not something that I consider a drawback. I bought a box of 36 because it was so cheap. I want to thank those who described how to replace the lead, good to know.
0,AS DESCRIBED, VERY GOOD QUALITY
0,They're prismacolors, of course they're great!  Nice sized tin fits perfectly in my backpack.
0,Good product.
0,I just received this product and so far I'm impressed.		Nice size--not too big to fit next to a keyboard sitting on an under-desk sliding shelf.		Looks good.		Works great.  NO perceptible friction at all.  And certainly no sound or grating feeling as some others have noticed.  I don't know what they are experiencing--maybe a mouse-bottom surface that doesn't agree with the very slightly textured surface.  FWIW, I'm using a Logitech M705 mouse and it slides 100X better on this surface than it did on the keyboard tray.		I think the sticky under-surface, much like a post-it note, or magic tape, is brilliant.  It remains to be seen how often you can peel and stick the mouse though.  At a shipped cost of $7, if it lasts a year I'll be happy to purchase another.		The claim of up to 75% increased battery life may or may not be hyperbole--I don't really have a problem with battery life in general, so any improvement is just gravy.		I'm ordering another one for my wife right now.  At this price point I consider it's an excellent value.
0,Satisfied
0,It is what it is. The word requirement is ludicrous. I've said what I want to say. three two one
0,Absolutely perfect in every way. Very happy with this item.
0,I love the material this wrist rest is made of. I wish they made this exact wrist rest in a keyboard-length version, but I haven't found this exact product in that size yet. I use it for my Apple Magic Trackpad 2, and it supports my wrist very well. It isn't flimsy like other gel wrist rests, and I don't anticipate it ripping or otherwise becoming compromised anytime soon.
0,i own a couple of these are vvery good
0,Very smooth and very visible blue ink.  Simply great pens!
0,Fits right in with set.
0,Incredible value and very accurate. It's a bit clumsy though where the power cord is plugged into the device. It makes it wrap around the unit. Were it plugged into the other side this would not be an issue.
0,I use to buy dozens of bic mechanical pencils 0.7mm but not anymore. The Pentel has smooth writing and a good grip. If you like to draw or write this would be an ideal pencil.
0,What I needed
0,Got this as a replacement for the pencil cup what can I say it holds your trusty No 2.
0,Attractive colors, sturdy pens and lightweight--highly recommended for those who like or want a very fine point porous pen.
0,VERY INKY!
0,I use these markers for coloring Atlatl targets that I draw for competition. They last a long time.
0,This planner is a great planner. I love the cardboard look of the front and the set up inside. The colors are a nice watercolor, and the months are different colors, so it is easy to find what you are looking for in the planner.		Each month has a full month view, and then a weekly view with lots of room to write what is going on for the week. I plan on using this to do some general lesson planning for my classroom in 2016. There is also an extra month at the end of the year for those of us who never really get their planners in time and a holidays list in the back to track those important dates!
0,Variety of colored inks.  Good for writing and art projects.
0,Very pretty.
0,Very nice mouse pad, I don't use it for gaming but the surface is designed for that, it's really smooth and slick, all I know is it's much better than my old one, I like the size too since it gives me extra room to move mouse around when I need to drag it for highlighting text, capturing pics when you need to drag mouse to expand the capture window, you won't run out of space or playing PCH Sweepstakes money drop games or the ones where you have to click on cash in the money booth, just anything where you need space to move the mouse this pad provides that plus it's a nice blue with stars design, am pleased with my purchase!
0,Work perfectly with my dymo labeler.
0,Adjustable from very short to medium.  It creates a very sturdy tip.  Works well - no tips breaking.  This is the first sharpener that gives my pencils an angle that I like.  Most sharpeners create these extremely long thin delicate tips that will break if you look at them too hard.  Relatively compact size considering the adjustable functionality.  I keep one of these in my travel bags.		Yes, will buy another.
0,I can't believe what a great deal I got on these, as they were a prime add-on item, and they're my favorite color too! I use one per class, although some classes I could have probably doubled up on, and use sharpie to write my class info on the front covers. These have the perforations I need, the pocket sizes seem to have been revamped so that they actually fit a piece of paper, and it is college ruled. What more could you ask for?	The only thing I don't like about these, and it's a super stupid nit picky thing, is that the front covers have this really fine texture, so my sharpie markings bled and rubbed off a bit which they don't do on smoother covers.
0,I use tabs all the time, and absolutely love these...strong adhesion, yet easy to remove...they're the best I've ever used!
0,This is actually a pretty fun book.  It looks really nice in person as well. I bought it in 2012 and have only added wines and labels that I LOVE and/or that we had on a special occasion. It is fun and easy to fill out the pages, even if you don't know much about wine like me. The pages are nice and do not smudge when you write on them.
0,Great card!  My son enjoyed it on his birthday.
0,fine
0,Arrived on time and as described.
0,It's lead there's not much to like or dislike.
0,Great.
0,Q & A states that this binder can hold up to 800 papers and I am here to state that this binder can hold double that!!! I bought this binder for an ala carte edition text book that I purchased that was 794 pages. I worried this might be too small according to the Q&A. Boy was I surprised when I could fit two of my text books into this binder and still have room to flip the pages. This binder is HUGE and durable and easy on the bank account, what more can a girl ask for?
0,We bought this after filling up the 2016 calendar we received as a Christmas gift last year. It's become an essential tool in our house to keep our family of four's schedules straight. Love it!
0,well made and should last a long time
0,Very cute envelopes and worked great for my daughters 5x7 invitations.  They were made of great paper and held up very nicely with shipping.
0,Great Item. Will order again. Thank you!
0,excellent pens at a great price
0,<div id="video-block-R1E4VWHY4C25AM" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D1ebFT8qkMS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/9140EWzkIeS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;It works for all the kids and all the tests!	So, our kiddo needed this for the SAT tests and for	classes. Then our second kiddo needed one too!	We checked the website for the SAT and the ACT to be	sure that this was one of the accepted calculators and it is.	This works for STAT class as well as Math.	It is light weight so you are not adding to the already heavy	teenagers back pack. It comes with a cover to protect it while	it is bouncing around in the backpack and It comes charged and	ready to go.	The only thing that would make this whole package perfect is a	small drawstring bag to keep the charger and cables in.	This is exactly what we needed!
0,Not sure why anyone would buy this reader. If you download the app and complete the registration the square company will send you one for free. Love the reader itself. Great way to get tips while ubering.
0,Arrived quickly! Great Bargain!~
0,These pens are awesome for those who write small or have big brass ones and do math with a pen - they write smooth and the ink doesn't smudge, however, every now and then they have trouble writing on the color printouts from the company laser printer.		I will buy another box as soon as I go though these, and another box after that, and another box after that, and another box after that, and another box after that, and another box after that, and another box after that, and another box after that, and another box after that, and another box after that, and another box after that, and another box after that, and another box after that, and another box after that, and another box after that, and another box after that, and another box after that, and another box after that, and another box after that, and another box after that, and another box after that, and another box after that, and another box after that, and another box after that, and another box after that, and another box after that... you get the idea
0,Good
0,Always good to save some money on paper. good quality.
0,Great book, but tiny! Make sure you have a clear idea of the size when you purchase it. (I didn't pay attention to the dimensions listed) It could fit in a back pocket...
0,Remember the feel of a really nice wood pencil? The smooth slide of the lead across paper? Then these are for you. Sure they may cost a bit more then bulk yellow pencils, however, you're getting what you pay for here.
0,I bought these for use in my workshop. I do segmented turning and other woodwork.		Even though I read the specs and knew what I was ordering, it was still a surprise.  A huge box with equally big rubber bands.  These are tough, thick and wide.  That's a big plus (pardon the bad pun).  So the photo gives and idea of how big the rubber bands are.  Likewise the box.  Hope this helps.  Thanks for looking.
0,Used these for decades, these still serve my purpose very well. Tiny (size of a credit-card), they fit inside my tri-fold wallet. Perfect for hard-copy Address/PhoneNos AND/OR Account/Passwords. (Note, for security, code or abbreviate your PW's). HOWEVER almost unavailable, sold individually they are often overpriced. Order several at once to reduce or eliminate shipping costs. They should be sold as a six-pack for a basic price. See "At-A-Glance" website. I hope these remain available.
0,Did the Job....
0,Big, refillable, opens & shuts easily, but keeps ink moist... that's the ticket.
0,A reasonable price replacement that actually works.  So far no complaints but this is a low use printer.  I would buy it again.
0,Does exactly what it is suppose to do.
0,Anyone who owns a Canon printer knows two things: it's a great printer; the ink is costly.  But whatever the cost, this is the best bargain I found online.  Ink for Canons is relatively expensive, but worth the price when you have such good printing results.
0,Bought 2 sets for my wooden file cabinets as the original hangers kept falling apart and dropping my files.  These hangers solved my problems and is sturdier than the original hangers !
0,XL cartridges are the best value
0,Came in promptly and worked well with my Cross pen. Satisfied; will buy more as needed.
0,This is a very effective stapler.  Very light.  Easy to handle, i.e., pressing the stapler requires a very light squeez for several sheets, i.e., 6 or less sheets.  Easy to load. Small and does not take much space.
0,I've become obsessed with organizing papers. We keep all our personal documents in one, homeschool papers and lessons in two others, and I want more for other organizing in our house. This holds up well to lots of weight, just make sure it's securely closed when you pick it up, or your papers are all over the floor.
0,Good pen. Writes well, very fine point.
0,good paper just inough thickness nice pastel colors prints nicely
0,great
0,Received it in one day and they work well! They came with plastic tabs to put on each folder and also labels to put in them. Great purchase and the cheapest around!
0,I bought four boxes of 100 sets for the company I work for. They were packaged well enough by the seller and arrived very quickly. They are true to the picture, manila coloured, 100 count, right/ left/ middle label tabs, paper sized. So far they have been easy to use and durable for use of storing files and fitting in employee records in our standard size filing cabinets. Would purchase again for the price and recommend to others.
0,The phones integrate quite well. We've been using them for almost two years now and haven't had any issues. Overall a pretty good all around system. Only thing that really bothers me is the display especially in light and from certain angles. Can be annoying so knocked off a star there.
0,I read many reviews and looked at online sources and Sakura Gelly Roll was always mentioned s  freat item to use for adult coloring. I bought several of the Packs and they are worth it. The white pen I've used a few times and it's great!  I didn't have bleed through on my adult coloring book. I use it for accents and if I want a bright white on the page. I think dry time is reasonibly fast. I am adding more Sakura Products each week.
0,Great price on an office must have
0,MY DESK IS NOW COMPLETE FOR MY TAPE HAS ITS VERY OWN SCOTCH DISPENSER!
0,Works great!  Thanks.
0,Great notebook comparable to more expensive options. Will definitely be ordering more! Love the yellow color!
0,Excellent
0,I've owned this printer for about 6 months now.		The Good: color laser, quality is great, wireless scanning to Mac and Windows, and wireless printing from Mac, Windows, and iphone/ipad. It also has ability to print via email but i never used that feature.		The Not so Good: you get what you pay for... startup time is kind of long and loud, as is the "prep process" that the unit does before each job. Occasionally, printing a PDF document from my iPhone causes the printer to lock up and require a hard reboot. Printing to non-standard paper size is a pain, as you have to manually press "ok" on the printer after printing each page (even though i set the correct paper size on the computer, the printer kept saying "unexpected paper size"). Additionally, initial setup and then subsequent installation on any Windows PC's requires you to connect the PC to the printer via USB (but after that it works wirelessly). Once the printer is on the network, Mac installation does not require USB cable.		Conclusion: For around $300 (i paid $299 at Staples back in May 2012) its a great deal. Of course, like all printers these days, you pay for it in the ink/toner... and i do recommend HP toner over the cheaper knock-offs, which i have tried and don't work as well. I haven't yet purchased toner, but will soon. If you need a printer for everyone in the house to share, this is the one to get. Just keep in mind that it will probably last 2-3 years.
0,LOVE these pens best of all.  Can't say enough about how much I love these.  Make every other pen seem worthless.
0,This is a lot of staples and I am sure I will have enough for a long time into the future. Very cheap price point and works in my basic standard stapler.
0,Amazing thank you very helpful! Highly recommended!		Renee (Rivki) Silverberg	Author of Understanding Children and Families with Autism Spectrum Disorders		http://www.amazon.com/Understanding-Children-Families-Spectrum-Disorders/dp/1622127269/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1418769206&sr=1-1&keywords=understanding+children+and+families+with+autism+spectrum+disorders
0,as expected
0,One of the most beautiful inks out there. Definitely lived up to the hype.
0,I prefer bottled ink for my pens and this allows the use of said ink to be perfect. Love being able to use whatever ink I want.
0,needed for art work, works great in small areas
0,no problems.
0,Derwent is one of my favorites. The colors are different from many other sets on the market, and they are of very good quality.	The Coloursoft by Derwent is another excellent pencil.
0,very good very fast thank you I like it
0,It works great for chemistry.
0,Works great
0,works
0,LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE. We ordered these for our nontraditional guest book (we used a plank of wood) at our wedding. All the colors worked and were vibrant against the dark wood. Even the younger kids who wrote using these were able to write easily and clearly. I can't wait to use these for future art projects!
0,It's glue, it's sticky.
0,These were nice calculators, but how many times do I have to evaluate this item. Enough already!
0,I go through a lot of post-it notes at work, and these are just the right size for a quick note. Just note that these are smaller than the regular 3x3 post it notes.
0,Best glue ever, I enjoy using it. Much better than glue sticks which don't always work and if it does, you always have to super careful you don't end up scratching excess white paste off whatever you have tried to seal. I may also have an addiction to office supplies, so that should also be noted when reading this. But on the upside, an addiction to office supplies is a surefire way to know I know what I'm talking about here right?
0,Excellent quality&price; just received so I haven't used a lot, but so far looks very good and cannot see any difference to original manufacturer's ink.
0,I love it.
0,We use this for sitting on the couch and eating while watching TV or for my son to sit and color. It has so many uses. We just keep it in the living room and use it everyday.
0,cleans printer rollers well easy to use recommend to any one to help keep printer working good excellent path clean
0,Works great
0,great pens!
0,It works!
0,Saves a lot of time in not having to run things two or three times in order to be accurate without the tape. The unit works well, does taxes perfectly,and at a relatively low cost.  The directions were quite lacking, but I found data on the internet to substitute for missing factory instructional details.  I would buy another if needed.  Thank you.
0,Always a little hard ordering markers online. Shipped out with great time, and arrived in good condition. However the color was a bit lighter than I was expecting. Still a great marker and I will use it, but it's very similar to Sky Blue (it's slightly brighter and has a hint more green). I was actually buying this in hopes of it being darker than Sky Blue. But still a great product.
0,Perfect 1/3 of the price for Staples!!
0,performed as expected
0,Can't whine.  This wall stop has saved the wall in the garage from having holes.  Recommend
0,good quality
0,works as expected seems accurate
0,We use it to hold all the dry erase markers for work.  Its a cute little cup with plenty of room to hold a variety of markers.
0,Since Lamy Safari and Al-Star pens don't come with converters, and they are my favorite every day carry pens, it's great to be able to get the converters to have on hand at a lower price than buying individually.  Nothing worse than ordering a new pen, getting it and realizing you forgot to order the converter. I know, I know ... first world problems ... but still ...
0,I buy these for cruises. I almost always lose them between one cruise an the next. They are great. You can fit several credit cards and some cash in them without problems. The ID card that the cruise ship gives fits in them as well. Because it is water proof and around your neck you can swim without worries of losing it. There is also no worry about pick pockets with it tucked into your shirt. A great investment for water events and the beach.
0,I received this cartridge quickly, at the same time I received the laser printer. It's nice to have the backup cartridge and not be in the middle of something printing and having to leave and get a new one.
0,As adveritsed
0,WORKS A LONG TIME
0,It is everything I expected and wanted. Easy to use and it works like a champ!
0,I love these trays! I bought four (two for each of my classrooms--pink, yellow, green, & blue), and I love that they are vibrant and stand out against the boring walls in my classroom. While they aren't advertised as such, these trays DO stack very well, which makes it easier to save space using them.	The construction is good for the price, they look lovely, and they get the job done in a fun way. Highly recommended.
0,We love these pencils! The colors are wonderful to have, making it much easier for everyone in my family to create drawings that look like real human beings. The only downside is their size; I've been sharpening ours with a knife since we don't have an adjustable sharpener to do the work for us.
0,One of my go-to writing utensils that feels great in my hand and always writes well.  Will purchase from seller again.
0,Just what we needed.
0,Love these pens!  Nib glides over paper with ease.  Ink-ready at all times.  Thicker barrel than some pens.  Well balanced.
0,This is the coolest pen/pencil/paintbrush leather roll that I have ever seen!  Okay, I have never seen a roll, but this is cool! I put in the pens that I would be using and I got the roll soaking wet, to form it to those shapes, and it is perfect. I even carved a little symbol on it that is mine.
0,I bought 2 and they make my mobile office extremely organized!
0,Lovely pencils, almost as nice as the blackwing, very dark and smooth. My everyday writing pencil.
0,I like to put my feet up while I game so this was a good idea. Though with some wood and fabric you can easily make your own.
0,Nice color!
0,Product was as described on Amazon. It served the purpose. I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a good value proposition.
0,Fast shipping and very helpful
0,As advertised
0,these are beautiful pens....bold, etc.  just great.
0,Will buy again
0,I've got psoriatic arthritis, and the middle finger of my right hand is almost twice the size it should be. Obviously, writing is a challenge. These pens are excellent!  I went for a test drive the other day and completed four large crossword puzzles in a row. No problem!  I really love the Center of gravity model.  The only complaint I have is that you can't get gel ink for the Center of gravity, but it does come in an automatic pencil. The Dr. Grip is basically the G2 Pilot refill, but isn't available in bold. (1.7) However, these pens and making writing a whole lot more comfortable so I really can't complain!
0,I received these free from 3m to review and was not disappointed. The quality and  colors are great.
0,Excellent!!
0,as described
0,I love this stuff I tore out some paneling in a trailer to redo wiring and used this to cover back over then just put some racing stickers on it and it looks great with just white tape on the seams . Fast easy cheap way to fix a ugly mess in a 35 year old trailer that had paneling and needing new wiring . The paneling where it wasn't ripped up supported this fine it is legitimate  posterboard . Not real heavy but good enough just under shoebox thickness .	 I used hot glue to fasten it to the old paneling . Very cost effective but has to be used in a dry area . Would be great for putting printed photos on then framing .
0,Better than $ store....work great
0,They work. Nothing fancy. You get what you pay for.
0,Can't go wrong with genuine Brother products.  Do yourself a favor and avoid the generics.  You'll be happier in the long run.
0,Does the job
0,Better than expected
0,These markers are becoming more and more difficult to obtain, so I was quite happy to find them on Anazon.com.  I've used them for many years for different purposes.  They are indelible as laundry markers and don't bleed or fade in the wash.  I also use them to personalize my golf balls.
0,Pleasantly surprised with the simplicity and effectiveness of this mousepad. It's got adhesive, so you can reapply to different surfaces. It's super thin, yet somehow, super-effective! Imagine that
0,good
0,Love this label-writer. Makes life easier for sure. Plus no ink cost!
0,I've gotten sick of the coiled spring style door stops. The springs fail and they look cheap and very 1950s. These, on the other hand, look great and are plenty strong enough to last decades.
0,I've seen some knock-off faceplates that tried a leopard print, and failed.  Palm's version is the best I've seen, though I feel like I could design a better print.  At any rate, it's the wildest faceplate Palm makes (in my opinion) and that was enough for me to buy it and like it.  This faceplate has also received more compliments than others because of its striking originality, so wear it when you want to dress to impress.  :)
0,JinHao makes excellent pens, and I have several.  Too, I've given them to my Grandchildren in hopes of getting them to practice their penmanship.
0,works for me!
0,precise, doesn't bleed through delicate paper.
0,Works as advertised - very good product.
0,Used these to send out invitations to HS Reunion.  Looked nice and Professional.
0,I've been looking for the "ideal" pen for a long, long, time.  I won't go so far as to say these are the "ideal," but they have answered one question for me: fountain pens are where it's at - at least for me.  An excellent instrument for people who still practice the ancient art of cursive handwriting - ink flows nicely, the tip scratches the paper, etching one's words into the paper with a satisfying permanence.  I now know that fountain pens are the pens for me.
0,Smooth sharpening. Fine point. Convenient and easy to empty. Great addition to my colored pencil setup.
0,This was great
0,Wow. This is a really nice little journal. The paper is well secured and heavy. The leather is soft and pliable, but still thick enough to be protective and it looks great. The closure is also well secured. Much better than I expected for the price.
0,Just as expected it to be.
0,I love this set.....		You receive a total of 48 pens and there are no duplicate colors like with other sets. This set contains 12 metallic pens, 12 chalk pastel pens, 12 neon pens, and 12 glitter pens.		The pens have the standard 0.8mm fine tip that glides like butter and they are non-toxic. The pens are perfect for adult coloring books, card making, or stationary. Basically anything your heart can imagine, you can do it with these vibrant gel pens.		The pens come in a snap closure case that is perfect for storage and the little ones can easily pop them in and out of the case and then snap the case closed and can take them anywhere. My daughter is 17 and she absolutely loves them for her coloring books and I used them for scrapbooking and card making. Just about every color to match any card that I can create.		I received this item free since I am a nation wide product tester and my opinion is true and unbiased.
0,These pencils are a wonderful bargain and I am very happy with them.
0,not all the flaps match up evenly, but serves its purpose
0,Great Product!
0,These work better for writing than coloring, except to fill tiny spaces where markers are too wide.
0,I love this paper.  I purchased it to use for printing digital scrapbook embellishments/papers.  It's much heavier than traditional copy paper, but lighter than card stock.  It's a nice, bright white, very nice smooth texture and gives great image results.  I'm very pleased.
0,Good postcards...wish they was more variety in the recipes and different types of recipes.
0,I purchased this paper mostly for homeschool printing for things that needed a thicker paper for my kids. I had previously used a different brand but since the Office Depot/Max merge they no longer carry it so I decided to try this Neenah Exact Vellum Bristol paper.		The paper is a nice bright white with a nice quality feeling to it. It prints up very well on my Canon Ink Jet printer and I have had no mis-feed issues. Next time I need more of this type of paper, I'll place an order again.		I purchased this paper at full price and my review is my true and honest opinion. I have received no compensation for this review.
0,The pencils were well packaged and arrived quickly. I love them; there's no two colors alike even tho the shades are close and I am enjoying coloring with them. They are smooth and lay down well, thank you.
0,The install went pretty smooth, the color of the ink is vibrant. I can't say more other than it did exactly what it is supposed to..
0,this is for my new pen -&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Schrade-Tactical-Pen-2nd-Generation-Rainbow/dp/B0041OEBHY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Schrade Tactical Pen 2nd Generation Rainbow</a>&nbsp;. my memory of gel was that they skipped and i stayed with rollerball ink refills. but this one is fine. nice flow, no skips. cheap too. recommended.		(great for crossword puzzles. easier to see than pencil and you can still write over it with black.)
0,The very best for grading papers, love the fun colors!
0,Good Price but does not last to long.
0,I use a lot of sticky notes in my job and home life, and I like the fact that these are the only ones I've seen  made out of recycled paper. They have a less slick surface texture and a more matte finish than the usual sticky note, but they are a good quality paper which is easy to write on. Except for the fact that they are more muted shades and a more matte finish, they are indistinguishable from other sticky notes. And they have box tops on the package, so you may find that an added bonus.
0,This pen is remarkably heavy and well-made for its price. The detail on the nib is gorgeous. I don't find it writes quite as smoothly as I would like, but it's pretty good and I enjoy using it. Note that you can use it both with and without a cartridge. (I didn't realize that.)
0,I found this ink easy to dispense and a good color - not too bright, but not too close to black either.  It's permanent, so take care not to smear it on things.		I understand that this ink is somewhat toxic, so be careful with it.
0,I'm reluctant to admit how much I use and like these. Nice colors, and I love the fact that they're translucent.
0,I'm a web designer, and although most of my work is digital, I do like to sketch and have to take notes regularly while discussing projects with my project manager / art directors. I have so far made 2 desks more efficient and cut my paper use to almost nothing with this stuff. I can sketch, write notes, doodle, and stick memos to my heart's content. For important notes, I'll just take a snapshot with my phone or write it in wet erase marker and wipe everything else away when I move on to the next project. I thought I might end up covered in dry erase marker with this kind of setup, but I'm not at all. I'm sketching more, working faster, and feeling so much freer than I did locked into the 8x11 box of a conventional notebook.		These are also GREAT for planning gardens / landscaping. I've been planning this year's vegetable garden on my desk at home.
0,I'm a lefty and I love these pens.
0,Immediate shipping, great price.... perfect transaction, THANK YOU!! :)
0,This laptop stand is great! I love that it's mesh like so it doesn't make my laptop hot. Fits great on my desk as well! Thank you!
0,As advertised-- very ergonomic shape and comfortable to hold, consistent effortless flow of ink onto the page, retractable to protect tip and keep ink out of the inside of a shirt pocket etc, very good value for money.  For some reason it has been difficult to get good pens with blue ink but it looks as if these will do the job nicely.  The ink is said to last a long time but I won't know about that for a while.
0,Purchased as a gift to replace loose leaf style which was difficult for arthritic fingers and was always falling apart. Used for dad with alzheimer's who tends to rip of days at a time thinking it is that day. Attempting to have him try to check his Casio wave ceptor watch and wall/desk clock from Walmart before ripping day off. Only the beginning of the year so a wait n see.
0,This is a pretty card with a lovely sentiment I was proud to send to a dear friend.  There is a lace cutout effect of  butterflies and blossoms which makes it especially nice for spring birthdays.  The gold really gives it a look of quality and luxury and the pink is such a pretty feminine shade.  The verse is great for a friend who is especially kind and helpful.  The envelope is plain white and extra postage is required.
0,It solved my problem and im back in business for cheap. My laser printer is printing again.
0,Almost perfect!  I use it often and do not expect it to last long.
0,so so
0,After trying unsuccessfully to use a cordless phone, this 87 year old is happy to have this one to call my friends.  I am very pleased with the purchase.
0,just what I needed
0,We love it!
0,great value
0,For the price an excellent product. They appear to be durable and should withstand the trials of the postal service handling.
0,Much needed post-it notes!
0,Great folders with a unique color palette.
0,I used this product after having it for a year, it worked well with sublimation ink.  Follow the directions included with the paper.  Here's a sample I used sublimation ink in my ciss system.  I can't speak on the wash, yet as this was a display shirt.  The colors were vibrant in the picture.  The lettering is vinyl, however, the fire symbol is with this product on dark cotton.
0,great product and great value.  Saves me from having to lug it home from a local store and the price is better, too.  This is true Hammerhill paper
0,I have had my epson R2400 printer for a little over 4 years.  I love the printer & the ink is exceptional.  I always get wonderful prints.  I highly recommend the product.
0,great little marker
0,Nice for work. Would love it if they were in different colors. But are happy with the delivery and use.
0,Cute. Funny. Everyone in the office makes copies or takes one to give it out
0,Best Sharpener Ever!
0,Works great, easy to hang.
0,great price and fast shiping
0,I have a logitech Mx5500 Bluetooth Mouse and Keyboard - The keyboard already has a bit of a wrist rest, but its not significant.  I picked this up to sit behind it and provide the support.  It's a nice gel rest and I like the feel.. not too stiff like the older foam, and not too squishy.		the backing is a smooth plastic that may have a little suction quality, but I may add some 2 sided tape to keep it in position.  It has a tendency to creep on me.
0,I'd prefer the 2 inch because it seems to accommodate various report size thickness.  I'll just keep these on hand for smaller jobs.
0,I love scanners.		Years back I gave up on keeping a physical file cabinet, and began scanning all incoming bills, receipts, etc.  Our&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Fujitsu-ScanSnap-S1500M/dp/B001XWCQO2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Fujitsu ScanSnap S1500M</a>&nbsp;sheet-fed scanner has been great for this kind of high-volume work.		Before we switched to all digital cameras, we built up a pretty good collection of shoe boxes full of print photos, too.  Our&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Canon-CanoScan-9000F/dp/B003JQLHEA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Canon CanoScan 9000F</a>&nbsp;flatbed scanner has handled the conversion of these photos with aplomb.		There was a gap in our scanners' feature sets that I didn't even realize until we recieved this piQx -- scanning bound pages.  In past, those few bound documents that I wanted to scan I had to do either destructively (e.g., cutting the pages of a product manual apart to feed through the sheet-fed scanner) or painstakingly with the flatbed scanner.  This piQx works far better -- it essentially takes a digital photo of a book's pages from a height of around a foot, and the intelligent software removes image artifacts (like FINGERS!) and straightens and un-skews the image to create a clean PDF.		While I don't have nearly as many bound documents (books, magazines, manuals) that I need or want to scan, this does make short work of them far more conveniently than my previous approaches.  Want to grab a recipe out of a cooking magazine for digital storage?  Easy as can be.  Want to make a digital copy of sheet music out of a collection?  No problem.		Highly recommended.
0,Worked for my needs. Hopefully it lasts.
0,Very nice.
0,Fits the purpose, love the colors arrived as expected.
0,I love the bold print. Best for my eyes.
0,First of all, in my opinion this is the best resume paper you can buy. It has good texture, it looks beautiful and text prints on it very nicely. I have purchased this paper before but compared to local retailers I could not beat the price (and free two day shipping because I am an Amazon Prime member). The Paper was delivered brand new as described and on time. My only complaint is that there is an open "window" section on the product packaging to allow you to see and touch the product, but that "window" allowed a small light mark (from the packaging I guess) to mar the first page of the paper. Other than that everything was great, I would not hesitate to order this product from this seller and Amazon again!
0,Works great on my work desk and ver sturdy-- same great quality as their spice rack I have from Deco Bros
0,If you have a Star Wars fan in your life this notebook multi-pack is perfect for them! With three different characters from the Star Wars Rebels series these notebooks can make school work fun again! They seem to be good quality and should hold up for a good length of time.
0,Good comprehension book.
0,Just what I needed.  Nice color choices.
0,great value
0,I've bought these pens several times and they are consistently good.
0,Good product at a good price (YES, it is drop shipped from a popular vendor -- SO WHAT?) If you like the product and you like the price, it is an excellent deal.
0,great
0,As expected
0,Perfect, works well with any lamination machine, great price for so many!
0,This printer is fast and quiet. I mostly use the "toner saver' option, which looks good, and prints a lot of paper from one cartridge. I like the compact footprint. I had a Samsung printer for years, which printed really well, as this does, but the paper tray was flimsy and hard to load.  This printer's paper tray is simple and sturdy. It is sort of my "dream Machine"!.
0,This is my favorite pen, I like it so much that I have a box shipped from the US to my home country.
0,Perfect solution for kitchen door hitting corner of cabinet.
0,This is an excellent printer with great capabilities. It would be an asset in any object. I always like cannon products.
0,My students and all the kids that come in to deliver cupcakes love these! Thanks for all the different colors!
0,Good and very cheap.  It is not the advanced turu toga which I prefer for the sliding sleeve, but for the price this is very nice.  0.3 and a light hand makes for thin lines which I prefer.
0,So far so good! What is great about these cartridges is that they do not run out of toner in 10 sheets. Many cartridges that you buy online don't last as long, but these have lasted a very long and I'm a teacher so I print a lot.
0,Great pen
0,Good Sharpener. Especially for soft point pencils.
0,it seems like a big investment, but there is a ton of it.  I use it mostly for card making. you can tear it first of all,  I love that.  also I hate it when a piece of cardstock sags in the middle because of using too few pot dots or dimensionals. the backing paper is much easier to remove than pop dots, much cheaper in the long run and last forever. its easy to cut it up into small pieces to get just the right size for small popped up items.  cards seem to do better in the mail with this to hold up the layers.  also, when you have a piece of watercolor paper that has warped, this foam tape helps to flatten it out and keep it that way.
0,Rather expensive, but worth it.  Delivers a great glossy photo finish.  I was able to make a copy of a photo of my late father with my daughter at age 5.  It looks fantastically professional and I think a lot of this has to do with the quality of the paper. Glad amazon had it and it was so convenient to ship.
0,i always forget my house keys so this is great. you can't change the combo, so don't forget to jot down the code!
0,Love these sticky notes....they work great!
0,We use these in our homeschool class and the kids love them.  There are plenty of uses and I appreciate that there is both upper case and lower case letters.
0,We love these pencils. I got one for myself and each of my children. We carry them in our Bibles so we can mark passages in different colors. They are expensive, but they last a long time and you can get other color refills if you want. Keep the instructions so you will know how to change the lead! I ruined my first one some years ago because I tried to do it on my own! :(
0,The board itself serves it's purpose.  It does have a small copyright stamp "MEGA International. CHINA A02084IN-YY" on one corner, which is just kind of ugly.		I just use it in my college math classes to do practice work so I'm not going through hundreds of pieces of paper.		The included marker is garbage - you would be better off throwing it away with the plastic wrap than putting it anywhere near the board.
0,It's just an open sign so there's not all that much to say except that it was affordable and well made.
0,good
0,Product as described.
0,High quality pencil and makes a difference when sketching. Does take a long time to arrive though.
0,The Epson WorkForce DS-30 is very small and easy to use.  It's good for smaller scanning projects and for use while travelling.  The features are limited, so just be sure you have the right balance of cost and functionality for your needs.		Pros:  Small; Nice travel case with drawstring to keep closed; USB powered (no power plug); has optical character recognition (OCR); good image resolution, up to 600 dpi; scan time was average; scans black and white, color, and grayscale.		Cons:  Single-sided scan only; and though obvious, there is no tray to set multiple pages for scanning.		Overall, I was impressed.  It's not inexpensive, so just consider your needs.  If you have only light scanning or are travelling, you'll probably be happy with the Epson.
0,After my last disaster with the vinyl chalkboard calendar decal by the same company, I wasn't sure this was going to be any better.  but it actually works okay, I just needed to change my expectations for this one.		Unlike the big rectangular sheet version, these round dots stick to the wall a lot better, so that reduces a lot of the frustration right off the bat.  What I found with the rectangular version is that they didn't erase well, and these are no different.  They don't erase well, to be honest, and you have the added problem of smearing colorful goo all over your wall if you overshoot on the wiping motion.....		So.....I decided to just use these as dots. For that, they work great.  As in......decorative dots on an awkward wall that didn't have any art on it.  If it sounds weird to you....just look at Pinterest for ideas on how to decorate your walls with washi tape or vinyl Cricut decals....it's the same idea.  You just spread them out all over your wall instead of clustering them together in a calendar shape.  It's a little outside-the-box, but it doesn't look bad, and it's a lot less kooky than it sounds...		---Promotional sample provided for the purpose of review.---
0,Cheap; but works okay.
0,I read other peoples complaints and many of the complaints are silly, for example one person says that it feels like a cheap plastic pencil. I just got mine several days ago and I don't think it feels like cheap plastic. This is an all metal pencil, the only parts that are plastic is the tip were the chuck is located at and the end where the eraser is, there is rubber or plastic surrounding the metal casing so it will be easier to grip the pencil. You can unscrew  the end to check on the lead, what I didn't like about this pencil is that I had to spend some time trying to figure out why the lead wasn't feeding. My dad told me that, when the lead is almost gone  ( the size of your nail ) it won't feed properly, he says pull out the lead and throw it away. It seems to me that the pencil went through some type of quality control and they were testing the pencil before it left the factory. The point is, that I spent some time trying to figure the pencil out, but once I figured out the pencil, it wrote great and the leads were really strong. The leads did not snap on me like other people protested. I liked these pencils so much that I ordered 3 of them, one for each back pack and one for my desk.	P.S. for those of you that don't know, you do not write with these as a regular wooden pencil. You only apply enough pressure on the paper to get the lead to write.
0,Great fproduct. Great service.  Great price.  I will always use this site to get office supplies. I recommend this site to everyone
0,Nice little bottle of ink. Watch out it can get messy.
0,Four and a half stars! The half a star taken off is just for the fact that you have to get lucky to get the ones you really wanted the most. You get a random selection of 10 mechanical pencils and most of them are very cute--with of course, some being cuter than others. The ones with the bear (which is actually an eraser!), gold crown, duckie, Hello Kitty, roll back cover over an eraser on top of the pencils are the cutest! I really wanted a Hello Kitty one, but didn't get lucky enough. :( Still happy though. Its a great value with the pencils averaging just over $1 each in price when you consider that each pencil is preloaded with at least 2-3 pieces of regular black pencil lead and the set also comes with 5 tubes of various colored lead (each tube has 10 pieces of a single color lead such as purple, pink, blue, green, etc.).
0,We like them, Buy them every year.
0,Nice , thick  fit is perfect
0,Very Cute.
0,Love it
0,As usual with All-Pro, their products are way over priced, and these index dividers are no exception. Eight bucks plus shipping is highway robbery. It's part of their gotcha program because they're made for their products, and stated so on their website. For example, I've seen this exact style and material used for about three bucks in five and dime stores, and even in larger pharmacy store isles, but the punch holes don't fit All-Pro's notebooks because they, gotcha. Their looseleaf notebooks don't seem to have standard ring spacing. Whatever standard means in this industry, and I do not know if there is a standard with specialty looseleaf notebooks. The other issue is, for the price they charge, I'd expect twenty-six index dividers for the alphabet, and not having some index dividers doubled up with letters such as, pq, uv, wx, and yz. There are other companies that produce index dividers using a letter for each laminated index divider, and they have them with numbers too. Yet, some companies also produce popular index dividers having specialized terminology symbols used in e.g. the sciences and math, but they don't fit All-Pro's smaller looseleaf notebooks having variant ring totals or spacing, nor have I seen these other styles produced by All-Pro for their looseleaf notebooks. So you're limited in how you can use All-Pro's looseleaf notebooks needing other index dividers for one's particular requirements.		Due to the many modern day personal devices we have chosen to use, little black loose-leaf note books are getting harder to find. Therefore, for the gotcha cost factor, and the product tab design issue, I'm knocking off one star and remaing true to rating their quality product, and not rating it soley on the gotcha factor.
0,This set of 7 colors fits the Epson Stylus Photo 2200 Injet Printer. The printer has not been made for many years and has been replaced by other models. It produces professional prints but the cost of the ink is high and appears to be going up as the years go by. In 2008 I purchased this ink set from Adorama for $66.29 exclusive of tax and shipping. The current price is $99.50 also exclusive of tax and shipping and also from Adorama. I don't blame the vendor as it appears that the price of the ink has increased and Adorama (a highly regarded vendor) has no control over this. The inks are capable of producing the very highest quality prints. They do not appear to fade over the course of years and produce accurate looking photos. As long as my printer is functioning I will be buying these inks. I am aware that third party inks are available at a considerable discount but am afraid that quality may suffer.	On second thought, it would be unrealistic not to expect the price of these inks to increase. After all, the price of practically everything else has increased due to inflation. So why not ink?
0,Vibrant colors, and hardly any smell at all!
0,These are my go to pencils for everything. I even use them for drawing and sketching. The lead is very smooth and erases cleanly, the pencil mechanism is reliable and my bulldog has invariably chewed them up before they have ever failed me. I bought 2 boxes so I have plenty at this price they are a steal
0,Finally, they've added a hard ferrule around the base of the ink point. Lessens ink on writing fingers.  Love Flair, smooth writing for jotting down or writing the next Great American novel. Thinking of now purchasing a variety of fun colors!
0,I will always buy HP brands.
0,This machine is GREAT & you can't beat the price... I've bought 3 in the past 3 months to replace different printers at our small office. I buy bulk, generic ink from Amazon too - LOVE LOVE LOVE
0,Had to order more because everyone who saw me wearing it wanted one.
0,Small footprint to hold plenty of office supplies
0,It's impossible to get excited about packing stickers. Nevertheless, these were slightly better than I expected: good sized and very noticeable and they seem to stick well to the boxes.		I used them to mark boxes when packing for a move and they were just what I wanted.
0,Performed as described. Heat of summer did not affect performance.
0,Everything was fine
0,Thank you
0,I always love Expo brand markers.  They last a long time and the colors are great.  They also erase very well from surfaces.  This ultra fine tip markers are great because I can be so much more precise with drawings on the board.  Highly recommend these.
0,I love this paper shredder.  I had cheap ones forever.  This is a great bargain and I really like AmazonBasics products.... So far,  always a great deal.
0,Great product
0,no batteries, little bit elbow power but great
0,Excellent Product.
0,good quality and very quick shipping speed
0,Good product
0,a durable notebook with thick pages, each numbered.  a4-size paper fits in it perfectly -- amazing!  don't know how it could be better.  great design notebook which is good for legal reasons: numbered pages that don't rip out easily and with a perfect binding.
0,A great writing pen for the price better than some of the more expensive ones. The downside is I'm on my second one, if you tighten the pen too hard after changing the cartridge it will crack.
0,These bags are great. Strong, padded, easy to use. Much lighter and safer than regular paper shipping envelopes.
0,Scanning frenzy!
0,great value good product
0,these are amazing to write with , my handwriting is back to a beautiful calligraphy since i have started using them
0,as described
0,What's not to love about SHARPIE? That's all I can say, nothing, I love this brand and a box with a bunch of these are just A+ in my book. You can never have too many sharpies.
0,This was a gift to myself since the old one was past its prime. I think it a good idea to replace calculators periodically and Canon is a good brand without the expense. Good for home personal use.
0,Did not come in manufacturers packaging, but that was stated in the description.  This was such a great buy.  It seems to last longer than the HP cartridges I would buy from large retailers.  The only nuisance is that my printer will "alert" me that there is counterfeit ink.  It goes away as soon as you click Ok.  Definitely worth the pop up message to save over half the price.  I have had this ink in my printer for 6 months and have had no complaints.
0,Works well. The fun colored one is the reason to get these. Would really like to see a set with all different colors and not the traditional. Writes well.
0,I love Post-It notes, but I really love the Super Sticky Post-It notes - they just work! They stick to almost everything and they stick well! I have several 'pop-up' style dispensers (office, kitchen, truck) and I use these canary colored notes in the 'kitchen dispenser' - easy to read, no matter what color of pen / pencil I use (happen to find close by).		This size package - 10 pads / pack I cannot seem to find anywhere else and I was very happy to find it here! In the stores, I can find a 3pk - or an 18pk (not quite enough or way too many) so I was very happy to find a 'mid sized' pack here ~ perfect for my needs.
0,very nice quality & does exactly what it states.
0,I had a Bixolon receipt printer that only lasted a year.  This Epson printer is the real deal.  It is made well and works much better than expected.  The printer actually cuts the receipt for you so that you don't have to tear it off yourself.  I wish that I would have spent the extra money on this receipt printer to begin with.
0,Great service, great labels.
0,Good to have around.
0,These were school supplies for my teenagers. Sending them back to school could possibly be causing a euphoric "5 stars" warm and fuzzy feeling, but this really is a good quality binder.
0,Good price. Arrived quickly.
0,I love this, would and did buy another.
0,the best.
0,great product, great price, super easy to set up too
0,Goes great with my Rick grimes
0,nice color
0,I love this kind of strapping tape.  It's the only kind I use when I need to tape up boxes for storage or shipping.  I would definitely recommend it.
0,great and fast
0,I see paper everywhere.
0,I abuse this item on a regular basis at work.  It's been a month now.  It makes an excellent tool for stapling receipts together for temporary use.  The hole is fairly small, and about the size of a small capsule pill of Tylenol.		I like it because when you need to undo the staple, you're not ripping the paper apart just to get to the one you need, and you don't have to go through the trouble of finding the stapler remover, and trying to pry off a staple.  And so far, it has never jammed on me.  I imagine the only way you could even get it to jam is by putting too many papers in there.  But the opening where you stick the paper in doesn't even allow for very many pieces of paper, so I don't know how you could manage to make it jam.		Good purchase as far as I'm concerned!
0,works great
0,Good folders, well made no complaints 1 little con, they do not expand as much as you think, if you need to replace 1 REALLY full folder buy two of there.
0,Great pencils.  Not as soft as say Berol Prismacolor pencils but this set is decent especially for a fraction of the cost.
0,the border is the one thing I was afraid of being annoying ... hardly even notice it now. this thing is monstrous.
0,Excellent pens, look great combined with Strathmore's toned tanned paper.
0,For a few bucks can't really beat this deal. 60 standard quality bic pens. I go through them faster than expected, but that because pens always seem to wander off mysteriously.
0,This is a great set.	These colored pencils are heavy with color and pigment. I like the oil and wax combination they are not too soft. I use them professionally. I use them with many others. Each type of colored pencils offers something different.
1,I WOULD NEVER EVER BUY ANOTHER LEXMARK PRODUCT AGAIN.MY PRINTER NEVER WAS ABLE TO PRINT IN COLOR BUT DID NOT TRY IT RIGHT AWAY SO  I COULD NOT RETURN IT WITHIN 30 DAYS.	Lexmark never honored their warrantyandgave mea terrible runaround with no results. theblack ink stopped printing after one year. it still scans and faxes so I use it as a stand alone scanner and fax machine because FAXing is easier with the flat bed scanner -I scan/fax small things like receipts. What a monster taking upso much space.		The ink cartidgesalsocost a ton and I bought a new color cartridge thinking the onethat came with the printer was not any good. Just blew moremoreofmy money on this %^#%^%$%**.
1,We were in our office all day today.	We left an additional note outside saying that please call us since the elevator intercom is broken.		NO PHONE CALL / STATED DELIVERED.  No package received.
1,It is really flimsy. When pinning it to the wall it doesn't stay flat. It's a roll of plastic
1,Too messy
1,Didn't work like genuine Brother.  Left streaks on the paper.
1,I RETURNED IT. IT WAS GARBAGE
1,I found that most times when tearing the sheets apart the foam would rip. Became more of a hassle than something helpful. I cannot recommend.
1,cheap but also thin did i mention cheap it is a knockoff image of the character
1,This item was old or something was wrong with as I could not get it to run out the container, I had to put a screwdriver in it to get it to come out of the container. Very Unhappy.with it.
1,Employee are using this to hold name badges.  Several have split down the side including mine after only about a month of use.  I wear mine on a lanyard with no stress on it so how the heck is it splitting???
1,Two of these pens began leaking ink in large quantities after sitting unused in a pen cup for 1 week. They leaked blue and green ink all over my desk and hands. I never had this problems when I purchased these pens from a local seller, so perhaps they were damaged somehow in shipping or storage.		I originally posted this review on 11/4/14 and am now providing an update. I still use these pens because I like how they write. I purchased packs from two different office supply stores. They still leak. Be advised that when they do start leaking, it goes absolutely everywhere. NEVER place these in the front pocket of a shirt of white lab coat as it will be ruined. You can count on it.
1,Junk. Bends like gum. Doesn't erase pencil.
1,i purchased this on February 27th, 2015. it stopped working April 12th. i am the only user of my laptop and it never gets dropped-never even leaves the table it is on. junk. i just bought one from Amazon-will see how long this one lasts. had a Dell mouse for years.
1,Update. They have made the service almost as good as AT&T and there is only a few glitches like the Ooma answering service will pick up the call and you will have to log onto the internet with speakers attached to your computer to hear the call. The biggest problem is the Ooma Premier package that claims that you call stop unwanted calls by using the community black list. This is misleading because there are so many new scammers, telemarketers and the such that are coming online to call you that you will never get any peace from the phone ringing by any means that are known to me! The philosophy of the company is to lie to you by any means to get you into service because they think, rather they know that when you pay only 5 dollars a month in federal and state taxes that you will not terminate the service to prove that you will not take being lied to! Keep your money for the Premier service because you cannot stop telemarketers that just change the name of the person calling on the ID of the machine that dials you and the service the caries there call like to can pick what your caller ID name is on Ooma.
1,The fastener does not keep the sharpener still!  I ordered an x-acto brand that adheres to a flat surface and it works great!  I would not recommend this one!
1,I really did not like this pencil sharpener at all.  My original cheapie works much better.  Hard to figure out how to open.  Eat up pencils, not sharpen.	Maybe I was not doing it quite right, have the prismacolor soft core and hard core pencils and did not like sharpener for either.
1,I have a hard time believing most of these reviews are honest and serious. This pen doesn't write any better than the other over $5 ballpoints I've used. The long, flowery descriptions of how it writes and how important it will make you feel when you write a check have come out of the marketing brochures. Unfortunately, the pen writes like most "good" ballpoints- that is, those which cost more than $5. Yes, it performs better than a free Bic stolen from a doctor's office, but doesn't touch the performance of something like the Fisher Space Pen. I ended up throwing away the skippy MB refills and using a Fisher Space Pen refill. This worked fine until the plastic (yes, plastic- not "precious resin") cracked. To their credit, MB did repair it, but at some expense.		When it was out for repair, I started using the Fisher Space Pen refills in another pen, a much cheaper pen. Needless to say, a Mont Blanc refill feels *exactly the same* whether I'm using it in the Classique or in a $10 pen- same goes for the Space Pen refill. The MB didn't magically make it write any better than the refill would manage on its own. Judging by many of the angry reviews, some people were suckered into thinking that would.		Bottom line? Dollar for dollar, this is one of the worst values in pen history. It doesn't feel or write 10 times as well as a $10 pen, let alone 10 times as well as a $30 pen.		My recommendation:		Get It if:	 - you want a bit of pocket jewlery to impress a lawyer or colleague who is clueless about fine pens, get this pen.	 - you want a pen that writes as well as a Parker Jotter ($5), feels good in the hand, and allows you to waste an extra $300		Skip It if:	- if you want a good value on a well-built, well-writing fine pen	- you want a best-in-class pen that will beat out other options that cost the same or less	- you want a pen to impress a real connoisseur of fine writing instruments; this is a mere Rolex knock-off to someone who really knows their luxury watches
1,These break easy in the sharpener, and when in use. Good idea, just does not work as well as the fat ones.
1,Didn't fix damaged Willow piece.  Haven't tried it on anything else yet.
1,The product is great. Bold (1.0 mm) point looks great on signatures and the 3 different colors allows for variation in the color. All in all a great product (plus Sanford satisfaction guarantee is a plus in case the product does not conform to expectations). However, the seller, TNT Deals INC is not so good and the reason why I gave 1 star to the item; after all the seller does influence the product experience... The item was not ready for shipping for 3 business days after all the other items were ready and my shipment ended up being delayed due to this...
1,No difference than moving boxes. Was expecting better material but the material is exactly the same as a moving box from Home Depot. Not too bad but a little rough than I thought.
1,The main photo and text for this item on the primary ordering screen is of a z24 but I received a z28 (in a package labeled as a z24).  As I write this review, for some reason, the photo shown to the left of the star selection area is of a z28 (but the text still reads z24).	I wanted a z24 and paid for a z24, not a z28.  Get it straight!
1,when i bought the first set they worked perfectly, this set after 2 weeks in the printer dried out
1,Half of these pens leaked everywhere. Bad batch, maybe? Usually my favorite.
1,I love most of the Nite Ize products. I own a ton of them. PROBLEM:  the spring loaded clip is easily bent to either side, allowing it to spring open and stay that way. They have the same problem with all of their carabiners. That's why they made some with locks. This one needs a lock. I had my car key come off of this 2X in a week. Now it sits on my desk waiting for a less important task.
1,Besides this item having that awful chemical smell, it did not keep it's shape (flat and smooth) after I put it on my floor and put my chair on it.  I would not buy this item again....
1,One of the drawers is very crooked.  Cheap quality, poorly designed.
1,We just purchased this Canon printer on sale for a small office. It was an impulse buy, so we hadn't checked the online reviews for it in advance. Big mistake. There were so many prominent wireless connectivity advertisements on the box I just assumed the wireless connection mechanism--understandably horrible in earlier generation devices--by 2015 would be transparent and reliable. First, I agree with others about the initial frustration of inserting the ink cartridges correctly. It took me a half hour fiddling with the correct "slight upward" orientation before the cartridges were apparently inserted in the correct orientation, and then the amber warning light wouldn't go off. I had to YouTube the printer to find a video unrelated to the amber warning light (video on filling ink cartridge) with a hint that after reinsertion the machine may still read the cartridge as "empty," so one should depress and hold the reset button. On doing this, I finally got rid of the annoying amber warning light. Waste of time #1.		But the real problems arose when trying to connect the printer to a WiFi network. I'm not a network engineer and have no interest in becoming one. Besides, Canon doesn't even include a USB cable with the machine, so Canon must think customers will primarily be using this as a wireless printer. We downloaded drivers and manuals. We troubleshot with various websites, including Canon. And we wasted our whole morning trying to solve the LAN-problem, instead of attending to other crucial matters. Finally, we've decided to return this machine and commit to a paper-free office environment using electronic documents, the cloud, and digital signature programs in lieu of a traditional printer.		I remember printers being the bane of every office environment--from academic to business--back when I was in school. It seems that's still true. At least we won't have to play the ink-cartridge-replacement game, and we'll save headaches with inevitable future printer problems. But this particular Canon printer was a massive waste of time for us.
1,The pen that came with the product doesn't work, my other dry erase markers don't show up on this either. I really wanted to love this calendar, but I don't. Don't waste your money, unless you just like a big, blank, black calendar decal on your wall.
1,Nine month update:	After nine months of use, this printer has not stood up well to the test of even light household printing tasks. It is chronically afflicted with difficult-to-clear paper jams and print cartridges require regular  alignment/nozzle cleaning. Consider other options for your all-in-one printing needs.		Original review follows below:	-----	Overall --and especially at the nicely discounted price as I write this review-- this is a decently performing all-in-one. No major issues noted with any of the print, fax or copy functions. However, I was not able to use the scan functions using either WiFi or ethernet connections. Attempts at both yielded error messages from the scanner software that simply provided a laundry list of all possible problems ("the printer is not connected to the network...") while doing nothing to diagnose the actual problem. These disappeared and scanning was successful when I used a USB cable instead of either wireless or ethernet connectivity for scanning. Go figure.		PROS:	-Relatively easy set-up. Although documentation is limited to a quick start guide for printer unpacking and set-up, the printer offers sufficient additional detail both from its own LCD menu display and from the included utility software.	-Copy and fax functions are simple and intuitive.	-Double sided printing is possible without having to manually turn the paper over...yes!	-Easily adjustable paper guides.	-Relatively quiet operation free of harsh printer head movements.	-Satisfactory text and photo hardcopy quality.		CONS:	-Unable to scan via ethernet or Wifi; had to use a USB cable to complete scan jobs.	-Limited scanner output options (.jpg or .pdf).	-Scan to email option supports creating attachments direct to Outlook only.	-Complicated menu options for switching between wired and wireless network options.	-Glossy black surface is dust and fingerprint magnet.		IF you have a non-negotiable requirement to scan via an wireless or ethernet connection, then this all-in-one may not be for you. But if you're willing to default to a USB connection: at this price, it's hard to go wrong.
1,The drum light came on on my Brothers HL 2140 printer so I ordered Brothers replacement from Amazon which came through Vivamart.  The drum  DR-360 arrived a week later in the Brothers box.  I followed the instructions and reset the printer.  When I tried to print the printer came to a screeching halt.  When I put the old drum back in it worked fine.  After troubleshooting on the phone with Brother they told me to bring the printer into a service center at my own expense.  Amazon told me to call Vivamart and gave me the wrong phone #.  Vivamart is closed on weekends and takes 2 days to answer an email.  They finally agreed for me to send the drum back and if they determined that it was defective they would send a replacement (3 weeks).		Vivamart finally agreed to give me a credit and then asked me to change my review.	Total emails-7, total phone calls-3, total time involved 10 hours, final result-refund.	Be prepared to spend some time looking for email addresses and phone numbers.		I should have heeded other peoples reviews of this product.
1,If you have pencils only this is wonderful, but the case does not accomodate pens or any implement (pens,highlighters, stumps, markers) other than standard sized pencils.  Well made product, though.
1,I loved this adding machine and then one day, it just stopped working 3 months later.  I used it about 3 or 4 times a week for a few hours and then I plugged it in, and nothing.  I plugged it into another plug and it worked for a minute and then stopped and never came back on.  I have no clue why it just died, but it did.  Too bad.  I ordered another maker after that.
1,These are awful; don't waste your money; they are so broad you can't highlight text accurately.  Before you know it you are highlighting the line below which you are trying to highlight, or both the line you intended to highlight and the one directly beneath it.  WASTE OF MONEY.  Not up to SHARPIE BRAND NAME STANDARDS...
1,Did not detect the bills correctly. not worth it.
1,After using this paper I found that the surface finish is defective and the toner does not adhere in some places it bubbles and flakes off in about 1/4 to 1/8th inch spots.		HP will not warranty the product after 21 days and requires that I reorder the item to receive a refund on the first order.		Giving me double the amount of possibly defective paper.		Product quality leaves much to be desired and I do not recommend purchasing this paper!
1,My printer stopped recognizing both of the printer cartridges with in a month of use. With the with the high price of ink I felt pretty upset. I don't know if they stand behind there product, I didn't even try. I would not recommend this remanufactured stuff after this.
1,I have two of the larger staplers by this company and think they are the best I've ever used. Sadly, the smaller one is defective. Since it was a gift for my 80 year old parents, we didn't discover it was defective until it was too late to return.
1,I tried twice with two of these.  Never managed to get either one to function as a cloud printer (only reason to buy it.  My Chromebook won't print without going through the cloud.)  I spent hours on the phone with Samsung -- not my favorite way to spend time.  It took forever to get through the layers to someone who might possibly have known how to help.  In both cases, they finally said to just send it back. Too bad.  Size was great for a laser printer.
1,Just got my second or third order, not sure which, and I'm very disappointed.  The last pack had one cartridge leaving a thick black line down one side of the each print.  As I'm just making classroom copies, it was okay, not ideal, but okay.		I figured that wouldn't happen again.  It did.  This last order that I got had the first cartridge running out after maybe four reams of paper and the second cartridge has the thick black line again.  I'm sending them both back.  Luckily I didn't throw them out.  I've always had success with Linkyo, but I'm not ordering from them anymore.
1,Cheap!!  Not worth the expense	Bought to store markers. Thought it would be nice to be able to organize them and then move them to work space. Not easy to move as it just comes apart.
1,2 pens have already been thrown out since there was no ink in them
1,This product description lists round magnets are included for the in/out portion. You know the whole point to buying the board. Called the manufacturer and they advised they could not send just the missing magnets and they would have to exchange the whole board. Makes about zero sense. Buy some other brand.
1,I have used HP stuff for years, reliability has been good, quality satisfactory and easy to buy supplies.  However, I have two fully functional HP all-in-one printers that I can only print to because HP does not develop the drivers for new versions of the Mac operating system effectively eliminating much of the functionality of the printer.		Regardless of the quality, reliability, etc., I no longer buy anything from HP.  If the company won't stand behind the products they sell, the hell with them.  (One cannot not help but think how horrified David Packard and William Hewlett would be by the way their company's fabulous reputation is being destroyed by present management.)
1,this is way too small and does not do the job of covering the floor so your chair rolls on top of carpet.  Don't buy it.  I waited too long and can't return it now.
1,Mutilates 90% of the paper I put in it.  Thought maybe I used too many sheets or too few.  Spent an hour and wasted probably a hundred sheets of paper trying to figure it out.  Extremely frustrating.
1,I purchased the Rotring 800 0.7mm black. Unfortunately, as feared, the tip does have slack, and it's very audible every time you lift the pencil in a stroke because it's metal on metal. The grip is smaller than the chamber, making it harder to use. For a $56 pencil I expected better.
1,...because it is pure white crap.
1,ink stopped working after 4 days. completely unacceptable.
1,Its hard to believe 3M still do not upgrade this products. Its not easy to use but easy to cut yourself.
1,Tinte Ink Cartridges do not work!  Had to throw the whole lot out!
1,Falls off after a few weeks.
1,Stapler works but I have notice that its hard to staple. Not sure what the problem is, but its not an easy staple  to use. Not a good buy. It is cute but not functional. Wouldn't recommend on buying. I can still use it but I don't.
1,Too expensive for the amount of sheets this toner cartridge can print.
1,Won't stay connected to the network. Feels like a child's plastic toy. Do not recommend this item.
1,Edit: the first time I purchased worked great. The second time, the chips were switched around on top and the printer won't detect it. First purchase is on left and second purchase is on right. I have a Brother MFC-J4850W		Love this for my Brother printer
1,I probably wouldn't buy this again.  It is as advertised, but it just isn't heavy enough to do the job.  I'm always pulling it over when I try to get a flag.  I may have to put some small stones in the bottom.  It isn't any more convenient than just leaving the package of flags on my desk, though it is a bit more attractive.
1,Worked well for 1.5 years. I just charged it up again to use it and it appears the battery won't charge. What a let down!
1,More like Saran wrap with glue. Requires twice the tape at least.
1,Spending 8-12 hours a day on my laptop means I'll do anything to ease the pressure & stop my butt from falling asleep. I thought this adjustable table would be perfect for all my needs. Sadly it didn't. The table didn't handle the weight of my Macbook Pro 17' well at all. Every time I tried to use the keyboard the whole thing wobbled. Probably better for people with lighter laptops or something else light. Good news is Amazon made the return simple & pain free which is why I continue to buy through them.
1,These casters refuse to swivel in the direction of travel.  It doesn't matter if I'm sitting in the chair or if I get out of the chair and push it.  Any direction I want the chair to go one or more casters hangs in its position and will not rotate in the direction of travel and the chair can't be moved.  After the glowing reviews I purchased a set.  When they were installed they far are worse than the original casters that came with the chair that also didn't swivel.  These have scuffed the laminate surface off the floor under the caster and it will be too large of a job to re-do an entire room of laminate--if it's even available.  This is the third set of casters on a chair purchased new this year.
1,bought two, one worked great, the other broke in two days
1,I am amazed at the number of people in this day and age who have no central place to store their passwords. I have used a makeshift password keeper for years, but it is running out of space, so I thought a fresh new keeper made for this purpose would be good. Hmm...well....maybe not.		This keeper, at 3.5X6.5 inches, is similar to those little pocket calendars that are sold in grocery and drug stores except that it is specifically purposed for password storage. As such, I find the cover too flimsy to protect my valuable information for any length of time and the band that is supposed to keep it securely closed far too flimsy and loose.		Each entry has a space for a website URL, username and password and there are six such entries per page. There are plenty of pages (64) in the keeper for the average non-techie to keep all their passwords in one place. One major weakness of the keeper, though, is a complete lack of any kind of organization--whether it be tabs or harder-stock dividers every so many pages that can be used to note certain categories of websites/passwords. It helps to have some way to remember where in all these pages to find the particular password we seek.		In summary, I can only truly recommend this keeper to those who:	1) haven't had a password keeper before; or	2) currently uses various notes and sheets of paper and wants something expressly for this purpose to consolidated all those papers; and	2) doesn't plan to carry the keeper with them on a regular basis (i.e., will use it primarily at home).		I don't think this is going to be adequate for someone who wants to carry their passwords with them every day or has need for storing a great many passwords and needs a way to organize them for quicker retrieval.
1,I was appalled that this paper is so thin and flimsy. I will be seeking a better alternative.
1,Way too expensive for 4 pads.  I duped myself in thinking this was a good deal!
1,This phone started shorting out after a week. It's a secondary line and most of the time works and well it's cheap so we just kept it but worth spending more if it's going to be your primary phone.
1,When I first bought it back in December 2014, I thought it was great, until it started slowly not working. First the blue light started fading out, until it gave up, so I could only use the white light until it finally gave up on me last month. When the description said the LED light last years, I didn't think they only meant 9 months....It's a good product, just doesn't last as long as one would like.
1,I ordered these bubble mailers before and was pleased with the quality for the price although the shipping was a little long. I ordered a second time and shipping was even longer and the bags were very thin and not at all the same quality as the first time.
1,the worst Zebra item - stick with the telescopic pens - cheap feeing plastic pen - back it goes
1,bueno
1,It's so cheaply made. I can see how it will easily break. Lightweight Cardstock is really hard to punch and there is no way I would recommend more than 2 pages of regular paper at a time. I wouldn't pay over $5 for the quality of this product again. I'd rather pay $10 extra dollars than have to hope and pray with each punch it doesn't break. It is sooo a punch of way from being useless.
1,I really want to love it, honestly I do. I only use Noodler's Ink at this point and love their company. Here is my basic breakdown as to why this pen is just OK. I own around a dozen pens and have only been using fountain pens for about 2 months so keep that in mind.		Pros:	Stunning, very well made and attractive design	LOVE the plunger fill	I love the old resin smell	Ink is nice and wet		Cons:	Finger constantly slips into the feed/nib, not a good defined fingtertip rest	Leaks easily if everything is not tightened perfectly. Not over, not under	Sometimes the ink feeds very, very wet.	The old resin can be irritating		-----UPDATE 2.24.2015-----	I have completely stopped using this pen and took my review down from 3 star to 2. As many have said before, its a leak factory. I have one very inked up pen roll now that will not come clean and I'm tired of scrubbing my fingers after use. Even with new/better o-rings you get a couple days before it just leaks everywhere. So far the worst pen of my 25 pen collection. I only use Noodlers inks and will continue to do so, but this pen is just simply garbage at 1/2 the price.
1,it work great for our yard sale only issue no one cloud see the price tags on every item we had people keep asking for the price when i say it work good if you own a store this item for you but if you having a yard sale go with bigger price tag
1,I liked the automatic feed, but the shred bin is pretty small so you have to empty about every other full load (50 pages or so), which was a huge mess.
1,BROTHER HAS THE WORST TECH SUPPORT EVER! I'M ON THE WEST COAST, AND THEY CLOSE AT 6 PM, SO I RUSHED HOME FROM WORK, AND WAITED 35 MINUTES TO SPEAK WITH SOMEONE.  THEY SAID THERE'S ANOTHER DEPARTMENT THAT I HAD TO BE ON HOLD FOR AGAIN.  IT'S BEEN OVER AN HOUR!!!! ON TOP OF THIS, THEIR INK CARTRIDGES PRINT ONLY HALF THE NUMBER OF PAGES THEY'RE SUPPOSED TO.  I CHANGED THE CARTRIDGES 3 MONTHS AGO, AND PRINTED HARDLY ANY COLOR.  NOW IT SAYS THE CARTRIDGES ARE LOW!!!!!!!
1,Pen leaks.
1,The paper is thick enough to prevent bleed-through but it is tearing right through the holes from the binder rings.
1,They're fine for the price. I just prefer thicker cards
1,just be sure and notice where the bars cross at the bottom. it won't slide under anything deep enough so that the table is where you can use it. It's like just having a side table. We moved the vertical bar to the right, but it became easy to tip over. because we tried to modify it, we can't return it. Another great purchase goes to the trash pile. This is just my experience.
1,It was time to replace my aging HP OfficeJet 6500 with which I've had an ongoing love/hate relationship for awhile now and my choice came down to a color Laser printer (Brother 9340) and the Epson WF-4630.  Due to a number of coupons and a printer trade-in at a local Office store, I went with the WF-4630 because the final price difference was huge - around $300. So, why not try this Epson which has been so well reviewed.		My first impression was that it is a very solid and well made printer. Very nice and intuitive touch-screen (although setting up some options, such as favorites and Scan to Cloud are a bit more tedious to figure out). While setup was relatively painless (this was setup on a network with Macs running OSX 10.9 Mavericks), it was far from only being a 5 minute operation as others have stated. It took more than 5 minutes just to remove the 37,000 pieces of tape!  And, on a Mac, you have to download the driver software, install it, and then realize only half of it installs and you have to run the Epson Software Updater and download another set and install it.  This process takes at least 20 minutes.  However, all in all it went smoothly, and the printer is fast, and has excellent output - even on the plain paper I was using.		And I absolutely love the feature set, including the Remote print capability. Very very nice. Auto duplexing, dual paper trays (one in front, one vertical in back), programmable settings, easy wireless setup, AirPrint... what's not to like.		Well... One thing...		One of the great features of any AIO device on the Mac is that its scanning feature is integrated with native apps on the Mac (Preview, Image Capture, Scanning from the Control panel, etc.) - and you're not forced to use the dedicated scanning software of the manufacturer.  The WF-4630 is supposed to do that also (after OSX updates and installs its own ICA driver). But it only works if the printer is connected directly to a computer via USB.  If you are connected to the WF-4630 via ethernet, or wireless, this feature will throw a Communication Error and will not work - even though scanning through Epson Scan, and printing all work fine. And the Epson network checking also shows everything is fine - but it simply won't work.  Plug it back in as USB, and the ICA functions work perfectly. Back to network connection, and scanning will only work through Epson Scan and Epson Document Capture. Epson's Email technical support has been no help in this - instead saying I need to call to talk to a rep (like I've got that amount of time) - without providing any possible solutions other than "We've never heard of that."  I may end up calling, but I'm not a network or computer novice, and this just reeks of a bug - not a unique issue.  BTW, it has happened on all 4 of my computers, all running both OSX 10.9.4 or 10.9.5. and with the computer AND the printer plugged directly into the cable router (no middle-man). So it's not a wireless issue.  Most likely a firmware or Apple ICA driver issue - but Epson and Apple will both claim it's the other's problem.		Anyway, aside from that one inconvenient issue (1 star removed) this appears to be a great multifunction printer.		-----	** UPDATE: I wanted to post an update related to a few other reviews:		1. Working on a Mac:  My entire setup/network that this is on is a Mac setup.  You MUST download and install the driver package from Epson first, then run the Espon Software Updater to get everything the original forgot to install (odd, but necessary) and then run the Apple Software Update to get the newest Apple drives.  At that point, Add Printer should work fine on both the network and USB.  However, as one reviewer noted, even Epson says the printer may be finicky on dynamic DHCP. I have found it best to assign it a static IP (although this has been the case with most printers as well).		2. Printer quality: No, it's not a photo printer even with Epson Premium photo paper, although it can print very good photos (but a photo printer will always print better photos). And No, it's not a laser printer. However, one of the BIGGEST factors in printing quality with an inkjet is the paper. I found initially the WF-4630 printed pretty well on normal 20-lb copy paper from Sams. So, I bought OfficeMax branded 24-lb inkjet paper. Text output was terrible, and actually got worse at higher quality settings - splatter, not crisp, etc. The output for text was worse than on the generic 20lb copy paper.  Then I tried HP Ultra-Bright 24lb Inkjet paper. Wow, what a difference. As clean text as I've ever seen from an inkjet (No... it is NOT a laser), and higher quality settings did indeed get even better. So, the moral of the story is - paper is much more important to your end quality output when using an inkjet, even this one.		-----	** UPDATE #2 (March 13, 2017) - REDUCED from 4 stars to 2 stars. Flawed, I would hesitate to Buy again...		So, a Fatal flaw with this product seems to be its printing heads. On my first printer (the one reviewed above), I had it for about 15 months when its print heads clogged and no amount of Head Cleaning (or wasted ink doing head cleaning) made any difference whatsoever. 3 months out of warranty, the printer was useless (as a printer). Luckily, there was a big sale at Staples AND I could turn my old printer in for a $50 credit - making a replacement WF-4630 cost me less than $100. So... I took another shot for that price.		Well, here we are 364 days later and lo and behold, the uncleanable print head problem has reared its head again.  Luckily I am 1 day inside my warranty this time, and Epson is sending me a replacement (refurbished) unit, so hopefully I'll get a few additional months of use out of this replacement - enough time to start shopping for a different multi-function printer.		I will not buy an Epson ink-jet based device again after this.  Many years ago I had a similar experience with several Epson printers - thought they would have fixed this type of thing by now.		It's really too bad - by all other measure this is a great printer. But unrepairable clogged print heads is not an acceptable thing to deal with on a recurring basis.
1,This printer repeatedly failed to print, won't see the computer or other device (iPad, notebook, etc) trying to print from it. Uses ink way too fast, which is not available in town and must be ordered. It is not true wifi, and it *might* print only when connected by ether cable. It refused to print only in black, even though the settings showed that it was set for black only. I had to return it and replace it with a canon printer I found in town after it ran out of ink suddenly (I had printed less than 100 pages at that point) and it refused to communicate with my computer. We were constantly having to jockey the settings to make it print anything from any device, this was daily. I'm very disappointed since I had another Lexmark all-in-one for years and loved it. This is not a good printer.
1,Recently packed up a bunch of boxes. This was not heavy duty enough. Came undone in the course of moving boxes to storage.
1,It worked pretty well for the first year. I was really impressed. I purchased it to replace a prior Epson all-in-one printer. But the problems that plagued the old printer are now plaguing the new printer. It's the stupid clogged nozzle heads. At some point, it seems, with any Epson ink-jet printer, those nozzle heads are going to clog. You can clean the nozzles until the cows come home, but it won't do ANY GOOD! It will only use up your expensive ink. They say this can happen if you don't regularly use your printer. I use mine every other day, if not every day. I've been told that Epson printers actually have their nozzle heads in the printer, whereas other printers have the nozzle heads built into the replaceable ink cartridges. This, supposedly, makes the Epson cartridges less expensive. However, this also makes the Epson printers 50 pound paper weights when the nozzles clog and there's no way you can get to them to clean them. I'm DONE WITH EPSON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1,I hoped this toner and drum set would save me a bunch of money, because my MFC printer is old but I didn't want to replace it. Took a long time for me to open the package because I didn't need it yet. Not pleased with the print quality, and too late to return. If you don't need perfect print professional looking documents, I suppose this is fine, but it doesn't meet my standards.
1,I have purchased Blueline notebooks in the past and regretted every single time, tossing them halfway. The binding and the finish of the notebook is high quality, but the paper quality is really bad. It is not necessarily thin paper that's the culprit (seems like 16lb paper), it seems to be inferior cheap filler paper like quality. The ink bleeds through the paper, making it really ugly to write on both sides. I used both roller ball and gel ink pens. The bleed through was particularly bad with roller ball ink and I had to resort to using only one side for writing.		Though significantly more expensive, Wilson Jones or National and much better, almost flawless choices.
1,It failed on me after a year, don't buy
1,does print pics but some come out with streaks
1,False Advertisement - DOES NOT FIT THE HP1020 Laser.  Look for a different supplier.
1,This product is expensive and won't feed through my brand new ink jet printer.  I tried everything and ever angle.  Fine for drawing, tranferring, etc., but there's probably a cheaper product out there.
1,This product is close to being good, however the bean-bag padding on the bottom is not thick/full enough to ensure the desk doesn't scrape your legs and knees when used in the sitting position.  Other than that these are great, but after months of chafed knees for both my wife and myself we're shopping for something better.
1,Stationary protractor obviously works pretty well as the is no moving parts, but the circle compass is a touch on the loose side with no way to tighten it.  You can get it to work, but it slides on you.  The compass broke in less than a week however.
1,Drum worked okay for some time, then began throwing error codes and jamming paper.
1,The paper was good quality...I only received one ream of 500 sheets, not the stated 5000 sheets.  The second time around...still only one ream.  $10 for one ream of okay paper....way to much to spend!
1,Cheap blades in this sharpener. Works fine for about 5 months, then won't sharpen pencils leaving a dull point. Poor longevity.
1,I'm not sure if I'm just imagining things, but this tape seems to be really flimsy compared to how it used to be? After I stick this on something, but need to take it off after a while, just seems to disintegrate - doesn't come off in one smooth motion, but have to keep scratching at it and it comes off in bits and pieces.
1,Not what I expected.  Didn't fit the file holder
1,This looks like it belongs at 99 cents store.  I over paid.  Very disappointing
1,I was very happy with this printer for a short period of time. I purchased this one, then purchased a color one to replace our slow but reliable HP Laserjet pro which was 8 years old but had to return it because the drivers couldn't get the colors right. But I kept using our black and white for every day printing and bought another HP that was faster. No issues with any HP products and this brother has been our only experience outside of the color printer we returned.		Recently had my Brother HL5470DW printer give a drum fault and since it had over 20k pages on this drum, it was time to replace. I replaced it at a cost of $100, and then ghosting, paper jams became unbearable. I use this printer to print plain paper orders for my business and used to print shipping labels but it kept jamming every time I printed so I just stopped printer labels on it since a year ago. I've only had this printer 2 years.		Took it to a service center since replacing the drum did not alleviate my issues: new diffuser needed at $200. after spending $100 on a new drum I'm $300 in the hole for a $250 printer. Brother support would not do anything when I called after the diagnostic and I let them know if I have to pay $200 to fix this printer after spending $100 on a new drum, I will opt to buy a new one and it won't be a brother.		"at your side", only if they have to be.
1,This thing is horrible. Insists on printing a test page every time it's turned on. Endless trouble printing from my Macbook (running Leopard). Usual horrible bloated HP software. Avoid!
1,Pouches did not hold for more than a week!  Air started seeping in and the whole thing pried open like an oyster with lemon juice.
1,The dimensions of these are not as advertised!		The FRONT of the holder is 4.5" but the back is only 3.5" so you can only fit 3.5 inches of magazines into these holders. Also because of this the don't sit flush side by side. The other thing that is really annoying is the open sides will catch the edges of the magazine as you pull them in and out and tear the covers.		Had I knows that these were not 4.5" wide and do not sit flush to each other I would NOT have ordered them. However, it will cost me more in gas to drive them back across the border to ship them back. I'm REALLY REALLY ticked off about this though. I would have bought something else had I known. The dimensions that are posted are FALSE.
1,So I bought this thinking it feel like a plastic metropolitan, but this pen has zero weight and way too light. I'm disappointed by how cheap the pen feels. It feels cheaper than a Pilot G2 but for 10x the price. Not worth it at this price. I would give this a 2, but the nib on this is 5 stars. I'd give it a 2.5
1,While it looks exactly like the image as a universal fountain pen converter, well, it isn't. Not even close to fitting my Visconti Eco-Roller. I was told a Schmidt K2 or K5 would fit. This it the K5 or deluxe version. Wouldn't go in far enough. Good thing for me I didn't fill it with ink or I would have had ink all over. The converter itself is made very well and had it fit I would have been buying more. As it is, it's useless to me. Doesn't fit my Levenger True writers either. And the seller won't take it back so that's a wasted five bucks.
1,I purchased this as a replacement for my IP4500 which was fast, quiet, and excellent at printing both text and photos.  I am returning it because it is slow, noisy, and is not excellent at printing.		I purchased the printer for very light home use and although this printer got many bad reviews and I wanted a printer with a rear paper feed, choice was limited and I thought I could get used to the negatives over time.  I decided after 2 days that I would not want this printer even if it was free.  The LONG and NOISY start up time and the slow printing are unacceptable to me.  My IP4500 was rated at 34.5 decibels while the IP7220 is 44 decibels.  It is not only louder, but makes noises during set up and close down that sound like a woodpecker and grinding gears.  It also vibrates, as other reviewers have mentioned.		Yesterday I spent much time on the phone with Canon.  According to the techs I spoke with, Canon has made changes in print speed to save on ink.  They have switched to opaque tanks so that people won't use refill ink over buying new Canon tanks, as refill ink is sometimes not well filtered and causes problems in the printer.  Canon has pretty much phased out back feeding paper option - there are only 2 models of photo inkjet printers that feed from the back, and they are both office machines that take 9X13 paper and the rear feed is therefore necessary.  They had no idea why the rear feed is discontinued and seem to be unaware that many people prefer it.		Consumer Reports and PCMag both gave the IP7220 very good reviews and having had such good performance with the IP4500, I chose to take with a grain of salt the fact that User Reviews on Canon's own site gave it an average of 1.8  The Amazon reviews seemed pretty evenly distributed, but on closer reading, the complaints of slowness and noise were mentioned pretty consistently from 1 star through 4 star ratings.		I think that a video review of the printer would be really helpful - not an un-boxing and features review, but a "let's see and hear this thing printing both text and photos" review.  In this case,  "a video would be worth a thousand words"!
1,I was extremely disappointed with these phones.  The call redial did not work at all so I exchanged the phones.  The second set of phones had the same problem.
1,Have used this twice and the second time its dead. JUNK. Dont know if others are any better as most have died. I only put 3-4 sheets in at a time and did a total of about 30 sheets between the two times. TERRIBLE quality.
1,A little flimsy.
1,Bought these because they were made in USA.  They're alright.  But they break a lot.  More time sharpening than writing.  We used them because we bought them but have since purchased better pencils also masse in U.S.A.
1,pro: makes you feel like you are saving battery life.		cons:	1. Has peel off sticky back. This means that you peel it and then stick it to a surface. It won't move one bit, but adjusting the location of it is a pain in the rear.  I tried to move it and hurt my finger nail in the process, and that is what prompted me to write this review and let everyone know that one you set it be prepared to not move it frequently if at all.		2. Noisy.  I have many wireless mice. some pro gaming mice and some utility mice.  when i use any of them the fiberglass or whatever rough material the mouse pad is made of makes a scratching noise when i move the mouse. that is sooo annyoying!		3. Small. maybe i did not pay attention to the dimensions details but my hand spread out is larger than the mouse pad.  I have to keep on relocating my mouse just to keep it on the pad.  I like a certain speed and acceleration on my mouse movement and I am not going to change it to try and fit my mouse to the pad.		i don't return things but i should. it is not worth my time to try and remedy this, i just hope that everyone reading this is aware of the details of this annoying pad.		I might try to find another use for it.  Maybe i'll cut it up and make some permanent drink coasters, or perhaps I can make a frisbee out of it...
1,The black worked ok, but the Yellow never did print and the blue was streaky.	 I've had good luck with other refilled carts.  Just not these
1,This printer picks up 2 sheets when you try to print labels so you end up with half of the label on one sheet and the other half of the label on the 2nd sheet. A total waste of expensive in label paper.  It doesn't usually jam the printer when both label sheets go through but sometimes it does.  To print labels you have to open the paper drawer and only insert 1 label sheet at the time. I only use full label sheets and 30 label sheets so this is the only 2 style label sheets that I use. If you don't have to print labels then it works find with general printing on paper.  But if you are in an office or warehouse environment when you have to do mailings or shipping and/or inventory label printing then save yourself some frustration and choose a different printer.  This printer wastes so much time feeding label sheets one at a time.
1,broke in less that w week will not close properly
1,You cant use continuous ink supply with this printer without making all kinds of changes and then it will not work very good. ink carts. don't hold enough in to finish a medium project.
1,It's basically just slightly thicker paper. I expected some sort of matte coating but no, it doesn't have it.
1,This template is more of a yellow-green than the pictured green, which makes it look more like a Rapid template. Unfortunately, it doesn't have the quality of a Rapid template - the edges of the circles are rough.
1,Not good.  I installed this and now my keyboard wobbles all over because the MDF is curved downward on both sides... maybe high heat during transit did this.  Either way, it sucks and should really be looked into by the factory.
1,My iPad and iPhone don't respond to these! Big waste!
1,I've stared at this product for about two years now and have to say, I'll never use it.		I was excited when ordering it, but the packaging itself is a barrier to using the product.  After organizing the product out of the packaging, it looks even more complicated than before and the idea of using special paper is a big hangup.		In the meantime, meet the iPad, with much of the potential that this had without the headache, special paper, or (when just thinking of an app) the cost.  Unless you know exactly how you will use this--and maybe have used it or demo'd it--I don't recommend purchasing this product.
1,Chalkboard is lighter gray than picture.  There is also a scratch/flaw going through middle.
1,The phone works okay. Sometimes the 1 button does not press on the first try, and the 5 button is recessed in further than the other buttons. I know it was not listed as a feature but there is no speaker phone option so you are stuck with it to your ear. The answering macine works well and it has a good range, I can use it anywhere inside and outside of my house.
1,These worked well for several weeks, but then seemed to become dull and the leads began to break off in the sharpener and were hard to remove.  We could not remove the broken lead from one of the sharpeners which rendered it unusable.  Would not recommend them.
1,Absolutely terrible for small packages!	I resell on ebay and the majority of my packages are very small.... weighting between 1oz and 8oz.	I've tested this exact model THREE different times.  Yes, three!, My mom also bought herself one and my sister one for Xmas based on the reviews.	Depending on where the package is set on the tray, I can get a reading difference of up to .5 ounces off!! And I'm not talking that far left of the tray vs the center of the tray.  Even dead center verses half an inch to any side will result in a different reading.	Sometimes my profit margins are small on the auctions, and I can't afford to "guess" or "round up" on every package.  I'd loose a ton of money.  I recently figured out that after "rounded up about 25% of the time (because I didn't trust this scale), I was probably giving the post office another $20 a month .  Completely inexcusable.	Oh, and the battery cover has fallen off of all three of ours already!!!!!!!!!
1,Disappointed as it was smaller than I thought.
1,Don't waste your money. The plastic back of the pencil shavings case began separating and then fell off after sharpening 30 or so pencils. Also the gears do not fit well, the whole unit is wiggly. It worked fine at first then the gears began locking up then jumping. Luckily I just purchased this so I will be able to return it.
1,Had problems with all of the colors and thus having to order "factory" ink direct from Epson for the XL's. The black cartridges out of this pack work very well, but the colors are junk. Perhaps in a year after these remanufacturers have had time to fully test the cartridges, we'll see better remanu's. Until then, I don't want to destroy a perfectly good printer on cartridges that don't work properly.		I'd totally give the Black XL's 3 to 4 stars, but the colors are definitely not worth your time...at least not yet.
1,Bought these cork tiles a year ago, I've tried sticking them on the walls with the double sided tape it comes with but they just don't stick for long (especially if you are going to pin anything on them, with the added weight they'll fall off even faster).	Also as many other reviewers mentioned, the pins are more than twice as long as the tiles themselves! So if you manage to get the tiles to stay on your wall the pins will eventually fall off with its contents.	I've even tried stapling them onto my wall, the next day i found that the staple had ripped right through the tile braking them and now really making them useless.	By the way i have found that the tape it brings sticks pretty well to the walls, the problem is the cork. Maybe if you cover it with another material (such as fabric, or wrap it in paper it will manage to stick better)	As for me, I hate these boards and will get rid off them immediately.
1,yikes this bubble wrap is way too fragile to protect anything delicate in shipping, le$$on learned :(
1,Don't buy these They smear easily!!! Fine point but not durable. Will not order these again.
1,very poor quality. The ink is not covered once you slide it in, so you have to constantly remove it and put the little cap on it, or the stamp will just try out really quickly.
1,Bic used to be a name you could count on, but the failure-rate of these out of the box is about 40%. A lot of them just don't work.
1,I own several HP products and have generally been happy, but HP struck out with this device.		The problem with the J4580 is the paper feed. If you buy this printer, then buy an iron to accompany it.  The slightest curl at the end of the paper inevitably results in a paper jam. Thin paper will be pulled in more than one piece at a time, resulting in jams or printing one page on multiple pieces of paper.		I have to suffer this printer involuntarily at work.  If I use it for more than a half-hour, I am guaranteed one episode of jammed paper, opening the printer, resetting the printer.  Resetting is usually required as the printer rarely restarts after a paper jam.  Resetting the printer is a mysterious process on to itself and usually involves pulling the power cord from the device.		Furthermore, it's relatively slow and noisy.  My experience with devices that perform multiple functions is that they don't perform any one function well, and the J4580 supports my experience.
1,Was comfortable while it lasted. This item has two small	tabs on the underside that lock it into the desk bracket and	allow it to swivel. These tabs held out for one year and 11 days.	Now I have a piece of trash. I wondered about the longevity	of this item before I purchased it, but figured I would give it a try.	There are several different brands of this type item on Amazon	and I would bet that they are all made the same way and will	eventually be prone to fail in the same way.
1,Weak short range
1,Prints with a gray 3 inch wide smudge vertically all down the page.  Actually ordered 2 of these and the other one prints with a 3 inch wide light/clear smudge vertically all down the page.  Attempted online refund, but it says they are not refundable..  I think I'll make a phone call and see what can be done.  These seemed to work ok on the first several printed pages, but after printing 10+ pages in a row, they get the smudges again
1,$90 down the drain.  With Brother Products you have to shut down the business when you run out of toner to order more because stocking up on the unreliable product will cost you if you after 90 days and Brother doesn't care.  All they want is your money and if you call their customer service expect an hour of questioning on everything else that could be the problem other than the defective toner itself.
1,BROKE ONLY ABOUT A MONTH AFTER PURCHASED!
1,Wifi is frustrating. I need to constantly re-install the driver or wire-connect the LAN cable in order to print.	Driver has to be reinstalled if you shut down the printer.	Extremely difficult to scan if you have multiple computers in the same household.
1,They are not the quality pen that they were when made in the USA.
1,OK, its been 2 years now since I purchased this safe.  Tonight I needed in it and couldn't find my key and it wouldnt recognize my code.  Imagine how surprised when I took a screw driver i purchased from Fred's dollar store and a drill with a bit and spent about 5 minutes on it.  Came right open.  Man was I ever supprised and disappointed.  I thought it would take at least an hour or so to break into this thing.  The plastic on the front did very little in protection because i actually drilled right through the key pad.  This safe is good for keeping small children out of it but as far as older ones and anyone else. I DONT THINK SO..  I know that anyone can get into anything if they want to.  But I honestly thought it would be more trouble than what i put into it.  I guess you can safely say that I am An Official Safe Cracker now.  I am not sure what I will do now as the items I have in it are very important to me and others if they knew they were there.  Looks like I will be pulling up one of the boards in the floor and making nyself a hiding spot.  And i might consider putting another safe in the hole to keep the rats out, the tiny rats...
1,I waste an incredible amount of time regularly nursing this printer, jumping through troubleshooting hoops, to get this damn printer to work.  Infuriating device.
1,We're going to return it. It's hard to hear, has cut off in the middle of conversations, sometimes won't give us a dial tone. Unfortunately, I assumed it would be good because it was AT &T & threw away the box. Maybe we just got a defective unit but if even 1 of the 3 phones won't do what it's supposed to, it's not a good value. It's going back.
1,Terrible!  Cartridges had basically no ink in them and did not work in my printer.  I tried several and none if them were recognized by my printer.  I weighed the cartridges and they weighed much less than cartridges I has to go out and buy because these ones didn't work which only proves these aren't filled all the way.  Not recommended but I did return and receive a full refund.
1,It didn't work at all. It never opened! And the paint at the corner was pealed. It didn't look brand new. I returned it.
1,They don't last very long. Feel like I got jipped on this one, but for all the aggravation and expense it would cost to pursue getting a refund, it isn't worth my time. I would definitely say don't buy these pens.
1,As stated by many many people who bought this printer. The print head is rubbish. I've owned this printer for a little less than 2yrs now. And, while it printed fantastically when new, it has now fallen victim to the clogged print head problem that is well documented on the internet. I recently changed ink cartridges and performed the head cleaning multiple times, but the printer will not longer print black at all, and yellow and cyan are spotty at best.		Do not buy this printer, find something better. I don't think this is necessarily inherent of all Epson printers, but I would definitely not buy this one again.
1,Printer reports issue with magenta toner cartridge, no way to bypass and print in black & white to complete a project.		Happened just days past Amazon's support window - not recommended due to poor performance and support.		You get what you pay for in this case - a poor quality machine lacking any meaningful support.		Scans to *.pdf slow and files are quite large for the # of pages scanned.
1,I've tried this printer with Epson's drivers for powermac OSX.4, intel imac OSX.5 (leopard) and windows vista 32bit.  With all of them, my pictures have a bluish tint.  3 different displays, same results.  It is certainly not a printer problem because if I use the Gutenberg drivers that come with the mac, I get good results.  The heads are definitely not clogged or anything.		Prints come out dark, and have a bluish cyan tint to them.  My Epson artisan 800 works great with the same computers without any fidgeting with settings.  If you figure this out, please let me in on your secret.
1,the printer worked for less than a year, when calling tech support they wanted to charge me. search the internet, there are a lot of copmplaints against epson. it is an ink waster and the print heads clog easily, i just installed new cart and the printer started printing blank pages. this seems to be epson's biggest complaint, when i used up all the ink trying to clean heads, printer softwaresays out of ink buit there is still ink in the carts. get an hp, the print head is in the cart not the machine itself. i also had an epson c82, sae thing happened after less than a year from purchase. i will never use epson ever again!!!!
1,It prints fuzzy, disappointed. Won't buy again.
1,Though it is listed as a heavy duty stapler with up to 130 sheet ability, in reality it seldom capable if stapling more than 100 sheets or so. Perhaps 80 sheet is its limit. Well, considering its price, you cannot expect that this one can do the same job as those cost more $50 do.
1,Bought a dozen.  All were completely dried out.  Bad batch?
1,I bought this laminator based on the ONE, five-start review on this product - what a mistake!  It makes a very loud "vibrating" noise the entire time, takes FOREVER for it warm up, and it doesn't seal the pouches all the way, creating air pockets all around the items that is laminated. I'm very disappointed and I'm returning this item straight away.
1,I am very disappointed in this item and I would like to explain why. It will not punch holes through a business card. When you get a business card to file, generally you only get one. So a "do-over" is not really an option. You see my dilemma. I'm working with normal card stock. It will not punch. The second disappointment is that there is nothing to help you center the hole punch on your card, there's no guide edge, or nothing you could flip up to make a guide edge. So, you have to either guess where the middle of the card will be, be content to have uneven cards, or put another card that is already punched over this one, lay it on the punch, remove the extra card, try to keep it in place, and punch it. I couldn't do that, either. It is impossible to hold this thing and do all of that at the same time. So, no way to get the holes lined up, even if you could get them to punch, which I couldn't. My last complaint is that the punches themselves are just plastic and they aren't sharp enough to go through anything. Not like a regular hole punch or it's cousin, the handheld hole punch, which have round metal disks that punch your holes. If I still had the packaging, I would return this.
1,The colour is painted on, producing spots and chipped paint.
1,The item did not meet my needs. I think i will try the Neat because this item did not work for me.
1,Did not last a week of use.  Amazon refunded
1,THE EXPO MARKERS, NOT REALLY SO GOOD TOO ME. I DON'T LIKE THAT WHEN I WIPE THE BOARD I HAVE TOO WIPE A BIT HARDER TO GET THE MARKER OFF THE BOARD..I DON'T LIKE THIS THAT MUCH..I CHOOSE THE EXPO MARKERS BECAUSE IT SEEMS LIKE THEY WILL WORK OKAY..I ALSO CHOOSE IT BECUSE IT WOULD NOT HAVE A LOULD SMELL,THAT WAS A PLUS, FOR ME. I WOULD NOT BUY THE EXPO MARKERS, AGAIN I WILL BUY A DIFFRENT BRAND NEXT TIME AND MAYBE SEE HOW THEM WILL WORK FOR ME.I WON'T REALLY RECOMMEND,THESE MARKERS TO ANYONE BUT YOU CAN DO OR BUY WHAT YOU LIKE AND WHAT WORK'S BEST FOR YOU..BUY WHAT YOUR MONEY CAN SPEND..
1,Absolute piece of junk.  Hard to feed, sparks fly out of the top (Amazon better take notice of this) and very small capacity.		You get what you pay for.  Avoid this item.
1,wasted money.
1,These are on a level of the pens that are chained to the counters of businesses around the world. They skip, don't write dark enough to be read, and didn't all work. I love Staedtler products, but this is a huge MISS.
1,I don't like writing reviews like this and would just let it pass.  But Amazon keeps sending me requests, so:  Don't waste your money.  Wish I had mine from college 25 years ago.  This is SO lightweight I would be afraid to rub an eraser across it.  And it won't even lay flat because it isn't flat.  Oh well . . . .
1,the pink one doesn't work and the purple ink is very light.  it does write smoothly but that is not enough for me to reorder.
1,Got the printer in 2014 for 69 bucks.  Haven't used it much, but when I do it prints well.		I pulled my hair out for a day trying to get it to print recently.		Finally, I cleaned the nozzles, etc. and what do you know....after previous blank pages, it started printing again.		I have decided that I have to print something every single day....		you have to keep the nozzles from getting clogged.  Printing uses less ink than cleaning them.
1,This product didn't work for me at all.  The only redeeming element, if its something you need, is that it raises your feet to a different angle vs resting them on the floor.  Other than that, its really cheaply made of low quality plastic.  The footrest is hard and uncomfortable.  The foot massage part is the worst I've ever encountered because the massage beads have no depth between them.  I used a wooden foot massager for years that was substantially better. I found no therapeutic qualities whatsoever to this Safco unit.		Sorry Safco, I found your product to be a disappointment.
1,VERY CHEAPLY MADE.
1,Comes with no directions--not even a diagram to show how to load the staples.  And as one reviewer said in answering a question:  "The key is loading the staples correctly!"  I've loaded many staplers without difficulty, but this is so small (and cheap quality) that I fear it would break if I continued to to experiment with loading it.  If they were not going to supply any directions at all, it should have come pre-loaded so that at at least the buyer  new to such a tiny stapler could see how it's loaded.  But aside from that it seems like a toy that could easily break.  I shall be returning it.
1,Breaks all the time
1,This ink is actually great, but every time I have to purchase it, I do so through gritted teeth. It's so damned expensive. Can anyone really tell me that these cartridges could not be re-used and help to save the environment and that they couldn't be cheaply refilled? I doubt it. It's price gouging, pure and simple.	Still, they are excellent quality inks and that's why they get a star, but HP, if people are angry every time they have to pay you for new ink, is that a great way to do business? I don't think so.
1,Doesn't fit in my (normal size uline) tape gun
1,Does not work on Lexmark 4650.  Gives error message to remove tape but there is no tape on it.
1,Convenient, but pretty flimsy.  Good if you get a rental truck or something, not good for mailing.
1,I have over 300 Copic markers, most of which I have bought on-line.  I have never, ever received one in the condition of this one.  There was this huge sticker that was so old on the body of it, that it took forever to remove....literally had to use a liquid cleaner to get it off after trying to pick & peel it off b/c I could not put it in with the rest of my collection without ruining them.
1,The action on this was very stiff.  I would have returned it but a co-worker with an older one was willing to swap with me.
1,The picture makes it look like this mousepad is very large in comparison to the mouse, it's not. Sitting in the center of the mousepad my mouse takes up about 40-50% of the mousepad. Not a lot of space to move around. Misleading picture. Very expensive for what it is. Would not recommend.
1,"You get what you pay for" I guess applies here. Very excited to have found this GREAT DEAL (insert eye roll). A fool and his money are soon parted. Turns out the mongrel ink has to "warm up" for 3 pages before it'll print anything legibly, Not happy. Will not buy again.
1,This arrived disassembled, and the parts appeared rusty and greasy. It was very messy to put together. I was also terribly unhappy with the size. It was advertised as being able to hold binders, which is what I bought if for, but binders do NOT fit. I ended up keeping it and making use of it elsewhere, while I had to buy something else for my binders.
1,not very sturdy. It's comfy but because it wasn't very full of beads, it didn't really help with keeping my wrists propped. Had to buy another one.
1,this printer has been used for less than 100 pages and was returnable on the 24th of the month. It is now the 27th and has jammed four times in the last two days and keeps telling me that there is a problem with the black cartridge, then the color cartridge. In each case, they were original HP cartridges and now it won't print at all. I guess this is why you should never buy a refurb. Oh well, we live and learn!
1,Purchased this to replace older DETC 6.0 phone system.  Quality is worse than prior system.  I purchased only to get the Blue Tooth function to use with my noise canceling headset.  That works fine.  Its just the cordless handsets that have lower sound quality.	BTW, I had hoped added Blue Tooth feature would work from the Handsets instead of/addition to the base unit.  No such luck.  You are limited to typica BT range from base unit with any BT headset.  Having BT on handsets would really make this a 5-star contender.  Assuming the audio quality proved acceptable.
1,My printer grabs 2 pieces of this paper all the time. It never did that with other paper. Threw the rest away.
1,Instructions completely in Japanese or Chinese or something. I had to figure out how to get the paint flowing unfortunately I did and paint came pouring out.
1,Pure crap. Works ok but the machine says low toner won't read the new cart
1,We moved to a new house and our old Panasonic KX-TG101S wouldn't cover all of the rooms. The handset would lose contact with the base station & we would have to return to an area where it would receive signal. I bought these product -KX-TG7645- based on the reviews saying that this set had excellent range.		However, the situation is not much better. This new set seems to have the same range problems as the older one. The max range is about 35 feet from the base station. Even a direct shot between 2 rooms 45 feet apart with 2 walls & an outdoor area doesn't work. Forget the 2nd floor!		Is there something that I can do to make this work throughout my house? Any help would be appreciated!
1,I got theses with the intent of using them for my coloring books, unfortunately I don't think they are going to work well for coloring.  Typically gel pens are very smooth and vibrant.  These pens seem "scratchy" when writing, also a lot of the colors are very muted.  Definitely a disappointment.
1,Was smaller than expected, I could not get my ID in the front.  Also the cording was very thin and already pulling out of the back - and I never even put it on.  I returned it immediately.
1,Bought two of these and neither is working after a couple of months.  Look for another brand!
1,Bit flimsy for moving as tear easily. I had a few boxes that I repacked as they were too easy to tear even when sliding.
1,I used this twice and it worked fine. Today I tried to use the thing and it would not turn on.
1,I am disappointed! I love flat staplers, no bumps in the staple. However this one isn't made well! It makes the flat staples but the top of the stapler doesn't click in, so when I pick up the stapler it opens easily. Look at the picture and you will understand.
1,Elastic in back is very loose, so the seat slips down. Does not support back as a backrest.  Would not recommend this product.  One star for good delivery and packaging.
1,Very very slow, and needs books to prop up the paper going in/out so that it doesn't warp/bend as it dries. Will spend a little extra for something better.
1,Sharpens pencils when it works. But like all the westcott pencil sharpners I've bought over the past year, which is five, they die quickly. Haven't had ANY last more than eight months. Such a waste of time and money. As an artist it's frustrating to be working on a piece and have to stop because the fifths pencil sharpner you've brought stopped working. Ugh
1,I am not happy at all. These pencils break like no other. I haven't had the chance to draw with them yet, because sharpening them has been a horrendous problem. They're breaking constantly. Numerous pencils are half gone, and the rest are an inch or two down! I haven't even used them yet! This doesn't surprise me, because I had a few verithin styled pencils in a small prisma kit I purchased, and it's the same problem. Same issue with my manga set, portrait set and complete 150 set of the premiere soft cores. I decided to give it a two star, rather than one only because the colors are vibrant and beautiful. This is a real shame, I can guarantee you their pencils were very high quality before this. I'm not sure what's going on, but don't waste your money. I suggest the Faber castell polychromos. The polychromos are superb quality. I also like Holbein and Caran D'ache luminance. You will literally be sharpening all your money down the drain as the lead breaks over and over again. Prismas used to be my absolute favorite. After wasting hundred and hundreds of dollars in the last month alone, I'll tell you, these aren't the old prismas. They're all defective.
1,I'm 250 pounds and have found these mats hold up for about 8 months before cracking and breaking. Their guarantee was backed up by Amazon replacing my first mat for free, but it now is cracked and broken so I'm looking at other options for my 3rd mat.
1,I really don't like it when manufacturers make black ink pens blue.  Yes I should had paid more attention.  But it does write well at least.
1,The printer is a bit noisy, slow, and the wifi feature keeps disconnecting and making it very hard to print something since I have to restart and reconfigure settings constantly. It is affordable but I'm not convinced it was worth it.
1,I purchased these because it was the one recommended for my fiskar paper cutter from Amazon. When I got them it does not fit this paper trimmer.
1,Nothing like ordering a new pencil and getting one with a sticker on it thrown in a sizable box with some air packets, like it is some sort of second hand item or return?		 Upon analyzing the pencil the first thing I noted was that where the clip mechanism locks into the barrel it is held by a plastic recess...this metal clip being opened and closed a lot upon plastic material just does not bode well for the plastic parts. Upon taking the tip off and the grip there is plastic threads and plastic barrel underneath a metal "skin". Pretty much a metal veneer of sorts all along this pencil. I would think metal on plastic threads would not tend to hold up for a long length of time. My conclusion is this pencil while looking quite nice on the exterior, the quality and durability of basically plastic guts just will not stand the test of time. I see Pentel selling lots of these due to the durability issues, sadly another company that has always made products I have used and liked over the years has stepped quality down a notch. The design of plastic plastic threading/click mechanism being used against metal just defies common sense to me. They should have went the step further and maybe charged a buck or two more for a far superior product.
1,I bought a new home office chair that turned out to have an uncomfortable seat. I bought this cushion, thinking it would be as comfortable as my memory foam mattress. Not close. Not only was there no noticeable change in comfort, this pad is unusually small--not really standardized for the average work or dining chair. I suppose they have to size it to fit the smallest seat, but it really missed the mark.
1,thanks
1,I purchased this keyboard drawer with the intent to carry it with my laptop and plug-in keyboard with me when I travel.  Since it is portable, I figured I could just clamp this baby on any desk or table I might find onsite, thus allowing me to quickly and easily set up a little portable office and type away.  I do a lot of typing on my laptop, so I have a plug-in ergonomic keyboard.  It is very important for me to have my keyboard at the right position.  I did not want to go to the trouble and expense of purchasing a computer desk to set up in the other city.		This, I thought, was the perfect solution.		Sheesh.  Was I wrong. This sucker is huge.  It's so large that I don't have a suitcase or bag large enough to carry it in.		Then I discovered that I could NOT clamp it on JUST ANY desk or table.  This baby needs a full three feet of uninterrupted desktop width and two feet of uninterrupted desktop depth (front to back) UNDER THE DESKTOP in order to clamp it on.  It is too wide to fit on a card table, but even had it fit width-wise, the table leg folding mechanism was in the way.  Every desk or kitchen table or dining room table I tried to clamp it onto, had a vertical piece of decorative trim under the table top that prevented me from attaching the keyboard drawer to it -- or a brace or a leg or a shelf or a drawer or a support-something.		If your desk is an old wooden door supported by two filing cabinets, this will work perfectly for you.		Finally I tried it on my white plastic folding banquet table that is six feet across.  Voila!  The keyboard drawer fits nicely with mere inches before the table's handle interferes, clamps on easily enough.  There is space for my bulky ergonomic keyboard&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Microsoft-Natural-Ergonomic-Keyboard-4000/dp/B000A6PPOK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Microsoft Natural Ergonomic Keyboard 4000</a>and comfortable space for the mouse on the side.  I appreciate that the drawer is configured such that you can put the mouse either to the left or to the right of the keyboard.  The keyboard is at the right height, and has three different height settings that can be used.		I am pounding away on it right now as I am typing this review.  There is a bit of up and down wobbling with every keystroke, but not enough to deter me.  It seems quite sturdy and I am pleased with it.		I haven't decided if I am going to keep it or return it.  If I keep it, my dream of easy portability will be hampered by having to also carry with me this six-foot folding plastic table.  It might just be easier to find a cheap rolling computer cart with keyboard slide.		I'll post an update in a few weeks to let you know what I decided.  *Edited to add: For $20 I purchased a small used computer desk.  Since the keyboard drawer isn't exactly portable or travel-friendly, I decided it was cheaper to buy the desk, set it up once and leave it in the other city.  When the temporary job is done, the desk was so cheap that I can throw it away if it's too much trouble to bring it home.
1,I will never order remanufactured ink the color was horrible, black is okay doesn't last long
1,They are erasable but this means they are also easy t rub off. Not suggested for professional use. These are a bit better than the fluorescent ones though.
1,Printer cartridges don't last and dry out real fast. Very few copies per cartridge.
1,broke after 2 weeks
1,The phone itself works OK, however I have never had more trouble hearing others when I am speaking on this phone.  I constantly have to ask customer service reps to turn up their microphones, and even then it's really difficult to hear.  The volume on my end is turned up all the way.  It's so annoying that I tend to use my cell phone instead of the land line phone just so that I can hear the other party.
1,Only 3 of the 12 markers weren't dull. The rest were very light, you could hardly see it on the dry erase board. Definitely do not buy these from Amazon.
1,It works  well and is easy to setup, but I was told i make too many calls per day so after 5 days my service was shut off.
1,This looks solid and feels heavy, but they cheaped out on the dial, which is plastic, and could easily be pried off with a flat-head screwdriver. Also if you choose a combination where the letters are close together (e.g. OOP), maintaining a slight pressure on the latch and turning the knob will open the lock with eyes closed.		There should be a raised lip around the dial to prevent prying. The cost of that in manufacture would have been negligible. Then they should have spent the extra $0.50 and got a steel dial. Also the inner letter dials are plastic, and so a hammer blow on the latch might push down the lock enough to let it open.		If you hide this, then you are somewhat better off than if you had a fake rock. But my peace of mind with this item would be minimal.
1,Not worth the money.  Produces an ink trail in my printer.
1,I believe this would be bettercaher than a safelled a "Lock box" rat		I believe this is more a lock box than a safe. I have always thought of a safe as being hard to brake open.  While I wasn't expecting a Liberty safe, I was expecting more than a thin metal box.  If I had paid more than $100 for it, it would be going back.
1,Cute but too small.. But also erases rough and leaves black smudges.
1,I thought the correction tape itself would be in assorted colors!!!..... NOT!!! Only the plastic cartridges that they come in  are multicolored!!!
1,I received this book of file folder games and it looks like the back cover and several file game pages have been sliced through and ruined with a knife or another type of cutting device.  Sad cause three of the 20 games are ruined.
1,My mouse often lost track of itself on this (I have a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Microsoft-Sculpt-Touch-Mouse/dp/B008OEHPPM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Microsoft Sculpt Touch Mouse</a>), and this mousepad was quickly replaced by a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/3M-Precise-Mouse-Pad-with-Repositionable-Adhesive-Backing-Battery-Saving-Design-8-5-in-x-7-in-MP200PS/dp/B0017D5Z40/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">3M Precise Mouse Pad with Repositionable Adhesive Backing, Battery Saving Design, 8.5 in x 7 in (MP200PS)</a>&nbsp;for a number of reasons.		First, though it was attractive and had a good weight to it, this mouse pad reeked awfully, and the odor of it was quite unpallatable for several weeks, but I persisted, thinking, oh this too shall pass.		Second, though, my mouse pretty consistently lost track of where it was.  My mouse can track itself on most anything, but it had a lot of trouble tracking on this surface. This problem was pretty consistent throughout the mousepad's tenure.		Overall, with both of these major cons persisting, after two months, I got the 3M Mousepad, and I couldn't be happier I did.
1,Should have read reviews before buying. No glitter and very flimsy bendable plastic. Worthless
1,worst crap ever. These inks suck. I have been getting results with epson ink and replacement/refill inks from a company whos' product has been discontinued that are as good or better than any professional printer on earth. LD products wasted my time, materials and to add insult to injury, made me pay for return postage which defeated the purpose of buying inexpensive replacement cartridges. I will never do business with this company again. There is no excuse for selling an inferior product and robbing the public.
1,I purchased this for my parents' home. The main phone has no trouble working, but there is a problem with syncing all the phones together. The base would constantly be searching for one or both of the handsets. My parents still have the main base, but have done away with other two. I had a similar set of Vtech phones in my home, and they worked perfectly. However, my home is much smaller than my parents' space, so I'm thinking maybe the phones weren't within range.		I would've liked to have given this product a higher rating because I've had Vtech in my home for a number of year with no problems, but my parents can't enjoy the ease of using all three phones in different areas in their home.
1,I put the yellow cartridge in (multiple times) and ever since, the printer refuses to operate at all. Tinkered with it for days.  I'm not sure if its a bad cartridge or just yet another Epson printer that went kaput (this would be the third one so far).  That printer is out there in the dumpster.  It was a lousy printer anyway.  All those cartridges and it's color print quality was the worst of any printer I've ever owned.		Bought this printer for its wireless operation (which worked fine for about a year) but now have replaced it with a $50 HP, supposedly with wireless operation capacity. A little OT:  [On the topic of HP printers,  "Miss HP"  self-appointed CEO, that position  attained by repeated threats of gender discrimination, wants every last bit of your personal information (including your address)  just to set up the wireless operation (which didn't work anyway) apparently in some bizarre effort to sell you ink - and God knows what else]		These printer mfr's got you people by the nuts.
1,We had to return due to the colors being too much. Yeah..thought that was the point only to find out the boss said no.	Nothing wrong with them. I personally would have been happy with them.
1,NOT UNIVERSAL
1,i bought this shredder after using an old royal shredder for 15 years. i spent lots more on this one and in the first session of using it, it jammed so badly it stripped the gears and broke. I've already returned it and just can't get over how disappointing an experience it was.
1,I was very happy with this product until I upgraded to Windows 7-64. Oh well - this is the world we live in. I figure the least this company could do would be to offer us sufferers a discount on a pen that does work. I emailed them about this challenge and their response was - tough luck in so many words.		____________________		Lots of other reviews get into the details, so I won't bother. Let me just give my opinion of how I like the performance of this pen.		I do a fair amount of scanning and use this pen for spot scanning. It is even good enough that I have found myself using this pen to scan multiple pages, although that's not what it is best at.		The only challenge I have is when I'm trying to scan near the spine of a book. When the surface is not flat, the scan can go off into left field. When that happens, I simply go back - highlight the garbage - and rescan a bit slower and it seems to pick it up fine.		Some have said it is not that fast. I find it almost as fast as I can scan a line. I don't know what they expect from a pen scanner, but all in all this picks up very well, is extremely accurate, and is fast.		Someone else complained about having to carry the driver disk around with them. I don't have any problem with this either and use the pen on both a desktop and a laptop.		Keep the pen angle about right and you can scan up a storm.		I give it about 95% + accuracy (closer to 99% without spine pages.)
1,Update: I strongly suggest going about $20 more and buying the harder plastic covering; MUCH better; if you've already bought this... you could use it to put umbrellas on or extra shoes or something on so it doesn't go to waste.		I guess you get what you pay for. My co-worker and I have the same kind of carpet. However, his carpet protector doesn't stay as flat as mine. Our carpet is a low carpet. I think I should have bought more of a professional, harder plastic protector even if it's more expensive.
1,I was so disappointed that I had not noticed the description said, shelves corrugated fiberboard.  I need this immediately for my students papers in classroom  and It also took comparable time to put together. Otherwise I would be returning it. For the money made, I would never have believed cardboradvshelves. I am sick about this purchas...
1,Good price, but within a week it had a black line down the middle.
1,Ink flow is "out of control" otherwise I like the feel and the colors.  Now how do I get this "bullet proof" ink off my fingers"  ugh
1,I purchased this, praying it would actually last, for my classroom. It lasted a little while, about a year. I now own 5 and none of them work. My students think it's funny, until they need to sharpen their pencils.  It wasn't worth the money. I don't understand why a company can't make a quality product for a reasonable price.  I won't pay a lot any more; they're never worth it and never last!!
1,I purchased this printer directly from HP as a replacement for a M252dw that couldn't print anything dark or using yellows and browns with any accuracy. Lightening the color in the settings just produced lighter low detail images. I have the exact same problem here. I've burned a few dozen pages tweaking settings and I can't reproduce the color or detail on the screen. For the price of this printer I should not have so much trouble getting a good quality print out. HP just doesn't seem to be able to produce a good quality color laser printer anymore.
1,Quality was not good, I returned it.
1,IT REMAINS UNUSED
1,I would expect the cap of a ceramic pen from a no-name company that costs $9 not to stay on the pen top, but not from Cross. This pen cap does not -- will not -- stay on the pen while writing. Avoid this pen. Big mistake.
1,I don't print very much and this cartridge only lasts a couple months.	What a rip off.	HP says 200 Pages, there is no way I printed 100 on economical setting
1,Set an item on and every 2 seconds it dropped 1 oz....for almost a minute... I had to leave the item on the scale, turn it off. Then turn it back on and remove the box to see the weight...and according to ups I was STILL 25% OFF
1,I do not like this purchase!!!!  I am very dissatisfied, I want a refund!!!!
1,I ordered this product a week ago. And I have already been charged twice.	They advertise that the first 30 days are suppose to be on a free trial. And yesterday I spent an hour chatting with a technical person, who lied to me about the product. I tried to cancel, thats when I got charged a second time. I was told yesterday that the item I ordered still has not even been shipped. So I reported my card as lost hoping to recoupe the money the Scammers have already charged me. Even if the product was legit, I would not want to do buisness with a dishonest company.
1,DONT KNOW IF IT WAS A COINCIDENCE OR NOT,BUT AFTER I STARTED USING THIS MY PRINTER WENT OUT OF ALIGNMENT,STARTING LEAKING INK AND I HAD TO GET A NEW PRINTER!!!!
1,Sent by mistake. I don't like all those dots on my paper!
1,This fountain pen has a drag and the ink is not smooth. I love the look of the pen but seldom use it. It is quirky. I would not recommend it to people.
1,I loved the idea of retractable highlighters, and I really like Sharpie's marker-pens.  However, while convenient, these highlighter colors were way too dark; once highlighted, it was hard to read the text.  I prefer other highlighters, even if I have to uncap them.
1,In order to make sure the "drawer" fits under my desk with the keyboard, I have to keep it on the middle adjustment, and that means the keyboard is too low for comfort. The mouse slider is not sturdy and MUCH too low. I bought this to make my workstation more ergonomic and by the end of the first day, I was in severe pain. Back onto the desk the keyboard and mouse went. No pain since.
1,The plastic container broke in transit and whatever pins hadn't fallen out during the trip were scattered all over the box.  Would not purchase again.
1,I bought this based on the excellent reviews.  Just seems like an ordinary note pad to me.  Thin cover which came bent.  Not worth the price.
1,I feel lucky if it only prints two labels for every one I want.  Sometimes it will print the same one endlessly.  Also will not work with Microsoft Edge at all.  I only need this to print shipping labels for products I sell on Amazon.
1,Not secure, unless the end of the stems on your glasses are chunkier than the rest of your stems. If you know what I mean. The cord itself is nice, but the metal spring to adjust to tighten onto the stems is loose. I ended up trying to use a small pliers and squeeze them shut, it cut the rubber. So I removed the whole rubber thing and was able to slide the end hole of the cord onto my glasses, better, but not ideal. That means MY stems are very narrow, so the loose rubber piece would have come off by itself. Again, it the stem piece that rests behind your ear is wider than the rest of your stem, significantly so, it may hold for you. Otherwise, not recommended.
1,Bad design. Unless you are using a 2 inch binder you won't end up using all of these in the set. They are way too thick and the tabs are exposed along the sides when the binder is closed. The printable labels are cheap and take extra care to line up and put in without bending and creasing. Not happy with my purchase at all. Likely will return.
1,This is exactly what I'm looking for however, I refuse to pay $6.60 to ship something pocket size.  What a rip off....	DON'T BUY FROM THESE GUYS!  Shop around.	I wish I could give them NO STARS...that's what they deserve!
1,In the future I will look for a sturdier frame. Without previouys experience and no idea which the best, sturdiest, and strongest file frames were, I had to guess; I didn't guess well this time. The price woukld have been fine for a well made product but this wasn't; I assumed if it were mostly metal that would indicate a level of quality, I was wrong. It's a little short so the metal arms of the hanging folders I put on it lift up, fall off the frame and get tangled while the folder bottoms scrape the bottom of the drawer; they should just hang. Because the frame is very light and flimsy, the weight of normal files causes it to wrack and lean as far forward, or backward, as the folders on it allow. It will only remain upright if wedged up with something heavy. Adding folders requires that I move whatever is wedging it upright and then alter the arm length. Then, the entire frame just flops forward until I get enough new folders onto it to fit the new, wedged space. It was supposed to be able to sit alone on a desktop with folders hanging in it, forget about that, without support it will just fall over. It isn't even all that affordable, look for a better frame and possibly expect to pay more; but for what I did pay, it should have been a better product and deserves no stars but there was no option for that.
1,Cannot set the right side lock. Can't get any help from Vaultz.
1,Unfortunatey mine showed up broken and went back, the inner part was cracked and the pegs for putting the tape on the dispenser were the wrong length.  I will be finding one at my local store.
1,Label do not stick, had 5 return mail and had to repurchase postage. Ugg.
1,Awful! Didn't dispense smoothly, made a huge mess. Look elsewhere.
1,Neither eraser not the solution work
1,Pass. This is not a review on the seller, but rather a helpful alternative for individuals who are uneasy about buying the product due to the nature of the pages failing because of torn hole punches. I purchased a cheap 1/2" 3-ring hard binder, some pre-printed month tab dividers, some basic lined writing paper and printed up some blank monthly calendars (write in your own dates) and created a sheet on Google Sheets with the way *I* wanted to organize my monthly expenses with my spouse who pays half of the shared bills. Now I have something simply made, customized to my needs, cheap and reusable. Nothing to it. Hope this helps some of you!
1,I initially gave this product five stars......but that was before I walked away from my printer for a few weeks. I bought this brand new on June 1st, 2016....I ran off maybe a half dozen pages, if that. I came back today (9/24/16) and the ink will not work. It does not appear to be dry but it appears as if at the end of its life......a test shows that only 2% of each cartridge was used!!!  3 months later and there is no way to contact the seller to request a replacement. But I guess you get what you pay for. Buyer beware!  If you get 10 pages out of this then you end up paying as much or more than you would just buying the good stuff.		Note: I agree with the reviewers that said this item leaked. If I hadn't caught it in time it would have dripped all over my carpet, my clothing and everything else. It seems to install ok after that and I could have lived with it....if it worked.......but after sitting it became useless. What a waste!!!
1,I got these with the intention of packaging homemade christmas presents. However, I never did. The label area was a bit smaller than I had expected. Also the bags are either too small or too big for what I was making (various jewelry, or sewn and knitted items). I also wonder why the description online said that it was not to be used for food items. There was nothing on the actual packaging, that I could find, that said that it was not for use for food items. I wish that was clarified on the packaging. I wanted to use them for the chocolate caramel turtles I make every year, but not knowing *why* it gives the warning, I decided not to.
1,This ink cartridges arrived in a cardboard priority mail envelope. There wasn't any padding at all. 2 cartridges were completely ruined. The rest of the ink cartridges  were ok but honestly the quality of the ink is awful and a complete waste of money. The black ink prints faintly, almost in grayscale. The color ink is also very faint.
1,So look, its really hard to review any device where reliability is your main concern--the "pitch" of this printer is that it does away with ink cartridges in favor of refillable reservoirs in the printer itself.		Setup is basically as follows:	* Find all the pieces of blue tape holding the printer together. Remove them.	* Fill ink tanks, get moderate amount of ink on fingers.	* Plug printer in, LCD screen says to refer to "Setup Manual" -- No such manual in box. Press keys randomly, eventually printer primes itself.		The output of the printer looks great. Epson printers always *look* great. I've printed on card stock, photo paper and letter so far, not had a problem. It all looks great. The scanner is what you'd expect-- it looks alright. If you want to preserve your family memories? Buy a dedicated scanner--otherwise this will work fine.		Completely baffling things about this printer:	* This printers display is a 4 line single color LCD display. I've owned 3 Work Force printers all of which had color LCDs, it boggles my mind in this day and age why Epson would revert to this anachronism.	* No duplexer.	* This printer has no paper tray. Yep. No paper tray. It only loads paper from the rear feeder. Completely useless in an office setting. Epson was trying desperately to hit the under $500 mark with this printer. As another reviewer mentioned, "this is a $100 printer with $300 worth of ink." I think that assessment is dead on. Epson's willingness to do anything but give the consumer value for his money is "a joke but the punchline isn't funny."
1,The leads kept breaking. I ordered a different set
1,Check the measurements carefully.  I thought this would be a cute little sharpener but instead it's huge.
1,Wow. Rarely have I been so surprised and disappointed with an amazon prime purchase. Extremely poor quality with the printing on the pattern as you can see from my photo. Broken ink of red stripes. My ruler measures this at about 1/2 inch YET the description with their photo calls out the size of this sticker to be 2 INCHES. Someone lost 1 and 1/2 inches. Sending back. Also sticker doesnt stick completely as tips don't seal. Uggggg
1,I wanted a Palm Vx because I love the looks but finally settled on the Palm 3xe for several reasons.  1)  The hassle of charging a Vx when travelling is greater than the benefit of not dealing with batteries in  general use.  And a cradle or more expensive travel kit is needed for use  with a second computer or travelling.  2)  The cost of Vx accessories are  too high.  I liked the 3xe because I wanted to hot sync my computer at home  (3xe travel cable is only $17 compared with $40 to $50 for Vx) with my  computer at work where I used the included cradle (free with purchase).  And 3) the bulk of the Vx cases made them as big as the 3xe with included  flip lid.  And this cradle is $20-$30 on top of the price of the Vx.  The  bottom line: The the nice looks of the Vx cost $210 more with all the  accessories like a case and travel kit.  Not worth it.  I'd rather have two  3Xe's.
1,This ink does not fit the Brother Printer MFCJ460DW which came with the same number ink.
1,Hey great, this thing lasted maybe 3 weeks then quit in the middle of a critical job. This only after my HP printer decided my remanufactured wasn't acceptable and refused to print anything with it (sophia brand). I cannot believe how quickly this thing ran out of ink. I cannot believe I have a printer with brand preference. I have made so many mistakes here.
1,HORRIBLE!!!! Thought the number of good reviews would be legit... not so much! From the day i received this bundle of pens, i have had a difficult time using them - they either don't write and scratch across my art project or they randomly blob out!  What a mess.  Contacted the seller to complain about my experience with their defective product and their response was to send them back... sure, I could have done that - BUT - i let them I had tossed 6 pens at that point; unfortunately, there was not recourse suggested by the seller at that point.  So I'm suck with the remaining 54 defective pens.  Yay me!  Don't buy this product... unless you like being filched  of your money and have nothing to show for it.		The company contacted me to rectify my issues with these pens and sent me another set.  Second set has issues as well.  While i appreciate the company's willingness to replace the defective pens, I'm on raising my rating to 2 as the did step up... but alas this set isn't any better.  Disappointed.
1,Terrible design for letter size folders, as the folders easily fall through the spaces. The quality is good but the design of the frame is too wide / broad for letter size folders. Would probably work well for legal folders but terrible design for letter sized folders. Would not buy again.
1,Not great quality and the color is dull not like the vibrant teal in the picture. Very disappointed.
1,I tried to use them in my restaurants to mark cambros with dates.  The Health Department and my Staff love how easy these types of pens are and how legible things are.  Sadly these are not nearly as good as the other brand I regularly purchase.		These are harder to wipe off and last half the time.  The absolute worst part - regardless of how you plan to use them is that the tips soften and become wide and furry looking.  This makes the writing illegible after a short time.
1,I am a gel pen fanatic and with all the great reviews I had to try these.  I don't know if I got a bad batch but many (possibly over half) skip, scratch or the ink just simply will not flow.  I am extremely disappointed and will probably return them.  The pens that work best are the glitter.  Even the metallic goes down well but I noticed as I was continuing to color the page that the metallic areas were either flaking or fading.  I personally would not recommend this set.  It's sad though because the pens that work are super and just the fine line I need for some of my adult coloring books.
1,This is a cool pen that makes a bit of a statement (a really tiny bit of a statement, though) like my Moleskine grid notebook.  If you are like me, however, and plan on using it daily, it simply isn't worth your money because you will deplete this pen of ink too quickly.  Instead, write in your Moleskine with a Papermate Flair (http://www.amazon.com/Papermate-Point-Guard-Porous-Medium/dp/B0006VO194/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1394121715&sr=8-3&keywords=papermate+flair) - I use black but they come in many colors for those who need that.
1,Don't like them at all. They feel/sound scratchy, and the ink doesn't flow very smoothly/easily.
1,No support. Went flat as a pancake. Sent it back still looking
1,I bought this printer XP-630 in USA for bring with me to another country. I don't have to Know which model are for some country and which are not. Now I need to buy another cartridge 410 black and cant find anywhere in my country. Neither can refill.	Epson Venezuela don't response my question about it.	So I cant use any more this printer becouse Is impossible get or refill this cartridge.
1,Every one of these has given only light highlighting. They feel like they are drying out when new. I'm sure there are people who want a light application of ink. These would be right for that person. Retractable style is a definite advantage over keeping track of removable covers.
1,waste of money
1,Waste of money, fell off after a week, couldn't re-apply, wasn't holding even close to suggest max.
1,A pretty weak magnetic board - magnets do not adhere through a paper pattern to the board very well.  Good price, but barely a letter sized board.  Could do with being a little larger to fit the pattern on the board.
1,This binder would've came great if it didn't appear to be used prior and returned! The corner was all smashed in as if someone had filled it to capacity and dropped it on the floor one ring is a little looser than the others. It's a great binder other than the fact that I Purchased used goods or goods that were returned prior, not happy about that. But other than the cosmetic issues and the one ring  being a little loose it's working well for me. I'm currently in rolled in 11 credits of school did not have time to return it and wait for another one to be shipped. Occasionally my papers will slip out of the loose ring.
1,When I write I use a very light touch and hold my writing utensil at less than a 30 degrees angle to the paper - usually, I write with fine tip felt pens.		Unfortunately, as it turns out, one must use a heavier writing style in a more horizontal position or else the rotating mechanism on this pencil will not activate. I discovered this after a lot of trial and error as I had originally thought my pencil was defective because it would not rotate when I wrote.		I absolutely love the idea of this pencil and I had high hopes that it would keep a fine point for my writing style and prevent breakage. As there were no indications on how the rotating mechanism worked, I have to rate it poorly. A simple diagram on the back of the package would have gone a long ways for me understanding that it would not work with my writing style.
1,Very sadly,  No wrinkle was also no stick.
1,Doorstop does the job but because of the make up of the material it still slips a bit.
1,I found its height too short and provided inadequate elevation to my wrists. I returned it as it didn't function as I need as I  need to lift my wrists up to a level position with the keyboard.  Second and last attempt to buy online a wrist rest. I think in this case, going to a store is needed to see and touch before purchase.
1,The pens look nice but the caps are very lose. The caps have a plastic piece on the inside that holds the pen in place and do t work very well at all. The plastic part in the cap on my rose pen came out and I find the pens leaking more than my other fountain pens. On top of that they have a habit of coming undone a lot! I do not recommend these at all.
1,The top of this easer rips easily. For some reason dogs love to chew this, be careful if you buy this item and you have a dog. Otherwise the item works well.
1,The AVERY online template will not align with these. I do not know why they claim to.  I went so far as to call the 1-800 number and no lineup.  Not sellers fault.
1,The ink dries up fast. It will write well for about a week of average to light use. Do not put it down for 2-3 days, though. When you pick it up, the ink will be dry. Very poor value. :(
1,Arrived without casters, so is difficult to move, therefor is not very useful.
1,I had this Organizer for a bit and it already starts to come apart.	The side were its fused together ripped up.		I don't have many pages of paper in there...	So for that reason I don't understand how it came apart.		I will stick with other brands made from better materials.
1,Sorry but this tape does not tear easily with a tape dispenser and I have 3 different types. The other annoying thing is easily tapes to itself - or your fingers as you are trying to package something. I did not have this problem with the opaque tape.
1,don't buy, I have been using a friends very cheap stapler and it functions much better than these.
1,Ink for the best ball point, the Jotter
1,I love brother printers. I bought this one and the scanning is really slow, but the printing was good. Changed the ink for the first time, with expensive brother ink, and the printer is done. Tried everything brother has suggested. Keep getting error codes.
1,Doesn't stick as well as desired
1,The Vision Elite Rollerball Pens that I received were dried up completely. I tried everything to get them to work. I am unsure if this product has simply been stored too long or just a fluke. Not a good buy for me!
1,I ordered this card holder and honestly it did not hold up for very long before the spine broke. Would not recommend.
1,I bought this back in 2016, so now I can review how it has performed over time. Sadly, that's not well. The thin end where the lead comes out of is pretty delicate, and is prone to getting bent. If it is too bent, the lead will break coming out, or not come out at all. I was able to carefully bend it back into place. I lost the metal cap that fits over the eraser, and the eraser housing got pushed too far into the tube. I can no longer get it out at all. Because of the distance necessary to push the eraser to advance the lead is now obstructed, it is very difficult to advance the lead.	Are these issues partly my fault? Certainly, but a pencil is something I don't want to coddle and be delicate with. The rOtring is still a pleasure to hold and look at, but it is really not practical for heavy use.		Original Review: You do not need a $28 mechanical pencil, but you can certainly enjoy one. In an age of so much cheap crap merchandise, there is something refreshing and wonderful about having a sturdy, well-crafted piece of machinery at your fingertips. It is truly a pleasure to use.
1,The printer had been purchased as a replacement for a 20-year old HP Laserjet III.  My expectations of the new printer had been tempered; however, the product proved more disappointing than I could bear.  The unit was of flimsy build quality.  Print quality was poor.  There were numerous stray streeks on the printed pages. HP's once legendary service branch was of no help.		I exchanged the printer for a Xerox 6130 -- WOW, what a difference!!		I've been burned enough times with HP products during the last few years that it comes easy to write that this printer may well have been my last HP purchase.
1,Tape is great.  The dispenser is useless.  Tape feeds crooked, resulting in half the tape coming out wrinkled and useless. I've tried 3 different tape brands, and all come out crooked.  The tape cannot seat straight on the roll holder. I have an US made dispenser that I'll dig out of storage and  use instead of this junk.		I
1,Sorely disappointed. Very weak bond.  Surfaces properly prepared with de-greasing cleaning.  Some other reviews says this tape bonds nearly instantly. My experience is this had very weak adhesion even after waiting half hour. Easily peeled off.
1,I bought a few bottles of this Ink, including Baystate Blue, I tried the ink on two separate Lamy pens, and so far no luck, it writes for a few seconds then does not write at all.... I wrote to Noodlers for suggestion to get it to work, but bo feedback at all. I even tried soaking the ben nib in warm water and rwelly cleaned it out, but still not luck!
1,Sent this one back. The cushion is too firm.
1,Honestly I bought this thinking how wonderful an easy to use stapler that can take staples and brads. Just what I need for the house. And it SUCKS! I used it for a weekend project (stapling liner to my garden beds) and it just stopped working. It has staples loaded correctly but the mechanism does not go down. I have written the manufacturer and they have yet to get back to me. I only had it for a month before it crapped out. DO yourself a favor and buy any other stapler!
1,Not sure how people really use this.  Doesn't work on floor for me, as rollers on my desk chair run over it & really doesn't work on top of desk , too much stuff in the way - nice idea - usefulness, not so.  Since I can't really use it, can't say how effective it is - obviously not very, since I can't really use it.
1,I normally only purchage OEM cartridges for my wireless HP printer but thought that I would give a less expensive brand a try. I found that my HP software for the printer did not recognize it as being a full product but was able to get more than I thought that I would initially. This product is a viable option considering the price. I would probably purchase it again.
1,I couldn't figure out how to re-ink the stamp. Not user friendly.
1,No kind way to say this. Useless dispenser that doesn't  work.  Thin strechy tape that doesn't  want to tear off. Completely worthless. Tossed it all on the trash.
1,No sheets of numbers were included.  Only letters and a few of those other characters.
1,Ordered this 5610 hoping that because HP labeled it, it would work. Well, no such luck. In 20 years of computing I have had more trouble with printers than any computer. Including HP, Okidata, Canon, Epson, you name em. This particular one sounded to good to be true and it was. It printed, scanned and copied fine, even received a FAX ok, would not transmit one to save your life. Before sending back first one, had phone Co tech check dedicated FAX line, no problem. So, orded a second, as I read on-line that something called the LUL module had been acting up in these models. Second one arrived and exact same problem. So back it goes too. Cannot recommend. If you get one that works consider yourself lucky.
1,DESCRIPTION IS A LIE  -  Since this scale requires a 500g calibration weight and the average cost of this weight is the same price of the scale ( $8 ) I decided I'm going to just purchase another scale that WEIGHS GRAINS & CARATS OF WHICH THIS SCALE DOES NOT DO.	ALSO, I WILL GRAB A SMALL OBJECT FROM MY ROOM OR KITCHEN THAT WEIGHS IN THE RANGE OF 500g TO USE AS A CALIBRATION WEIGHT. What's the diff???		UPDATE - Dropping it to 1 STAR because after contacting manufacturer the scale DOES NOT WEIGH "GRAINS" & "CARATS" as stated in their description  but instead weighs "troy ounces" & "penny weight" whatever they mean. Also, I purchased the wrong 100g calibration weight as shown in the picture with this scale when the owners manual clearly recommends a 500g weight! I agreed to accept a $5.00 refund, keep the scale, and use it only for grams & ounces. So, if you too intend to use it for grains & carats I would double check with Seller before ordering this scale.		Only 3 STARS for now unless I learn I'm doing something wrong. The description states the scale provides four different measurements simply by pressing the "MODE" button: g (grams),  oz (ounces), ct (carat),  gn (grains)		NOTE - Absolutely essential it be placed on a flat surface for it to function properly.  Now, when I pressed the "mode" button to check the four measurements I got:	g (grams),  oz (ounces)  ozt (troy ounce)???  & dwt (penny weight)??? - NO gn (grains) & NO ct (carats) - PERPLEXING???		ALSO, I ordered a 100g calibration weight to go with this scale - However, only in the instruction manual when the scale arrived does it state a 500g calibration weight is recommended.  Why did they not say that in the description???  So I'm a little disappointed it DOES NOT WEIGH GRAINS OR CARATS AS STATED IN THE DESCRIPTION  since that's one of the primary reasons I purchased this thing and THE PICTURE SHOWS THE INCORRECT 100G calibration weight to be purchased together with this scale. Owners manual recommends a 500g Calibration Weight.		ALL THAT SAID -	(A)  OVERALL MEASUREMENTS ARE:  5"L x 3"W x 1/2"thick	(B)  ACTUAL STAINLESS WEIGHING SURFACE:  3"L x 2.8"W		I WILL RAISE IT TO 5 STARS IF I LEARN IT CAN WEIGH GRAINS & CARATS - until then I feel very mislead after carefully reading the description and the reviews.
1,No where on this box nor on Sharpie's website does it state that these pens are 0.2mm.  I purchased these in good faith, and tested them against my 0.3mm pens.  These Sharpies are CERTAINLY thicker than 0.3mm.  I bought them specifically because I wanted pens thinner than those I already have.  Sadly, they're not returnable.
1,Would be nice if the tabs were long enough to actually go into the grooves so the box could take shape. Using tape.
1,The cartrages have dots and linesof color (mostly black).  Just poor in appearance.  I can't use the printouts for anything that a customer might see.
1,Despite six weeks of effort including five hours on the phone with HP, the scanner never worked.  HP promised on three different occasions to have an engineer call me the following day to fix my problem.  They never did call.  So I finally returned the printer and purchased a Canon MP610, which works well.		Here are some other serious problems with the HP C8180.		It takes about a minute to make one copy.		The HP software is highly invasive.  It includes resident programs for ordering ink and spyware to report to HP on your printer use.  Their software slowed my computer down.  When I complained to HP, they acknowledged the problem and sent me a link to a website with instructions on how to disable all of their programs.		I am an electronics engineer and began using HP electronic instruments in 1958.  For decades I was an enthusiastic HP fan.  But now I doubt that I'll ever buy an HP product again.
1,Some of these are two to eight years old...  You need to check... Not good....
1,only the fine and the medium work with the Cricut Explore...My fine one seems dried up only two days after opening the package and I haven't left the lid off...so...maybe sending it back..
1,Cheaply made. Can't fit many papers on the clipboard.
1,Lousy. Try LD brand.
1,I love this product.  It comes covered with plastic film that was very hard for me to remove around the plastic clip.
1,The boxes had bent ends, bent sides, and a few gouges. Some are unusable.
1,I had to replace another OfficeJet that died two days after the warranty expired.  It was a decent machine, or at least I thought.  I was used to it.  I just bought this piece of junk and was unable to get the software to run correctly.		First of all, I couldn't figure out how to save the scan preferences, except by creating an annoying shortcut.  Why can't they just be saved globally?		More importantly, whenever I click on Settings/Scan, I get an MSI-type installer screen, and it takes a long time to get to the settings.  HOURS on the phone and online with HP support (in India) didn't get the problem resolved.  It turns out to be an Adobe Flash problem on a new Windows XP machine.		I'm taking it back and I'll buy what I should have bought before - a Lexmark!		HP used to make good stuff, but those days are long gone.
1,In combination with Adobe Acrobat this scanner was doing everything I needed. The scanner saw light use for just over a year scanning occasional one and two-sided documents and receipts.		Then all of the sudden it started clicking while feeding paper, probably some gears got stripped. Now the scanner feeds one page at a time only. When trying to put multiple pages, it gobbles them all at once. Paper separation lever switching does not help. Removing and reinstalling rollers does not help.		I am unable to find repair documentation or spare parts (besides rollers, which are not a problem in this case).		It looks like these things are designed to break just out of warranty.
1,since 3/8/13 to 6/5/13 it was broken reel.that about 3 months short time. better way buy solid metal line than reel line..
1,Received damaged three times
1,I bought this printer because it requires only 2 ink cartridges, and the ink cartridges have done well.  The print quality is good.	I give it only 2 stars for two reasons:		1. I found the setup of the printer to be somewhat convoluted--going through a complicated process through my router and the internet.  Other printers all that was needed was to enter your router information and password and you were ready to go. It made me wonder what kind of information HP can collect from me.		2.  The biggest problem is that the printer defaults to legal size paper so I have to remember every time that I print to go through 3 menus to change to get to the place where I can change the paper size.  I have not found a way to change the default setting.		3. Printing wirelessly is a nightmare.  The screen indicates it is connected to my network but it will not print.  I have to go through the printer setup and reconnect.  sometimes it works sometimes is does not work.  I will never buy HP printer again.
1,The flow on Pilot's fountain pens are not very good. I bought from Amazon and Office Max and came to the same conclusion, just buy a regular pen and save the money.
1,HP wants you to buy ONLY original inks, which are quite expensive. Otherwise the printer warms up forever and does not recognize the generic inks! WHAT A SCAM!!!
1,Dry and crumbly.  Is not easy to knead
1,I thought these would be a little more heavy duty but there is not weight to them and they fall over easily and have to be assembled which was a pain.
1,I just LOVE the idea of this pen, and some of my favorite pens have been of the flex type. I love the looks of this pen, and its size, weight, and balance are perfect for me. The cap may be posted and stays posted. However, this pen is very finicky to keep working properly, its flex is too stiff, and in use it's scratchy with too much paper resistance. It takes so much pressure to flex the nib that the paper approaches its tearing point and my handwriting becomes difficult to control and unattractive. As a result I avoid flexing it, which defeats the entire purpose of the pen, and as a non-flex pen it doesn't have much to recommend it beyond good looks and balance. Yes, I know that the pen may be adjusted by varying the absolute and relative positions of the feed and nib and I invested about 90 minutes and a bottle of ink doing so. The best I achieved was making matters much worse and then eventually getting them back to baseline. Yes, I know that the feed is hand-cut and needs to be washed/flushed before use and I did all that. Short version, those that purchase this pen should manage their expectations.
1,Well, in general I have liked 3M's Commander series of products. I use them on the backs of many household doors to provide a hook for jackets, robes, etc. So I was happy to try the Poster Strips.		I can't say I am impressed with this product. I used this product to mount a monthly calendar to my office wall. After about 6 months, I went to change the calendar.		3 of 4 strips removed the paint from the wall.		Their product advertising states, "the mounting solution that holds on strongly, comes off cleanly! 3M's patented stretch release technology offers strong holding power and damage-free removal. The innovation - forget about nails, screws, tacks or messy adhesives that damage your walls. Revolutionary Command Adhesive works great on painted surfaces, wood, tile and more. Comes off cleanly leaving no holes, marks, sticky residue or stains."		I supposed that's partly true, it did not leave residue. It also did not leave the paint on the wall.		Sorry, this one is a FAIL.
1,Well...if you want a tidal wave of ink after you attempt to try and prime the pen, then this might be one way to go. I followed the instructions carefully, and the first thing that happened, was that the nib got stuck up inside the pen. When I finally managed to retrieve it (with tweezers) the pen flooded and made a mess out of the test paper I was using with it. (Thank goodness it wasn't the drawing I was attempting to use it on.) I cleaned up the tip and tried again. Same result. I can't speak for this entire line of products, but this particular pen was a waste of money and effort. I hope they aren't all like that.
1,This is not an everyday ink that you can use to take notes, write articles, or even sign your names on checkbooks.		There are two fatal problems associated with this ink:		First, it feathers and bleeds like crazy. This is the worst ink I have ever used in terms of feathering and bleeding. It just feathers and bleeds badly on any paper I can find, be it notebooks of different brands, copy paper, checkbooks, sticky notes, you name it, when other blue ink, such as LAMY blue, Parker Quink work nicely.		Second, the color card and the product description show that this is a bright/light blue. However, the bottle I got is clearly blue black, no matter I use fine nib or medium nib to write. I suspect the color dye in this ink degraded overtime.		Overall, I bought this ink because of the vibrant color shown in the description, the good reviews, and the rich features list (e.g. water proof, bullet proof, eternal color, cold resistant). Unfortunately, the color I got is not the color shown. Further, if the ink feathers and bleeds like crazy on any paper, it really doesn't matter whether it has a long list of feature or not.
1,While I liked the interior pockets and elastic straps to hold the cords, the poor design of elastic closures on the organizer prevents me from giving this product anything but a one star. The organizer was extremely challenging to close even without much in it. And one of the two elastic holders broke loose after one week of light use, meaning the organizer was held together with the elastic strap on one side only. It was worthless and I had to return it for a refund. (It was also fairly hideous looking, although that was not very important to me.)
1,No answering machine option....No, the advert didn't say there was one.  But what phone nowadays does NOT have an answering machine option, so you can screen calls?  This is too much like a cell phone, where you can only hear a ring and check caller ID before deciding whether to go to voicemail.  It's an AT & T, so I am very surprised.  Again, advertisement did not say there was one. But with the words "high quality" in the headline, come on!
1,This is my second purchase. If you need a printer/fax. Its not bad.  It does those two things without much trouble.  Let me add a caveat to that, if you need to print the same size paper every time it's not bad. It prints, not fast, not the most amazing images I've ever seen, it's not special in any way.  Skip the driver disk because when you have a problem they'll ask you if you have the latest driver installed, which you won't unless you go to their web site and download it directly.  Save yourself the headache.  The software is nice because it's not full of bloatware like HP, it's simple and straight forward.  The bad part comes where anything you want to change MUST be changed through the printer.  Want to print an evelope? Sure set up the computer to print to envelope size, then insert your envelope into the slot (slot, no tray) then navigate through the menus until you find the size and weight of the paper you're using then it may print.	Want to scan something in? No problem just go over to the printer and tell it you want to scan then go back over to the computer and begin your scan.  This is a machine designed by someone who got a brief description of features a printer should have then got into a fight with the Windows driver programmer about who was more important to the project.  What you get is a bunch of stuff that wants to run standalone, but it won't talk to the computer without a written invitation.	I bought two of these. The first was for the office where it needs to do everything, and do it well.  It didn't but because of the price we're keeping it just to do duplexing (no this one doesn't do duplex the other one I bought is a cdw) I bought this one for home use because the first go around the canon guy said you just have to set the page setup on a document and it will print to the tray without a problem.  Since for home use I only needed to print on 8.5 X 11 or envelopes I could deal with it.  The price was too good to pass up.	If you are willing to maul this thing every time you want to do something out of it's comfort zone then by all means its a great price for a decent printer.  If you're looking for an office workhorse that will be simple to run look elsewhere.  Also it's unexceptable in this day and age for a printer not to have an SD card slot.  SD is the current standard, I doubt it would have added five dollars to the price of the printer.  Wake up Canon, your printer can't do the same work as the fifteen year old machine it is replacing.
1,Peeling off after about a month of use. I find them in the washer, or they fall off while being worn. They look great when they arrive; they just don't last very long.
1,THIS DIDN'T COUNT CHANGE PROPERLY.
1,Bought at Best Buy yesterday.  Stayed up til 3 AM trying to get it to work.  Still doesn't.	I change to zero stars today; Techs can not help me.  Got to be a better printer.  Need to return to store.  I've had several techs unsuccessfully try to help me.
1,It seems Brother is cutting corners are some pretty important features. One being that it does not have a backlight for the LCD screen; which means you can't put the machine on a stand, or table that doesn't have full view looking down on it.	Brother continues to argue that the "contrast" is a better feature, but they are wrong. It is a cheaper feature, but not a "better" feature.	This machine is also bulky, and has several cheap trays that catch paper, and guide paper.		Before this machine I had a 2820. It was simple, and it worked flawlessly for almost 10 years. If I wasn't worried that they were going to discontinue the toner cartridge for that machine, I would have ordered another.		I should note that I work in an industry that requires heavy use of the fax machine, and in this case I ordered two for two different departments on the basis that Brother makes a great fax machine, and we had two down.		In hindsight of what we got - I wouldn't have ordered these.		Also - it said free shipping, but I ended up paying $30 per machine for shipping.
1,I purchased this do to the good reviews. It was very easy to install both on desk top and wireless laptop. What I didn't like was how much it sucked up ink and I only used it to test a few printed pages and one picture. In one week my black ink was down to 1/2 and the others at 3/4. I have never used that much ink in a printer so that was a real eye opener for me and yet the box says you will get less pages if you don't use it all the time. The other thing was the pages ended up on the floor because the extender was so short. Then it started making a high pitch noise after it printed very soft high pitch but it drove me nuts. Decided there were just to many things that I had a problem with so I am keeping a band aid on my old printer until I can figure out which one to replace it with. Very disappointed. I did notice after you registered it they wanted you to immediately to rate it. You can not really rate until you have used it for a while so I wonder if that is why all the great ratings. I ended up returning it to the store. I did call Epson tech support and they were really nice and would replace it. Problem I have now is what to replace my old one with as they all sound not very good.
1,Did anyone notice that this calendar is MISSING the month of MAY. I did not bother to check it when I got, when I went to turn the page	for MAY there was no MAY there.
1,Total crap. May actually work with JinHao brand, but worthless on every international pen I have tried.
1,As other reviewers have noted, these staples are an absolute waste of money. They look pretty in the box, but once you start to use them you find out that the color is (cheaply!) painted on and does not hold. It falls/flakes/chips off in the stapler, on the paper and basically everywhere else. The mess it makes is ridiculous and, to be frank, the staples look like absolute garbage when they're all gouged and flaked and have paint hanging off of them in strips.		Honestly, this is an incredible waste of money and they simply do not perform. They look nice until you try to use them, but by the time you staple them onto something, you've got a mess in your stapler and an even worse mess on the pages you just stapled together. Really, really not worth it and I would advise anyone looking for colored staples to please look elsewhere. You will be terribly disappointed by these.		Would give 0 stars if I could, but 1 is the minimum.
1,Having worked in the printing industry, I should have known better than to order RED when I intended MAGENTA.  Unfortunately, I didn't realize the mistake until it was too late to return it to Amazon.  There was nothing wrong with the ink, but my printer, a Canon Pixma MP800, wouldn't recognize it.  So this is simply a reminder that the 3 primary subtractive color process (for white paper) uses YELLOW, MAGENTA and CYAN.  The 3 primary additive colors (of light) are RED, GREEN and BLUE.		More than you needed to know, right?
1,The only positive feature about this stapler is its slim profile.  Other than that, it's pure junk.  It only staples about half the time.  The part that pushes the staples down does not match up well at all with the staples.  After only about 10 uses the flimsy metal parts inside are starting to bend, so I'm sure it won't last long.  You have to push down very hard to get the staples to penetrate even 3 pieces of paper, let alone the 12 claimed by the manufacturer, so it feels like it will quite literally fall to pieces in your hand at any given use.  Yet another waste of time and money.		Update: worse than junk. I went to my math class about 20 minutes early and the classroom was quiet as people were studying for the midterm. I had to staple 3 sheets of paper, and the stapler made a very loud pop - but did not staple.  Finally it worked on the 4th try. Very embarrassing. I threw it in the trash immediately.
1,no metallic inside like others I've had
1,Anyone who sticks removable notes on their desk knows how it can be annoying when they curl up and get snagged easily.  These "Lay Flat" notes are supposed to fix that with an extra strip of glue close to the bottom end of the paper (leaving about 3/4" on unglued paper so they can still be grabbed).		The problem is that the glue is not so good.  It works OK for a single sticking, but it does tend to start peeling away at the top corners.		In the product image above, provided by the manufacturer, these notes are shown wrapped around a tube with an address written on them.  They have got to be kidding.  I wouldn't even use them for a temporary notation like that, lest they fall off and the addresses get re-attached to the wrong tube.  These sticky notes can barely hold onto a flat desk.		I gave them 2 stars instead of one because they are still useful for a temporary single-stick use on my desk (and I will use them up for that purpose).  But they aren't any good for much else.
1,Neither the green or pink will feed itself.  The black on white cartridge I bought from dymo works great but the colored ones won't feed.  Very disappointed
1,This is the second time I ordered this product and they are not very good.  I feel they are not as strong as the envelopes I had ordered the first time and the seam split on one of them as soon as I opened it to look at it.  I noticed this shipment was fulfilled by Amazon LLC directly, the first order was provided by devineproducts. I returned these ones as soon as I received them and I just ordered again from divineproducts. If the new order is the same quality of the first batch I will update the stars on this review. BTW, the Amazon price was about one dollar less than the ones from divineproducts, but if my new order is the higher quality ones, then it is worth it.  So pay attention to who the product is provided by.		UPDATE 2/18/16: Sorry for the delayed update. The second order from devinproducts was not the same quality as the first shipment, so I returned them.  They were the cheap, tear easily that everyone is complaining about.  I did notice that is was fulfilled from the Amazon distribution center, so that may be the key.  It would be great if anyone with the good mailers could comment on who fulfilled your order.
1,well folks another piece of crap from vtech.... they state that the display is back lite . well it is but you cant see anything..... it is so dim that you don't even know it there.... if u are looking for a phone that has a back lite display  don't buy this one..... and the letters are so small you need a 15 times mag' glass to see it... pure junk..... of course amazon has nothing to do with the ad...... this is my second phone from amazon this week that is a complete disappointment..
1,Two defective out of the 5.  One of the key rings is twisted.  Can't even add keys to it.  One of them won't even separate.  Junk!
1,After a few days of use I found this set to be worthless. While the product literature claims 8 hours of battery life, one of the phones ran out of battery after less one hour of talk (speaker). And, yes, I DID charge it for more than 16 hours the first time.		I suggest that, if you are planning to use these phones off the charger for more than a few minutes at a time, you look for something else.		What follows is the review I wrote BEFORE I became aware of the super-short battery life on these sets. Everything else that I wrote is still valid.		THANK YOU AMAZON for making it so easy to return it.	___________________________________________		This is a basic implementation of the relatively new (2005) DECT standard for cordless phones.		Some of the advantages of DECT 6.0 include:		- easier to implement multiple handsets sharing one phone jack connection via one common base (have it on a 5.8 GHz set as well)	- easier to implement intercom features between individual handsets (have it on a 5.8 GHz set as well)	- extended range, up to 300 feet	- low power consumption and, therefore, extended battery life	- better performance in areas experiencing heavy radio traffic	- not affected by Wi-Fi or Bluetooh signals (neither are the 5.8 MHz)		This specific set meets most basic expectations for a multiple-handset plus answering machine bundle but it does not go much further than that. After a couple of weeks of use, these are my observations, positives first:		+ I confirm that the DECT features, as I enumerated them above, are  implemented. I can walk farther away without losing signal, there's no Wi-Fi disturbance and the intercom feature is avaialble.	+ Intercom use is easy.	+ The answering machine works as expected - up to 99 messages can be recorded.	+ Basic features we expect in a cordless phone are available: caller ID, call waiting, 3-way calling, mute, speaker.	+ It is easy to transfer a call information (name, phone number) directly into the directory.	+ 10 different ring tones are supported but, when set to 'high', because of the cheap internal speakers, just about every ring is VERY annoying.	+ Backlit keys.	+ Easy to use menus.		- The claim of '8 hour talk time' turns out to be somewhat exaggerated. With the speaker on, I can count for about 2 hours, possibly 2.5 hours of talk time with new batteries. This is probably due to the sets using some VERY small batteries.	- I agree with other reviewers observation that the shape of the handset is far from 'ergonomic'. I always use these sets with the speaker on so this is not an impediment to me.	- They lack headphone jacks. This is a MAJOR minus in my view. When I ordered this set I simply assumed that there will be phone jacks because most sets have them these days but I was wrong.	- They lack belt clips.	- The handsets speakers can be loud but the quality of sound is more of the 'strident' quality. I am trying to muffle it somehow by placing the set on a soft surface rather than directly on the desk and this softens the sound somehow.		When it comes to overall rating, I must consider the fact that this is a V-Tech set. V-Tech tends to imply 'inexpensive' but that usually translates into 'few frills' or 'not necessarily high end'. This is a set that I can use but, to my surprise, it's not superior to my old (2-3 years old) Motorola 5.8 MHz sets except maybe for the somewhat extended range. The lack of headphones support was a big disappointment and the quality of the speakers is a major negative too. The battery life, while in line with most other phones in this class does not come close to the manufacturer's claim of '8 hours'.		Since I am keeping this set and I find it marginally useful, I can not rate it as a one or a two-star product. Three stars seem to be fair. I will be using these phones when the Motorola sets need recharging - I work from home frequently and I sometimes spend the entire day in conference calls - but they are not likely to become my primary phones.
1,Cheap knock off crap
1,I bought 2 of these case's from eBoot. I had already purchased 1 that was pnk from another company that I really liked so whem i saw these blue ones and they where a few dollars cheaper I decided to buy 2 more because they are mice to keep my colored pencils organized.		So anyways I opened the first one and noticed that the corners had the color gone, than I was putting pencils in and a couple of the pieces that hold the penciks are not connected to the case so they are just sticking up at the end. There are a lot of thred sticking up and not sewed correctly. The inside looks all bent up also. It looks nothing like the quality my other one is. Since this one was messed up I went and opened my second one. Not only was that the same as the other one of the compartments doesn't even have a zipper so I can not open it. The inside is also sticky. Looks like maybe the material moved befor they sewed it and the sticky part is out in the sides. I would not buy from this company.  These cases are great but way to many problems to save a few dollars.
1,The cap is SLIPPERY PLASTIC and is nearly IMPOSSIBLE TO OPEN! Because the makers of this antiquated product care so little about their customers I have the answer on how to open it without using pliers, simply put DOUBLE STICK TAPE around the cap and then you can get a grip on it and open it! I can't believe they would make something like this with such a major flaw! If you make it difficult for us to open your product we're on to the next one. Won't purchase again.
1,its not comfortable....feels like a not comfortable position for the feet.
1,They are not recognized by my WorkForce 830
1,no front wheels in package
1,This machine is your standard, average typewriter. Nothing spectacular about it. It's functional and gets the job done. My only issue with this Brother machine is that on the outside of the carton it came in, it says "Made of New & Recycle Parts reconditioned from Brother recycled parts". This stumped me for a little bit before it dawned on me that Brother had somehow "Frankensteined" this typewriter from new and old recycled parts. Now from the naked eye, I can't tell what parts are recycled but because they wrote that on the box, I'm thinking that it's true.		I think customers thinking of buying this machine should be aware of this little fact. Brother needs to better disclose this when selling this item because I think that people assume if the word "refurbished" or "used" is not part of the product description, then they assume it's new. I did and I was wrong. I had to take 1 star away for that.
1,Not like at all
1,This one is going back - after about a month of moderate use it just stopped working. The other reviews I read were so good, and i was disappointed.
1,When you fill this box with standard Pendaflex-style hanging folders, and put regular file folders inside those, and then try to put the lid on, the lid just sits loosely atop the folder tabs. This makes the box pretty much useless.
1,After correctly changing the ink cartridges my Canon MG5220 stopped working completely with and error message. I called Canon and they said there was no way to reset it and that the cost of servicing the printer would likely be more than a new printer/scanner. The bottom line is that  trying to save a few bucks with these cut rate cartridges cost me my printer and scanner.,
1,Beware, if you're a Mac user, this no longer works with Snow Leopard. Technical Support at Fujitsu emailed me back and said, "The expected ETA is going to be the end of this year" for them to fix this! Yikes. A great product rendered useless....
1,I received this printer for free when I bought a computer a few hours ago today (today's Black Friday). I didn't know much about the printer--I've never had an Epson before--but the printer looked nice so I thought nothing of it. Now I understand why the store was trying to get rid of these.		I came home and took the printer out of the box. Everything looked alright. I proceeded to turn on the printer--the printer instructed me to put in the ink cartridges. After I put in the ink, I thought the printer would be ready to go. WRONG! The message screen said, "PAPER JAM" and I couldn't do anything except for turn the printer off and then back on again. Then it said "PAPER JAM" again, and again and again! HOW COULD THERE BE A PAPER JAM IF I JUST BOUGHT THE PRINTER? I had no idea what was wrong, so I went onto Google and searched for help. Apparently this isn't a new problem with this printer--it has something to do with the paper jam sensor that is seriously flawed in this model--and who knows, maybe in other Epson printers, too.		Long story short: I am returning this printer AS SOON AS POSSIBLE and asking for another printer that's NOT AN EPSON!  I spent MORE THAN AN HOUR trying to figure out why it would tell me that there's a "PAPER JAM" right out of the box!! ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS!		I'm glad that the other reviewers had a good experience with this printer -- it's probably decent WHEN IT ACTUALLY WORKS! But do your research before buying this product -- seems like this printer comes with tons of problems.
1,Cheap and scratchy with ink flow problems.  Not worth it. Stick to Pilot pens.
1,Can't even read my boxes weight when I put them on. not good for big boxes that overhang the scale
1,The door between my garage and house has a screen on it, I wanted to keep the door open and use the screen to keep bugs out while allowing the breeze to come in. I purchased this with the anticipation that it would work but the wedge was too small and my door slammed shut. I wish it was taller so it would reach up to the bottom of my door. This didn't fit my needs.
1,I believe it was handmade. Because the cover is broken like hand force too much. BUT I can't believe why this kind of stuff can be sell to customer!
1,I was excited about the possibility of saving money by switching from SQUARE to AMAZON. Forget it. I switched back to SQUARE after one day's use. SQUARE is way faster and easier to use. And setting up the bank routing in the Amazon app was a big pain. I punched in all the routing numbers only to have Amazon decline my bank. Then I did it all again (they allow you three tries). Decline. I called the 877 number the app told me to call and after five minutes of elevator music the Amazon rep tells me, "It declines about 70 -80% of users' banks. We need you to fax in a bank statement." Really? It declines that many banks? Sounds like Amazon has a problem, not the banks. And what to say about using a fax?! The company that's designing drones wants me to use a fax machine? Do people still use fax machines? There was no such silliness with SQUARE. I punched in a routing number and was up and running in a couple minutes. Sorry I wasted precious time and $10 trying to set up AMAZON REGISTER.
1,I have had this Lexmark x4650 printer for well over a year now, and I have regretted my purchase from about week one. As I cannot afford to buy new printers willy nilly, I have stuck with it, but I would strongly caution AGAINST ever getting this printer if you wish to do any of the following:		print double-sided	scan more than one page	print in color and actually have the color come out right all the time	print in black and actually have the color come out right all the time		I needed a printer that could scan multiple pages and this one looked like it could do it. Nope. I have to scan each page in separately AND each page becomes its own document.		The program it comes with doesn't even work with Windows 7. I constantly have an error message pop up every time I start my computer because it wants me to download something that does not go with Windows 7 (it's an XP thing).		Yes, it connects via wireless. Yes, it has sleep mode. Know what else it likes to do? Randomly wake up in the middle of the night. My computer/printer are in my room. How do you think that effected my sleep patterns? I have to UNPLUG it at night so that it doesn't randomly decide to wake me up.		I hate this printer, and wish to throw it out my window. Unfortunately, it's all I have at the moment. I use it only when I have absolutely no choice. Otherwise, I just print at work...
1,I can get passed the cord not coming with it but this thing isn't even compatible with the ink cartridges that come with it. I went to HP, verified the type, bought a new cartridge (despite this one being brand new), and the same thing. Had to return it. Just go with Canon.
1,Smaller than I thought it would be, should have read the description more carefully. Printing is too small to be read easily.	Not worth the price..
1,I didn't like this.  It was hard to figure out, and also the price was too high.  I found one on line for $29.95.  But that is not why I returned it.  I could not figure it out.  Plus the cords on the extension sets were real short.  I am sorry about it, but it really was not for me.
1,Received this pen today, am sadly disappointed.	I have several Chinese pens which are good quality with the exception of this one.	This pen's cap does not fit thus causing it to fall off very easily. You cannot write comfortably with the cap off, it is to short
1,Thin, cheap plastic. Large and cumbersome. Can't wait to get rid of it! Very disappointed. Would not recommend for purchase
1,Cover gets too dirty and is hard to clean
1,These must have been sitting in a warehouse for a long time, seemed hald way dried up. Some barely visible so dry.
1,I have had problems with this unit since day one.  I have had it for a couple years now.		1.  The unit has been constantly saying "receiving fax" for the past two years even though there has never been a phone line plugged into the unit.  When it thinks it's receiving a fax, which is off and on 24/7, you cannot make any copies.  You have to turn the unit off and back on and start your copies quickly before it starts to receive its imaginary fax.  I checked the fax settings and receiving faxes is on manual so this shouldn't be an issue but it is.  Yesterday, I tried to check the fax settings again, but whenever I tried, it just beeped at me and would not go into fax settings.		2.  It prints 3 dots down each page it prints.  It sometimes splashes a bit of blue ink on color pages.  I called Brother.  They told me to e-mail them about it and they would reply.  They never did.		3.  Starting yesterday, my unit won't print or copy at all.		I have faxed Brother about some issues about a year in hopes that it would escalate my case, but Brother just ignored me.  I had to file a Better Business Bureau complaint to get Brother to respond.  They refused to send anyone out or do anything at all about the issues.
1,Misleading language in the description.  It reads as though you'll be receiving five cartridges.  Only four arrived.  See photo of description copied from the sales page.  Additionally, it states it will work in an 830 and my printer will not accept it.
1,In Nov. I bought this item. Every time I try to print something or scan and copy anything I would get Cartridge Problem check Owners manual and trouble shoot. And it would not print or allow anything to scan.	I put the old dried out color cartridge in the printer across the screen on the printer it said authentic color cartridge. I took the empty cartridge out and put this back in and it came back with the message about Cartridge problem check owners documentation.	I went to Office Depot and bought a Hp 901 Color Cartridge and a Hp 901xl Black Cartridge it's working great now.	My thoughts this item is not compatible with any Hp Printer or product. I would think twice before I purchase another one of these.
1,Good collection of colors, however the scent is fading on most of them. Only a few actually smell "yummy" Hahaha.		Also, the gel bleeds on some. Not great quality, I recommend "GEL BEE" glitter pens over these.
1,Chart is large enough.  But to play on it the plastic is too thin. Rips up easily. Needs to be the quality of twister. Will not purchase again.  Not for classroom or even home use.
1,Cartridges does not work as advertised, they probably old. When color pages are printed with all new cartridges - everything comes out in pink colors, even original blue and green turns out pink.
1,Fine tip....not too bulky.... no smell... 12 of them.... and for such good price... I'm very happy with this purchase... I will purchase it again after I'm done with these.. I highly recommend them ....		Edit:::		These marker after few uses dry up completely. I just bought these and most of them are dead already. And... they don't stay fine tip either... after 1-2 uses... the tip of these markers becomes thick and smudges. Ahh... I got too happy too soon. Now, I have to go waste time searching for markers that will last me longer than few tries. I'm so annoyed. :(((....
1,This is my 3rd order from this company but this time the product has changed, at first it appeared like the same product just a different shade of color, but when attempting to use these mailers, they are next to impossible to separate the two pieces and open the envelope. It IS possible but so much time is spent dealing with this issue, I must return and find an alternate supplier. When contacting the seller they admitted the problem but had nothing to exchange with so I had to return and order from another seller. I would recommend the seller but ask about the mailers before ordering.
1,I have used Sheaffer pens (manufactured by Bic- fyi) for years and am very disappointed in the new design. The "cut out" for the ink level is in a bad location. It causes difficulty when trying to make certain letters if your nib is not lined up correctly, your pen may slip if your hand is over this HOLE and the edges are sharp. I don't understand the need for a HOLE to view ink levels. Why not a transparent barrell? I have fairly small hands and the hole cuts into my hand with every letter. I recommend changing brands
1,did not fit my stapler
1,Despite certain reviews, this doesnt stick to stucco. Fell off after two seconds.
1,I am so disgusted with this sharpener.  It's not only cheaply made, but it doesn't adhere to ANY surface longer than 5 minutes!  I was going to try to mount it permanently to an old wood surface in my classroom, but since the bottom portion is made of very cheap rubber, that's not possible!  SHAME on X-Acto for putting out such a defective product!
1,expensive, hate it
1,Did not like this paper at all.  To me it seemed cheap and unattractive.  I kept it to use as everyday scrap paper, but would not buy it again.  The quality of the paper was not appealing.
1,I love markers. These were a great deal so I got several packs, but I wouldnt buy again. They are way too juicy for me, a lot of bleed through. I prefer sharpies or staedetlers.
1,It does not have enough cushion and became flat within a week.  It does not hold it's shape.  I would not recommend purchasing this product.
1,I finally threw this sharpener in the "round file" - it never did sharpen pencils correctly, especially those that had already been sharpened by another machine - a waste of money and time trying to make it work correctly
1,1.0mm is too bold giving you too big a line.  Ink flow is too great to control.  Writing a small "a" may result in the center area of the "a" becoming filled in as a solid.  I wish I could find a .7mm which would be better.
1,Did not work for me. would not register. Returned to Amazon.
1,This is a horrible product. Buyer be warned. I can only confirm what the other reviewer wrote. I purchased this product on the recommendation of a crafter's video. It's difficult to get out, and when it does come out, it rolls in a stringing mess.
1,I purchased this based on the reviews here and I couldn't disagree more.  First off, it comes out like water so it is impossible not to make a mess when dispensing it.  Most importantly, it does NOT stick.  I put a small amount (they say thin layer) on a clean drywall and wallpaper curled seam and held it for 30 seconds.  (Directions say to hold for only 10 seconds) After I let go, the glue just ran down the wall and both pieces of wallpaper curled right back up again.  I tried this two more times holding for up to a minute and the results were the same.  Web instructions say to try moistening the paper and wall and let dry, still wouldn't stick.  This was a complete waste of money, and I threw it right in the garbage.
1,I liked the safe except I got 2 and both had the electronic guts fall out first couple days. I had to tape the internal wires and batteries in place for the electronic combo to work. I would have thought it was a defect but both the same model had the same thing happen. {I would return the, for another replacement if it was not for the hassle of having to mail them both back then wait on a replacement.
1,The ink is fine but the plastic tip breaks about half way through the ink. I've never had a pen actually break before it ran out of ink. I've gone through about half the box and every plastic tip has broken. As reported by others the cap doesn't stay on while writing and the black plastic end cap also comes loose (probably from trying to get the pen cap to stay on). After a while the black end cap doesn't even thread on. Since nobody else has complained about breaking tips it's possible they had a bad run of brittle clear plastic.
1,no good
1,I wish I tried before I went to my vacation. Just used yesterday, and until now it will never pop up. I cannot return it! Do not buy
1,It printed words slanted down the center of the page. returned.
1,Every so often it "cycles" on and off noisily.  My HP printer at home is always on, but perfectly silent all the time except when it's printing.	Purchased in April 2008 and by December 2008, it refused to print, the paper was getting jammed for each page.  Even when it was working it was not great.  It was noisy as it cycled on and off. I didn't mind the cycling at work so much, but at home it would be very annoying.  The solution is of course to turn it off when you're not using it. I also sometimes have problems when it wants to print from the manual feeder and will not change to the tray even though I manually changed the feed in the printer set up (this could be idiosyncratic to my office system).  The manual feed is one page at a time and you have to wait until it "grabs" paper, so a 10 page document could take a long time.
1,when I order fine tipped markers.. I really expected them to be fine tipped.
1,Do not buy - after 6 months the edges have lifted up and the wheels to my chair catch on it. Junk. The mat is on carpet, not a thick shag.
1,I have a difficult time focusing. Too detailed.  The paper and book overall are superior quality.
1,It works fine & saves money, But when you open the seal it usually leaks onto your hand and you'll have this huge ugly stain on your hand for a few days.
1,Didn't work on our floors we intended these for, they simply slide with our doors when trying to use. They are also very low for some doors. They do however work well with carpeted floors.
1,The bubble wrap is okay, but the perforations are almost non-existent. Every time I try to tear off a sheet at the perforations it tears and is uneven and the bubbles pop. A scissor is required to make a straight tear.
1,The product works well and stayed firm, but the smell is horrible and will not go away. It smells like a solvent is leeching out. I was hoping it would go away, but after several weeks my office still smells like someone spilled a bottle of mineral spirits over those old vinyl capes from Star Wars figures.
1,rip off for price
1,Was completely useless purchase  no instructions and the screw inside the spring is the stupidest thing I have ever seen.  I could not get the metal plate off to get to the screw  I tried with pliers and screwdrivers  even tried to shake the screw out through the cap.  Don't waste.ypur money. Buy something where the screw is packed separately
1,don't waste your money...this is offers little you can use in a classroom...
1,Considering they were relatively in expensive compared to a full price HP color cartridge I do not feel so badly about the purchase, but it is annoying that it did not work when I was in the middle of making color copies.
1,poor quality. Doesn't last long.
1,None of these colors worked.  Total waste of time and money.  They are not hp
1,broke within a day
1,it broke after a second use
1,The screen on the phone does not work.
1,Not sure if I'm getting 'legit' papermate product. The pens are not of same quality of when I buy direct at Staples. When opening what should be a brand new pen from the box, the ink is almost already completely dry.
1,Tried 4 carts and none would work total junk
1,they are dried out
1,No, no, no! These dry out too fast, or are already dried out. Not worth the risk, frankly. Our pack only had 1 that was usable.
1,Fell a-Part Easily
1,You get what you pay for. They are cheap and so the perform. It is not worth it. not worth it
1,bad.
1,I purchased these blades as replacement for my trimmer. They cut but I don't find them to be as sharp as the original and they keep jumping out of the wired area. I am not sure if I got a damaged product. They will have to work until I can obtain better ones.
1,I purchased 3 different kinds of paper to see which had the best quality. The Hammermill Color Copy Paper, 100 Brightness, 11 x 17 Inches, 28 lb, 500... was the worst. The quality was worse than our regular printing paper. I'm sure it would be okay if you were printing black and white...but if you want a good color picture, this is the last kind of paper you want to buy. The picture is dull and and ugly. The only good thing I can say about this product is that the paper has a nice thickness....		I was very pleased with the HP Color Inkjet Paper, 96 Brightness, 8.5 x 11 Inches, 500 Sheets (20200-0)...It has a nice bright picture and the ink doesn't soak into the paper. It is a little thicker than regular paper...but not much.		My favorite overall was the HP Multipurpose Copy/Laser/Inkjet Paper, 96 Brightness, 20 lb, Letter Size...It has the brightest picture and even though the thickness is just like your regular printer paper, it doesn't soak up the ink. Love this and will definitely purchase this one again!
1,Poor print quality.  Leaks.
1,I've put off reviewing this product, because I don't really like it.  The squared rings make it difficult to turn pages, putting unnecessary wear and tear on the page holes.  Also, this binder doesn't have any more capacity than some of the round ring binders we have.  I thought it would hold a lot more.
1,This is the worst printer I've ever owned, used, or glanced sideways at. I purchased it from Amazon in September 2016. Big mistake, though at that time the reviews skewed much more positive. Time has caught up with this underperformer. I'm not going to spend all day flogging this loser, just leave you with two takeaways: 1) Epson really likes it when you buy ink cartridges from Epson! Want to buy ink cartridges from Epson?!? It's relentless, even when you don't print a lot. This printer corrupted the laptop on which I installed its drivers so badly that the laptop would not sustain an Internet connection from the moment I installed the Epson software. I suspect the reason is that the printer uses the wireless router to notify me that I might want to purchase ink cartridges from Epson every 15 minutes or so, whether we're using the printer and not and even if we've just installed fresh cartridges. I'll have to wipe that hard drive and rebuild from scratch to erase the memory of this awful product. 2) Don't purchase this printer. Plus a third, bonus takeaway: I'll never buy another Epson printer.
1,Seemed like it was more trouble than it was worth. I used it for about a month, actually it sat there mostly, and then disconected it because I never used it. I went 100% cell phone and it was easier than I thought, although cell service here in the states sucks compared to even Third World Countries because there is no regulation and the cell companies give us just enough quality to get us to buy it, not caring about service .
1,Good quality labels, however too heavy for my Epson Artisan 810 Printer.  For some reason it never picks up the paper and it fails every time.  The rare situations when I can push it forward, then it works and the label prints fine.  I think the surface is so glossy and sticky, that it just sticks to paper below in the stack too much as well.
1,Four star rating.  Should have puchased the larger bottle of oil when I purchased the shredder.  No problems and keeps shredding chugging along.
1,I have enjoyed owning numerous  products from Canon.  Then I bought a Canon "all in one" printer-scanner-fax, the MX892.  Worked great for a short time, until then it refused to work, with the dreaded error message "The type of print head is incorrect".  ?????  Tried everything to get it re-started (including the purchase of this Twin Pack of ink) bu no luck.  On the 'net, I found out I was one of hundreds with the same problems, and getting the same message.  But no solutions offered, from fellow victims or from Canon, for that matter.  It's sad, because when it did work, it was excellent.  It was solidly built, quite heavy, and the components seemed first-class.  I then looked at the new Canon models that have replaced the MX892: they are lighter, but they feel flimsy and cheap.  Maybe they even work, but I'm not going to find out.
1,This is a fabulous pencil-- except that I use a pencil when I write something that must be erasable.		The tiny eraser of Dr. Grip is inadequate for me, and covered with a small metal cap which must be removed and kept in a safe place while I erase.		I chose Dr. Grip while searching for a pencil that could accommodate my increasingly arthritic fingers.  Dr. Grip does that well-- it is comfortable to hold and allows me to write a long time without fatigue. However, I enjoy the same level of comfort with the Papermate PhD, which has an always-ready twist-up eraser that lasts forever.		A fabulous pencil for many, but not a good choice for me.
1,In all fairness, I still have to contact the seller, but I received my purchase this week and it was an outdated ink cartridge...not just a little out of date.  Since it is now 2011, an ink cartridge that expired in May 2007, is unacceptable.  I don't remember anything in the ad that tipped me off to the fact that the bargain price was due to the fact that the product was so outdated that anyone wouldn't be able to use it.  Maybe there was some "fine print", but  this amounts to nothing short of a scam.  Someone buying and reselling garbage.  I am pretty mad about it.
1,HUGE diameter. Larger than normal pen.
1,This is not what I expected.  It is very difficult to use and ends up damaging the envelope in some fashion when pulling it through.  Had hoped it would have been feasible to use but I guess not.
1,I got it based on the reviews on amazon.com. Granted, I got it a couple of years after it first appeared on the market (light-years in today's world, I suppose.) Installation was easy.		My problem was two-fold:		1. The scan results were lousy: Color negative scans come out uneven in color (I switched the film around to make sure the problem was with the scanner--it was.) Flatbed scans have a nasty purple streak smack down the middle of the glass. Anything wider than 4 inches will get the streak and it takes forever to get rid of it.		2. Both of my PCs, Windows XP, crashed shortly after I installed the scanner. Don't know what the source was, but I googled and Epson's driver seems to be connected to quite a few of the crashes. I never did figure out the source of the crashes, so maybe they were co-incidences.		In the end, it is downright disappointing. Too bad I didn't test it as soon as I got it (too busy then.)
1,I have had this item for at least 5+ years now, and I am finally resolved to the idea that I am going to save my time, money, and temper and look for a different product.  At least twice a year I am fighting with the refills to get them installed correctly.  Too many yards of the refill are wasted on wrinkles and crinkles, as the two sides refuse to line up properly for the machine to evenly roll them together to laminate things.		Why the manufacturer can't put out a product that is install and user friendly, I have no idea.  I have given this product more time than anyone should allow, and it has failed, miserably.  It has one star, mainly because Amazon requires at least one to be given.  Perhaps that one star will go for the fact that once the product is properly lined up (which you can plan on using the whole half of a day to get it right...), it protects papers and crafts very well.
1,I have never purchased ink from Amazon before and, after this purchase, won't again.  These ink cartridges lasted me just over 4 months.  Now, mind you, I've probably printed 10 pages in that time (this printer isn't used that often).  I agree with other raters that the ink, especially the magenta (pink) ran ALL over the page, and cleaning print cartridges causes a HUGE loss of ink with this printer.  I'll stick with my usual source for these cartridges...Walmart.  As soon as I can afford to, this inkjet will be a thing of the past and it's laserjet all the way for me.
1,I purchased this when I bought my new Canon printer.  While it fit, I've used it for less than a week and already the quality is horrible....the print is very light.  Very disappointed in this replacement product.  Normally, I've had good luck with non-OEM replacement toner cartridges.  I'm assuming I've printed maybe 50-100 sheets maximum in that time.
1,Unfortunately, the glue was congealed in the bottle.  All that would come out was liquid.  I actually cut the bottle apart and the glue was not rock hard, but congealed enough that it held the shape of the bottle, and obviously would not flow through the opening of the bottle.
1,had problems, color was way off, although the company die replace it though i ended up having the same problem, don't know if this has been taken care of ot not.
1,The quality is ok but it's very heavy and bulky. No good for carrying from place to place.
1,I have a bit of a pencil-collecting habit, and I was pretty excited to receive this one. Faber-Castell has been around forever and even though I don't dabble in art stuff, I understand the pencils many people use for drawing are often FC... Before I start, I will admit a bias: I don't care for green. I dislike the color, but still, for 25 bucks - I really wanted to love this pencil.		Like I said, I don't like the green. Plus they have blue on the tip for a hardness indicator... which is a weird color scheme. It's overall got a somewhat dated/retro look, which I think some people may enjoy. The hardness indicator is a nice feature, though and definitely adds to the value.		Overall, the pencil is light. The front has good weight to it, and the balance feels good considering how long the pencil is. The eraser isn't hiding under a cap that can be easily lost, and is extendable and useful.  Good design there.		I don't know what the variable hard/soft function does.  If I'm writing in a notebook with it, I feel absolutely no difference... Maybe if I were using a single sheet on a desk...		Also, the metal is slick and the texture is high up. If you use a light, high grip this is probably a great pencil.  I use a low, firm grip that just causes my fingers to sweat against the untextured metal and start to slide.		The tip is not retractable. For 20+ dollars, the tip should retract.		In the end, for this much money there are pencils out there with better grip, all-metal construction, retractable tips, and look better... The eraser is well-done on this, though.
1,great
1,Great ink but it fades. I've been using this ink for a few months in my business office that has a large window. Don't know if it is the window's fault or not but I've noticed that over time the ink's vibrant purple color has faded significantly. It makes me wonder about the legal docs I've signed with it.
1,SO one day I cannot open my extensive multi-year database after shredding all the originals.  Talk about wet my pants.	The version for osx, is different than windows.  Its an older version, and there are many more seeming options in windows than osx.		However, I could not open the data base file, it was corrupted.  I go to sync, which was so annoying, and yes, my trial subscription had expired.		So I give this one star, because the software is so PROPRIETARY, that its keeping my data, and proposing to charge me an additional 119.00 or more to get my data back.  Okay, so now that I purchased the scanner, now that I gave them my email and a password.  Now that they have my data and won't give it back.  Unless I agree for them to sell it back to me, I have a piece of junk in a container that refuses to open.		So I fix permissions.  I reinstall neat.  I take the container out of the default folder.  I create a new data base library.  I take the old one, and after some haggling and online assistance from mac related forums (thank you forums angels), I manage to finally get control, right click, view package contents to work.  (which i did have to try a few times after cleaning permissions).  And viola.  It magically opened, and I rescued all my receipts in pdf.  copied them to a new folder.		someone in the forums that was medical related indicated that Neat is not HIPPAA compliant.  That's terrifying.  Neat seems to think that they can charge customer's 500 bucks for a scanner, stick us with a mandatory online sync, and hold our receipts hostage for an additional 120.	That's not nice.  Not nice at all.  Had I known that I would have lived with my pile of receipts.  Make sure you export all your receipts routinely to prevent them from proprietarily owning them off your drive.  And locking you out of your own data base.		i find that the most inconvenient aspect is the online mandatory sync.  i don't have the bandwidth, and what little my provider gives me in data, is chewed up by neat's constant, checking in to sync with a temporary data base.  i find that the punishment in the locking of the database or "corrupted file", suddenly coincides with a month to month trial marker, to disable the data storage container, for not choosing their sync service or shutting it off.  i find it very much abusive, considering that I purchased the machine out right and proper.  and at the retail price.
1,Too thin. Cheap.
1,All ten foam boards were damaged in one corner through bad handling or storage at some point. They should not have ben mailed to me. E.L.
1,I agree with all the other reviews about the quality of the seal. They were OK when new, but I don't use them very often, so most of the ones now barely seal and have to be taped. Guess you get what you pay for, and the adhesive Columbian uses dries out.
1,First class junk! After sitting there for an hour trying to scrape off a carbon strip that shouldn't be on it, it finally started to sort of work.	NEVER AGAIN
1,We have the Uniden cordless phone, and recently had some problems with the battery lasting less than a day on a charge. Consequently, I tried to call customer service, however Uniden only offers email customer service. I finally found a Texas number for them where one has to pay to call them		This is a far cry from Panasonic or Sony which both offer free, toll-free support. Apparently, Uniden is too cheap to offer a toll-free support number, and they want you to pay for the phone call. To add insult to injury, when I did finally call their pay support number, I had to wait twenty minutes for someone to answer. Simply pathetic. I would avoid this company. Apparently Uniden does not want to put any money towards customers, so why should customers pay for their phones?
1,I am always posting notes everywhere, so I was glad to try these out for the Amazon Vine customer review program.  Normally, I purchase Post-Its, so I was curious to see if these were any better.  On the plus side, these recycled paper notes don't have the rough texture that recycled paper products usually have, which makes it difficult to write on with an ink pen.  I did not have to retrace any letters while writing on these.  The reason that I will return to buying Post-Its, however, is that these notes are not sticky.  Within minutes of posting a note in my kitchen, the corners began to lift off.  I don't have confidence that it will stay up for long.  At about the same price as Post-Its, these are not worth buying.  If you want to be green, get the Post-Its with plant-based adhesives (a product I recently reviewed favorably).
1,Ok product, but too small b ecause slots are too shallow.  Returned for another similar item but bigger
1,Package came with pages loose in the box so many are slightly torn or bent and will never go through the laser printer and will be wasted. Not impressed. Would return them but need them now so will use the ones that are still good.
1,I should have been more careful when reading the description of this product.  There are very few sheets for the money.
1,DISAPPOINTED.  It was not easy to use, the staples kept jamming, it punctured the paper and wouldn't release after stapling.
1,bought this to add to the set - none of them are working properly after 3 months.  And during the three months, all of the phones had a faint buzzing sound, and all of them had a problem dropping sound when talking -- sounding like a very very bad cell phone connection......finally ended up with	a strange highpitched squeal, and totally hilarious sound from callers: they could understand us, but they sounded like Daffy Duck on steroids.	Don't waste you money on these!
1,While these mechanical pencils have some advantages over a regular pencil, they are not what I would recommend. The reason behind this is that they are not refillable, and, with the ones I had, the lead would occasionally break inside the pencil, and I would have to throw the pencil away. The refillable pencils are better because they can be reused over and over, these have to be thrown out when they run out of lead. Another thing that I don't like about these is the method of lead advancement. To advance the lead, you have to twist the tip where the lead comes out. After using other mechanical pencils, I became used to pushing on the end for more lead, and got frustrated when this technique didn't work on these pencils. These pencils do have the advantage over regular wood pencils of not having to be sharpened, but I think I prefer wood pencils to these.	Loggie-log-log-log
1,This is a pretty lousy pen. It writes really scratchy but the worst is that it leaks like crazy. It seems the parts do not fit well together and the gaps allow leaks. I ordered several Jinhao pens sine they seem to be so popular. Not one of them were satisfactory. For not too much more money, You can buy a Pilot Metropolitan. I have several of these and they are all standouts.
1,Ordered 3 pack. The first was printing too high and needed to replace. The second would not insert properly and got jammed in. Took a few attempts and some force to finally remove it. What a nightmare.
1,I was disappointed with these laundry markers.  They have a tip like a regular sharpie marker.  Because of this, I was unable to write legibly on small tags on my daughter's clothes.  I wish that the tips were more like the fine tip sharpies.		I would not recommend these markers to parents looking to put names in their children's clothing and I would not purchase them again.
1,My wife ordered this on another account. Trust me, this is from personal experience.		Wobbly plastic parts, plastic thumbscrews that want to get crooked. Two of the metal thumbscrews came apart--the head is not really fixed to the screw. You need a screwdriver to make some adjustments.
1,It's not the one I bought before. Not that good
1,The black cartridge separated in the slot of my Brother MFC-495CW.  Broke the release lever and has disabled my printer completely. New machine. This brand does not have the spring loaded front end for a tight fit and leaks ink. Not recommended.
1,These are super sticky (which is good) but the way they're packaged makes them hard to keep track of.
1,Junk. Cheap, lightweight aluminum. Chalk will break every time you drop it. Don't waste your money. Doesn't hold standard size chalk. If the chalk you use is thicker than standard, this might work. I ended up buying the Deluxe Chalk Keeper, throwing away this waste of time, but keeping the shirt clip which I put onto the Deluxe Chalk Keeper.
1,We've had one of these label makers for years.  Should have bought two, as things are constantly being updated, often with inferior results. This label maker arrived in fair condition.  Not very good condition as stated by the seller. I would say condition was misrepresented. It had a bunch of white powder inside and the battery contacts were a bit corroded..  The LCD screen also had a bunch of white specks on the LCD screen, which I couldn't remove.  They seem to be on the inside of the plastic, which I can get to without dissembling the entire unit. Very annoying.		The best I can say is it works. But not worth the $22.00 I paid for it.  I would have bought another new one, but not for the ridiculous price Amazon wants for it.  I am returning this one.
1,When it works, it's great but getting there is the challenge.  Having two phone lines and getting hosed by Verizon FIOS, I want to switch.  Verizon would not port over my number for many insane reasons so I paid twice for one line.  Finally, I moved all my services away from Verizon and put in another request to port the number, it was finally released.  My Magic Jack power supply was defective and they wanted another $5 + to ship a replacement.  Talk about ala carte .... so after over four months, it is working with my old number but the caller ID says unknown so I doubt that people will take my calls.  Magic Jack says it take 3-5 day for the Caller ID to update, we'll see.  VOIP works by itself but it's the customer service that is lacking.  Everything is done via chat sessions and everything costs extra.  I should have shopped around more before going with this firm.  Their pricing keeps going up and as long as no issues, its ok but if you have a problem, GOOD LUCK!
1,Do not spend money on theses, even for less than $15, unless you permanently want to damage your printer...
1,The tape just hangs loosely from the orange wheel.  If you want to use it, one must manually align the tape and then cut with scissors. Don't even think about buying this junk.  I just wish I had read the reviews prior to spending my $!  Ugh!
1,Terrible Terrible product.  It permanently damaged the printer heads on my hp office jet pro 8500.  Now I have to buy a new printer.  Not only a waste of money but it will cost you more for the damage it causes.
1,I have bought three of these. The latch breaks within a couple of months.
1,This only lasted a few (4 or 5) weeks. Another inexpensive brand I bought lasted for many months. This one ran out in just a few weeks, despite removal 4 times, at intervals, and shifting to better distribute the toner. Would not buy this again. I should have checked to see what company I bought the last one from!!
1,I am a pen fanatic.  I have lots of them for every writing mood.  I purchased purple and peacock blue pens.  I liked the way they wrote;  smooth, no skipping, very comfortable grip.  But after about a month they both started leaking.  For the first month they were stored flat and leaked a little making small blobs on the paper.  Over Thanksgiving weekend they were stored pen point down and the following Monday had big ink blobs on the end of the pen and after repeatedly wiping it off both continued to leak while I wrote.  In the trash they went.  Too bad, loved the colors and liked how they wrote.  No joy in these InkJoy pens.
1,I bought this two pack a year ago and made the mistake of not checking that both worked upon arrival. The first one worked great, but when it was time to use the second, as soon as I inserted it in the printer I got an error message and my printer would not accept it.  By then it was too late to return.  I instead bought a refill kit and refilled the one that worked.  Fast forward a year and I thought I would give these a try again.  I tested them both out when I got them and they seemed fine.  I print infrequently, but after printing about 20 pages I got an error message that the printer wouldn't accept the cartridge.  I tried the second one and the same thing.  I give up.  I ended up getting a Brother laser printer on Amazon and haven't looked back.
1,horrible mess from these.  I ordered these as a back up so I didn't install them in time to be able to return them.  I had to throw some of them away, some were much worse than others.  Notice the excess melting or glue that ruined this.  I wasn't able to get good enough pictures of the place where they put in the toner.  It was just a mess.  We use compatible cartridges on a regular basis but these were the worst ones we have dealt with.
1,I just purchased this phone and I think I am going to return it. It is extremely difficult to operate.  The product manual is over seventy four pages long.		The worst part, as far as I am concerned, is that the phone does not allow for one to leave a personal outgoing message.  One is either stuck with the provided digital voice or has to purchase voicemail.  In my case, this would be voice mail from AT&T, so after spending nearly $100 on a phone, I have to spend more to buy a service I don't need so people know they reached me.  If I turn off the answering system, the voice mail will pick up, but the phone will not indicate if I have any messages.  I get nothng from this phone that I could not get from any other two line phone without an answering system.		The good qualities (although not enough to redeem it).  The phone will tell you who is calling on the other line if you are engaged on one and separate rings can be used for both lines.  That's about it.  I am very disappointed.
1,It is huge and expensive. I wished I bought the one from Costco Store. It is cheaper and smaller there.
1,Phone died after a few	Days!! Boo....
1,Nib [point] is finicy and ink does not flow smoothly... tossing
1,Loved it the first time I used it and almost ordered more.  Much nicer to use than the bic  ones.  But second time I tried to use it the tape somehow twisted and it made it unusable.  Sometime when I don't mind getting my fingers all marked up with white...I will see if I can fix it.  Until then.....it is unusable.
1,plastic is so thick and bulky
1,They are what they are -- small, only 1 page-- cheap, but they worked for what I wanted -- to show kids about God's forgiveness being like erasing something so it was never there.
1,leak and smear
1,Had to return these. My wife wanted the one with tangs so she could put sheet protectors into them to save recipes.
1,Bought this one and the CoBean, which is $1.00 cheaper. See my review of that. This one is plastic and comes requiring the user to attach the so-called magnifier bar, plus  a clip on the side which serves no apparent purpose, and the stand does not have any angle adjustment. Should be easy to put together, but isn't, especially if you follow the included "instructions," which consist of a confusing drawing, no words. The only way I could do it was by looking at the picture on the box. The degree of magnification is close to zero, and the line indicator is always a bit crooked. Into the recycle bin for this one.
1,I love command products, but the clear ones do not seem to stick well.
1,I bought an HP All In One Printer on June 23, 2012.  It is now defective.  HP will only send me a Refurbished unit under warrantee, which amounts to a used unit.  HP warrantee's are worthless, don't trust HP.  I am very disappointed and sorry that I wasted my $350.00 on this printer.		Pastor Walter Huyck
1,They smelled like chemicals, almost like Kerosene.  Awful. It's around your neck and you can't get away from the smell. Other than that, the quality was fine. The clasp was a little hard to use.
1,Ok
1,small size
1,Well, they are big and heavy.  They do work.		Drawbacks:	Made in China . . . I'd rather my money circulate in OUR economy.	The rubber on the bottom is stinky.	The rubber on two of the bookends is peeling off of them, DH used some adhesive to anchor it back on.		Frankly, they are useful, but I'm not happy with the rubber on the bottom, it's surface tends to stick to my shelves and I'm worried it's going to really adhere to them.		I wish Amazon would list where things are made.		After a few months, the rubber on these bookends finally started to just come apart.  In the process of decaying, the rubber left nasty dark stuff on my shelves.  I pulled off all the rubber (from the bookends), scraped all the adhesive off, and replaced it with wool felt.  I did wash dry and iron the felt first to shrink it up good so it would be thicker and stiffer.  I used good old tacky-glue to adhere the felt to the bookends.  Felt was definitely a better choice, enough friction to keep them from sliding, and no stinky mess.
1,So disappointed. The roller that holds the roll of tape is the wrong size, so when you pull a strip of tape, the entire roll lifts out of the dispenser and you cannot use the thing.  Returning.
1,Very cute cutouts. However the amount of letters they give you is very disappointing. I purchased two sets. The package only includes 1 C, 1 D and other letters. I thought I'd be safe buying 2 packages but found out I still didn't have enough letters for what I needed. Do not understand why they wouldn't include more letters for use! These are so cute but very limiting.
1,Worthless. The section where your sit your computer on does swivel up and down, but it does not tighten up to keep your laptop in place. Afraid when I use it my laptop is going to slide off and hit the floor.
1,Not designed well.  Too skinny and sharp to work effectively at this particular task, in the real world.  I have an old one that is wider, flatter, which works vastly better.
1,Just had the opportunity to install this ink, I could give it a - 5 stars I would, my printer would not even work after installing the the ink. I got three of each color after installing and uninstalling I finally got 1 of the yellow to work 1 magenta to work none of the 3 cyan would work I don't know if  the black works, I didn't try it. Bottom line, I will never buy this product again.
1,I was excited to get this.  I've had it for about a month now.  But twice, while holding this keychain while walking, 1 ring just falls off with the key.  Basically the key is still on the ring, but the ring came off from the little hole that is attached to the center.  I thought maybe it was my fault, that somehow I was juggling the keys too hard while holding it?....  Today, I was just walking hold the key chain from the top thingy (not the center where all the rings are hanging on from) and again, 1 ring just fell off the keychain from the hole that is attached to the center of the keyholder.  This time, it was another ring because it was different key from the last time.  What the heck?  Thank goodness I was walking by myself and paid attention, and noticed the key fell off the keyholder onto the ground.  I could have lost the valueable keys that fell off the keyholder had I not happened to notice!  Scary!  I am very dissatisfied with this product.
1,Not worth the cost--at all. The paper quality is low and the colors garish. Could get much better for less at any art supply store.
1,This is much thinner than the one sold at Wal-Mart that look the same. It tears to easy, it made it difficult to use.
1,Don't buy this. Go to Office Depot or Office max and get their store brand boxes. Much cheaper, same thing.
1,Returned because it was thinner than it advertised.
1,good
1,These were too big and did not hold my jeans down as promised, which is too bad since I was looking forward to utilizing these.
1,Amazon shipped this mat folded instead of flat, and as a result it was unusable.  This is a fairly thick plastic and once it is folded it retains the shape and is impossible to make flat again.  I'm actually amazed they were able to fold it given it's thickness.  It must have taken 2-3 people and a lot of effort to do this.
1,Now a metal piece broke off in the paper feeder area.  Not in any of the parts manuals.  No fix. And at the worst possible time.  No help from HP, as usual.
1,Broke shortly after using it. Amazon was great with its return policy. Would not recommend product. Love doing bussiness with Amazpm!!
1,This item was received severely damaged. I returned this item and refunded. I purchased a new Cross Classic Century Ballpoint Pen, Green or turquoise excellent!
1,It's ok if you want to trim off some excess.  But you have to hold the paper very still or the blade will pull it toward the end of the cut.  There is no guide, so cutting multiple pieces can be time consuming.		I'm really disappointed in that if I cut a sheet in half and truly want to use both pieces, it partially bends the piece of paper to the right of the blade.  I don't like that at all.
1,It works nice but the cost of the ink is ridiculous, cost more than the printer!! will throw it away when the ink runs out. Which won't be long.
1,These are definitely not the best labels. Not only are there several sheets that are useless, the labels are way too small. The colors for the bathroom and kitchen are also the same color, which made it more difficult for the movers. It shouldn't be that difficult to make two common rooms different colors. If you want things to run smoothly during your move, I'd suggest picking a better set of labels.
1,Piece of garbage.... So everyone knows, your typical "Scan to Folder" functions only work if you buy the more expensive, Touchscreen model of the printer. This isn't anywhere in the sales literature from HP on Amazon here. One would assume that a multi function made in 2014 can scan to folder, like my non-touchscreen HP that this unit was to replace. I wasn't planning on reading the manual prior to purchase.		So unless you want to only be able to "Scan to Email" using HP Web Services... Don't buy this printer. HP expects you to shell out more cash towards a color touchscreen that nobody needs in order to perform those basic multifunction printer tasks.		Fortunately, I ordered it from Amazon, so they'll just send UPS to come and get it, but I wish that the sales literature on the unit was more forthcoming about it's pointlessly baked-in limitations.
1,Very expensive. Its standard toner.
1,I guess I didn't look carefully at the pictures because I thought it would cover the entire arm  and that it would not be so high.  It would be very uncomfortable to use because the arms would be held in such a high position.  I returned it but approval had to be obtained from the company.  Not only did they charge to ship it to me but I had to pay postage for the return.
1,Quit after a Month
1,The number buttons are VERY hard to push for one thing. The starter guide has different buttons than the phone. You can't use a De-Tangler for the cord on it. Just one thing after another. Don't buy, not worth the headache or the money!
1,These do not last nearly as long as an actual HP cartridge lasts.  Would not use this brand again.
1,The lighter colors (ie light blue, light orange, etc) are darker and more pigmented than what are suppose to be the dark pens (black, brown and dark blue). I am not happy nor satisfied with the overall performance of these pens. This is not worth $30 something.
1,I bought 330lbs scale on Oct. 2012 for our daily UPS shipping. Our box is measured 14"x14"x14" and weight usually less 50 lbs. recently, our shipping staff compliant that it display "OUT2" error message. We tried to rest the message but its not easy to get ride of it every time. Right now, we have to looking for another durable scale to replace it. It's hard to recommend such product to shoppers.
1,I've used these binders before and they were great.  The two I just bought are very different than the ones I already own, they are flimsy and NOT at all Heavy Duty (even though they are stamped Heavy Duty on the inside).  The cover is textured, which makes the color not as bright as pictured. They also came without all the inserts and packaging that usually are in an Avery Dennison binder. There was some shipping damage as well, dents in the inside cover from the rings.  Won't buy again here.
1,expensive for the flimsiness of the product
1,I lost the key and I was very easily able to break into this with a paper clip. As an old lady I would expect to have to work at this.... nope popped right open... does not feel very secure to me, not a tight box so doubt it is fire resistant either.
1,Leaky and cheap. Not much better than cutting a sponge and dipping in water.
1,Don't make the mistake I did.  I bought an Epson and it broke down in just over a year.  I didn't even go through one ream of paper.  I will NEVER by an Epson product again.
1,It's really small. I ordered it for my toddler's chalk/dry erase board. The design is bad and the actuall erasing part is so small that it's just not worth the effort of using it.
1,Over priced.  Very poor value.
1,Maybe mine was defective?  If not, *barf.*	Way too hard to get to work.  Printers are so basic now it really shouldn't be this complicated.	Could never get the scanner to work properly, even plugged in with their software.
1,Not sure how to get hold of this supplier.  I just put these cartridges in my brand new printer and it prints many lines and no matter what I do I cannot clear the lines.  When I put the original cartridges after shaking them well then it is nice and clear.  Not happy about money spend and trusted when I needed to get job done.
1,For the price, I was expecting a nicer product. The metal is thin and the rubber bands just stretched around the stop, not permanently attached in place.		Also, after using this doorstop now for two months, one of the rubber bands just broke off of it.		It is not terrible, but I would not recommend purchasing this.
1,These just don't work as well or easily as licking. Just don't fully stick the flap.  I used 1 bottle and probably won't use the rest of them.
1,Good printer with a lot of features. money saving printer if you don't need to color print freq. Stable Wifi wakeup after sleep.		*update: it stopped working on its own. When i plug in it makes a starting sound, then white screen comes on for few seconds and turns off. what a ripoff. I did not expect this from brother. no reply from brother so far to honor the warranty.
1,After three days of use the Ooma quit receiving calls. I was unaware of this until someone came to my home and told me they tried to call. I missed two important calls and it caused a great	inconvenience. I called Ooma for technical assistance and got the live chat. All they could tell me was to reboot the system and if that didn't work call back during their regular hours of 7-7	PST. The reboot didn't work and when I tried to call for assistance during regular hours I was put on hold. While waiting on hold I reviewed their support site and found all kinds of problems that the Ooma might have and how to correct them. This led me to believe that the Ooma was not reliable and I cancelled the service. I have a cell phone for emergency use only at 25 cents a minute. I burned up a bill trying to get to Ooma. If you need reliable service stick with the phone company and pay the extra money.
1,HORRIBLE!. Poorly made. Very unsatisifactory.
1,I got this canon Maxify printer for Christmas last year and have probably printed about 50 or 60 pages. Probably not even that much and it's already showing that my ink levels are low!!! I barely use my printer and I guess it dries if you don't use it that much. I'm afraid to purchase more than one bundle in fear that the ink-even though I don't use this a lot-dries out and I print out words not pictures!
1,My 2-star rating records my disappointment with it's overall performance.  It does free the user from the computer, but the price of this freedom has to be counted in lost ability to access skypeout calls, either from the phone or from the computer.  In fact, the phone rendered my computer useless as a skype terminal.  I can only make skype calls from the phone.  This loss of functionality was an unwelcome surprise.
1,I was initially excited to use these in our office.  We're a small office with only four people, but thought these "chalkboard" panels would be a great way to keep track of monthly tasks.  At first, we all liked it.  The vinyl panels were easy to hang.  With the help of a level and a ruler, I was able to hang them evenly and they looked great.		However, after they'd been up for a few weeks, we decided to repaint the office.  We could have removed these panels, but only if we wanted to remove layers of paint and then patch up the wall before repainting.  We ended up just painting around them.		Next, we noticed that if left on the panels for a few weeks, the chalk markers no longer wiped completely off the panels.  A list made at the start of the month just does not wipe off at the end of the month.  With a lot of scrubbing, we can lighten the writing, but it's still too visible to write over.  Now we are stuck with panels we can't write on and can't remove without damaging the wall.  I don't know if this is the fault of the panels themselves or the chalk marker that came with them.		I would stay away from these unless you don't care about the damage they might do to a wall when you want to remove them and if you plan to quickly erase anything you write on them.  For us, they've become something of an eyesore.		I received this product at no cost in exchange for a review.
1,I didn't realize these are transparent. I was looking for a stick on label that I could put over an old label so I could write a new name on it. These won't work for my purposes. They are probably fine if you want a transparent label, but they are very thin and flexible.
1,I gave one star because it is not possible to give ZERO. I purchased this printer based on the number of positive reviews. There seemed to be other Mac users who were able to get the thing to work on a wireless network, though many said that hooking it up was difficult. I am assuming that they are running older OS X versions. Difficult does not begin to describe my experience with trying to get this printer to work! I have just spent my entire afternoon on it, and still have no wireless printer. I use OS X Maverics, and there seems to be no driver that will get this thing to work wirelessly, even though Brother's website states that it will. I do not have more time to devote to this, and I am not happy about all of the time I have wasted. I am have already repacked the printer in its box and am waiting for UPS to come get it.		UPDATE: After much research, I have found that in order to work wirelessly with OS X Mavericks, a printer needs to be AirPrint enabled. This printer does NOT interface with AirPrint, and therefore, will not work with the newest version on OS X (10.9.2). Here is a link to Apple Support which contains a very long list of printers that ARE AirPrint enabled: [...]		I note that none of the lower priced laser models seem to be included on the list. :-(		Because Brother does offer other printers that are AirPrint enabled, they obviously understand what is involved. It is my opinion that they are falsely advertising this printer. They need to include a note to consumers telling them that it will not work wirelessly with the newest Mac operating system, or that it is wireless for PC users only.		BOTTOM LINE on this printer is if you are running Mavericks on your Mac, the Brother HL-2270DW will need to be attached with a USB cable. You will not be able to print from wireless devices such as an iPhone or iPad.
1,Poor quality for Mead -- much lighter weight paper than I was expecting.  I would NEVER call these "heavy-weight," as the description does.  Not sure I would buy them again.....
1,I got this pen with an EF nib. After using it for several weeks, its still way too scratchy for me. It is, however, a beautiful pen, and Ive just ordered a custom-ground italic from a nib meister  for it.
1,There's a lot of room for error, and the precision during the design process has to be adjusted because precision can't be achieved by this cutter. You will have to spare room on each card to prevent the possibility of cutting into a piece of another card. It should have been built with preset points instead of free to move points.
1,SIZING WAS WAY TOO BIG FOR WHAT THEY CONSIDER MEDIUM.  OTHER THAN THAT THEY ARE FINE.
1,I picked up this phone at Best Buy a few months ago.	I've always had good luck with Panasonic's and Uniden's phones, but this was my first Vtech model.		I bought this phone (to replace my Uniden DECT 6.0 phone that died...excellent phone) because the price was right at $30 even and didn't feel like spending $80 for the Panasonics.		Now I wished I had! Despite being 5.8 GHz, there is a lot of static and interference from electronic and wireless devices (cell phones, and wireless LAN's). Plus, you cannot travel any more than about 15 ft. from the base without getting static and interference.		That's the biggest gripe. Other issues are the size; After having the Uniden phone this thing is huge! It's like a brick, and feels cheap in my hand. Although it's got a back-lit keypad, 4-line caller ID and LCD information screen, and 2-line capability, those are the only strong points. It's got no speakerphone, talking caller ID, and limited ringer alerts. there is an indicator to remind you when there's a new voice mail (provided you've got a voice mail service through the phone company). There's no answering machine.		Other users might not have a problem with that, so this is understandable.		Bottom line: if you are looking for a cheap cordless, 5.8 GHz phone, I'd look elsewhere. Vtech makes other, superior models, and Panasonic or Uniden make excellent phones. it's worth the extra money to get a good quality model.	However, the call clarity and quality is horrible. I could go out into my back yard with the DECT phone, but not this one.
1,I shook this pen for 3 full minutes and it still did not produce any white ink. I truly dislike being sent an out dated product.  Do not buy !
1,Not durable at all.  Rubs off insanely easily, even after multiple applications and having it dry for days.
1,First time I did not love an HP printer ... now have another coming, but this one just did not make it here at our home office.  Hate to say it because all other HP printers have been fabulous ... this one had to be dropped on it's head at birth.
1,Hate to say it, because how could someone screw-up a one-car funeral...but these folks from Pendaflex have accomplished that feat!		These file folders are as flimsy and cheap as it gets.		I would imagine that if the documents that go inside them could speak, they'd say, "what the hell is this?"		These folders near literally "melt in your hand."		Bad news Bears.
1,I can't even get this stuff to hold a couple razor blades in a convenient spot on my desk much less what I bought it for which was to hold the 'flaps' on the inside of my convertible's head liner which are normally held in place with a stretchy cord which deteriorates quickly which leaves both driver and passenger sides to flap noisily in the wind with windows down.		Mission not accomplished /. Kind of like Obama's pizzzzpoor presidency but we'll spare everyone the obvious.
1,If you're thinking of using this printer as your primary "always on" printer, FORGET IT. Even though it has a sleep mode, its high-frequency noise before it sleeps will be one of your loudest computer devices in the house. You can set the sleep mode to one minute, but this was the longest one minute I've had to endure. The printer is in a non-computer room and just use the On/Off switch to turn it off if it becomes too much of a bother. This isn't particularly inconvenient, since we have inkjet scanner/copiers near most of the computers for regular small-print use, but I hope this won't shorten the device's life. The laser jet is only used as "batch job" printer for all the computers we have around the house, so its wireless and auto-duplex features are a must. Compared to other budget laser printers with these features, the toner cartridge costs are less expensive. I wished I had more time to wait for a *quiet* laser printer on sale, but compared to inkjet refills, this was a good enough choice. As for installation, we have several Win XP and Windows 7 computers. I downloaded the updated drivers and software from the Brother site (updated 12/10/10 as of this review), and didn't have any problems.		UPDATE: Five months later, the drum accumulated a "blotch" of toner. This is outside of the warranty period, and a third-party replacement costs about half the price of the original printer. A Brother drum costs the SAME price as the original. You can clean a laser drum with alcohol or acetone, but no guarantees.
1,Be warned, it's very small and just not that great if you don't have small hands.  They don't list the dimensions with the detail that it's a tapered width.. In the middle it's at best ~2" wide, and tapers to ~1" wide on the ends.  Not usable if you don't have smaller sized hands.  Returned to amazon.
1,So, for some reason '0' stars in not an option. These pens were absolutely excelent when they first came out. I bought every color, my office bought every color - they were great. Then - the started popping open where they should untwist open... randomly... and then you couldn't get them to go back together. Sometimes they would get stuck with the tip too far out - and never go back in. They're dollar store junk now. Absolute junk.		So - as a formerly loyal and happy customer on 2/2/18 I wrote Pentel an email that was very nice:	Hi Pentel, sorry if I choose the wrong "to" field. I love the Pentel Energel deluxe bln75-C pens, or at least I did. The first several individual pens were awesome, and then the next several boxes were awesome, and the last sets are have been awful. The casing just falls apart after you get using it. Each pen probably only lasts a week or so - I'm disappointed. I still have the box from the blue ones that have been particularly bad - on the inside flap it says 609BR001A1 if that is helpful. Thought you should know.		Today they wrote me back - they TOOK TWO FULL MONTHS TO WRITE ME BACK - offering to send me a label to return my pens. TWO MONTHS LATER. Of course, I've already thrown them all away when they didn't respond. After 2 months they shouldn't have even bothered - now - now - I write reviews!		Don't buy these pens - they've changed and their junk.
1,I am not sure who is to blame here. I have been using Sharpies forever, but this batch was not a good one. 3 of the pens came dry! I shook them, left them upside down, etc, nothing worked. So I would still get sharpies, but next time I will not buy them online. You never know how long they were sitting in storage.
1,Might do alot but sure feels cheap.
1,I have had four PaperPro staplers (three different models). These are wonderful when they work. But all of them have lasted only a few months of very light usage. I thought the first one was a lemon and bought another because it was such a great stapler when it did work. But the others haven't lasted long either. I went and bought their staples, thinking it may be a staple problem, but that didn't work either.		Its frustrating because I REALLY love the stapler when it works. But after paying a lot of money for three different models only to have all of them die quickly, I'm done with Paper Pro staplers. Theyy're a heartbreak waiting to happen.
1,Getting what appears to be unscheduled speed dialing tones during calls .Tried everything I could think of to correct the problem(I was trained as an Engineer),and finally gave up and bought a new DEC Panasonic which appears to be working fine after about a week.
1,This item is very tiny. Definitely not worth the price.
1,The black printing media began coming out of the cartridge making the cartridge unusable.
1,I purchased these markers because when I clicked on the picture of the package, it said "fine tip." The writing tip is really same result as writing with a regular chisel tip. It's thick. Really disappointed!
1,So disappointed. The cartridge ran out during the alignment and re-inking of the machine. We were given the machines for our non-profit and thought they would be great to print out work that we have created digitally during drawing sessions with seniors. Unfortunately running the machines and the price of these cartridges makes it too costly for us to use. The price of the machine would pay for an instructor for the workshop. So I can not recommend this product or the Epson Picture Mate.
1,I have to have it for my printer, but it only lasts a few pages.
1,I love to use colored staples but found that these tend to break apart extremely easy making loading a chore.
1,my printer will not work with them. I think the date code chip has not been reset. A complete waste of my money.
1,Cheap quality, better off buying something else.		They started shedding with a little bit of force/friction being inside a briefcase. Not worth it.
1,I was using these to prepare for the GMAT exam and found that after a few hours of use the fine point was no longer fine. So I went through a lot of these.
1,Cuts regular bond paper but does not cut cardstock well.  You have to press down hard and do more than one pass.  Not good on your wrists if you have lots of cutting to do.
1,I LOVE this product.  Just like my little label maker, it has become a fun and easy way to stay organized and protect the things I want protected.  Today I made bookmarks with the grandkids, this was a perfect craft accessory.  So far, it has performed flawlessly.  I took the advice of another review and purchased Scotch laminating pouches.	update: I used this laminator occasionally.  It was wonderful to have on hand.  One day, I turned it on and it never got hot - the heating element failed.  So, unless I purchase cold laminating film, this laminator is now useless to me.  I was unable to find any contact info for possible warranty.  Mine lasted about 6 months with OCCASSIONAL use.  I won't re-buy it.
1,My enthusiasm for the ease of setup has been tempered by intermittent wifi connection snafus and expensive ink refills, and today, after 3 years of very light use, (a few pages a week, mostly monochrome text) the printer has failed completely. Just google ""ink system failure HP" and you'll see. I followed the procedures outlined by HP to fix this, to no avail. So it was decent for a while, but ultimately did not last.		I'm a geek, and my wife is a technophobe. It took me a couple of frustrating hours to set up our previous wireless printer, a Canon MP620. So when we got the Photosmart I was expecting more of the same. Surprisingly, my beloved wife decided that she would give installing the HP a shot. While I was cooking dinner, she installed the printer and hooked up all three of our computers (all Macs) and got them working very quickly. This may have something to do with HP's implementation of Apple's Bonjour feature, which lets you connect wireless devices seamlessly. Whatever the reason, it works beautifully. The only slight glitch we encountered was that one of the computers needed to have the driver software installed from the disk, as opposed to downloading it from the HP site. Once that was done, it was smooth sailing - a considerable improvement over installing the Canon.  Print quality is also excellent, but that's the price of entry these days - not that much different than the Canon, with a slight edge in photo printing.  Text rendering is sharp, even in quick mode. Scanning works well. While both Canon and HP all-in-one printers can give you good results, the HP is so much easier to use than the Canon that there's no contest.  The HP Photosmart is our new printer of choice.
1,All Kodak printers have a fatal design flaw: the separate printhead needs to be replaced every 3-6 months and you can't buy them in retail stores. Whereas other manufacturers put the printhead in the ink cartridge, for good reason, Kodak doesn't. That's why their cartridges are cheaper, but you'll pay in aggravation and unreliability. If you don't use the printer at least once a week, you WILL have to replace the printhead because it will be clogged with dried ink. Running the Clean Printhead function wastes 1/5 of both cartridges. To get a new printhead, you can spend an hour on the phone with customer support in India, who will send one free if still within one year warranty, or buy one from Amazon for $[...]. After the first replacement, you'll keep a new one handy.		Don't take my word. Read these complaints on Kodak's support site:	[...]
1,In theory, this is a good idea. That's why I bought it.		However, I find this tape is so thin that it is constantly ripping. It is very frustrating to work with.		I would never buy it again.
1,This file - organizer is flimsy compared to most.. When I received it the latch that would be used to keep it closed was broken. But even if it weren't broken I can't figure out how it would be used to keep the file closed. It looks like it is all one piece - - except in the case of the one I received, it was in tow pieces because it was broken.
1,This product broke after two weeks.
1,Option to print only in black ink never, ever, ever works.		I will be throwing it into the nearest electronics garbage heap. Time for a new printer anyway.		Epson, let people make their own decisions and don't force them to buy ink when they seriously need to print something fast.
1,Got a 2 pack and 1 is broken.
1,If you live in the 48 contiguous states, I'm sure this OBi/Google voice works great.	BUT OBi should prominently disclose to people who live in Hawaii and Alaska that they will NOT be able to use Google Voice, since Google "doesn't support Hawaii and Alaska area codes," which means that you can NOT even port your existing number, which is insane. I spent a long time researching the best voip device and then paid for overnight shipping, only to learn this by searching the message boards. Once again another company (Google) that only cares about money and not about their customer's time, business, or experience. I will be returning the OBi Google Voice device and switching all my business (email, cloud drive, calendar, voice, etc.) to another company.
1,How is it that ergonomically correct contraptions are the most uncomfortable pieces of furniture on the planet?  This chair is a perfect example.  The various adjustment controls are all too complicated and mostly don't stay in place anyhow.  I'm constantly having to readjust.  The worst thing for me is the seat.  It has this sort of hammock effect that forces your butt down and your hips up, and puts them in a very uncomfortable position.  After only 20 minutes or so I have to get up and walk around to get relief from the pain in my hip joints.  The textured material is so stiff it feels like sitting on a bed of nails.		I know I'm in the minority among all the rave reviews.  All I would say is don't but this chair sight unseen.  Check it out first.  Take it for a lengthy test sit..  Make a decision only after a thorough examination.
1,I am extremely disappointed in this sharpener. It was a complete waste of money. It refuses to sharpen my colored pencils nor my graphite pencils. I am tempted to return it.
1,I have tried both cartridges from this box and each time I place one of them in my printer, my printer stops working. I have ordered the 3 pack (2 black and 1 color) from the same company and they work just fine. These were a waste of money and a lot of frustration!
1,there is some problem with this item it is too bad ... the cutting was crook .. and so so bad .. i am very sad
1,Printer is fine, works well. We bought it about 3 months ago. The ink cartridges that came with the printer lasted less than 30 days where we printed about 50 pages. I bought HP MAX replacement cartridges and the black is already empty, again with less than 50 pages. We use as a home printer so the usage is very low. I would not buy this printer again simply because the ink cartridges are terrible. This is an ink sucker.
1,Horrible results - printer says cartridge is about 70% full, the cartridge itself is heavy so it's definitely not empty - yet it just stopped printing black ink altogether, despite consistent use and recent purchase.  Cleaning the printheads did nothing.		And HP - please don't respond with the "be sure you are using genuine ink".  You can see these are verified purchases sold directly by Amazon, and fulfilled by Amazon.  There is no chance these are not genuine ink cartridges.
1,Update:  The low price I received these at is no longer.  I absolutely do not recommend these at the higher price.  They're not worth it.		I am a huge fan of coloring.  I have been coloring almost my entire life.  I was coloring with gel pens long before it was a fad.  In my early teens gel pen became popular and we started using them to color.  Since adult coloring books weren't a thing back then we had to find the more detailed things to color and fuzzy posters were the best for that.  Fuzzy posters were great to color with gel pens because many of them had a lot of fine detail.		Unfortunately, gel pens didn't have the best reputation back then.  They stopped working a lot, if they even worked to begin with.  They were bad about skipping colors and coloring sections would have different shades due to the flow not being consistent so I was really excited to see the adult coloring book fad bringing back gel pens and that gel pens were of better quality.  I recently purchased 2 packs of gel pens and wanted an additional set so I could have a better variety of colors.		These Gel Pens by Lolliz come in 2 packs of 48.  Each pack is exactly the same.  They each come in a clear box that can be reused.  There are rows in each pack and each row can be removed individually.  The pens are clipped onto a plastic divider.  I really love this feature and it's very useful.		Glitter:	Black	Gold	Light Blue	Pink	Silver	Copper	Dark Green	Purple	Dark Blue	Red	Orange	Light Green		Metallic:	Light Blue	Silver	Gold	Copper	Green	Light Purple	Dark Purple	Pink	Black		Standard:	Black x 2	Blue x 2	Green	Red		Pastel:	Blue	Purple	Yellow	Green	Pink x 2	Orange x 2		Neon:	Pink	Blue	Green	Orange	Purple	Yellow		Swirl	Blue/Purple/Green	Yellow/Pink/Blue	Green/Purple/Blue	Purple/Green/Blue	Pink/Yellow/Purple	Orange/Purple/Blue		As you can see, there aren't 48 individual colors.  There are 42.  The swirls have 3 with the same color combination.  I can get over that but I would prefer honesty up front.		The real reason why I am disappointed in these pens is that they're awful.  I've been using many of them and they stop and start so much that it's too frustrating and I cannot enjoy my coloring anymore.  I've even had holes torn in my paper because I had to go over the same spot so many times because the ink wasn't flowing out.		Also, they're emptying really fast.  I colored in a small section and lost 1/4th of my neon green pen already.  That's a lot for such a small section.  I even checked it compared to my other sets which I have been coloring a lot with and they're barely at 1/4th loss yet.		Due to my experience with them I cannot recommend them but some people have had good luck with them.  Who knows.  What I do know is that next time I will spend a little more and get another set.  I was trying to be frugal and found these at a good price.  My bad!		I was lucky to find these at a low price and purchased them for my personal use.
1,Not at all what I expected for such a well known product. Disappointed in the standard of quality for irs intended purpose.
1,This is not a high quality product. I can't count the number of them that have shot one wire clip flying thru the air when I'm trying to secure a couples sheets of papers.		I'm going back the black ones that have been tried and true for decades.
1,I used this two times.  It asked me to replace the batteries used new batteries now it will not work.  I have only had it 5 weeks.  Can not believe I can't get a replacement.
1,The ink doesn't flow the way I'd like it to. Comfortable and good-looking, but difficult to write quickly.
1,Template is difficult to use and it does not print exactly to size of circles. Also it took a few tries to get the labels to work with my printer as this is a small sheet instead of a regular 8.5"X11" sheet.		I used this to print my own labels for Hershey kisses and size is perfect for the kisses. It worked good with the labels that the template did print accurately on. You will probably get only about 3/4th of the print on the label when you use the template (maybe less).		If there was a template that is accurate, this would be great! Unfortunately that is not the case.
1,Maybe it was the box I received but these pens dry out/spot with in an hour or two worth of use.		I love uniball pens because they write so reliably so I am very disappointed that the pens I received have been of such low quality.
1,A little smaller than I would like, flimsy construction, keyboard tray has to be handled very gently, not designed for rough use.  i probably would not buy again.
1,Obviously very cheaply made, but was hoping it would do the job for my mother-in-law who as low vision.  Stopped working after one month.  Completely dead just past the warranty period.  I would advise against buying this.
1,We ordered one of these to see if they were any good and were satisfied with it, so we ordered several more. 2/3 of the second lot leaked and the rest clogged badly after only a few uses.  To make matters worse, the vendor took  about 6 weeks to get them to us.  We will pay more to get cartridges that work from now on.
1,Not what I expected. Have not found a use for this product. Perhaps I did not read the product description before buying.
1,The tape is good but please Scotch:  Come up with a way so you don't spend all your time fussing with it because all my friends along with myself, who use this stuff constantly all complain how hard it is to start, first off, and then the tape always ends up stuck back to the roll, and we ruin our manicures trying to get the tape back off the roll.  These are very very handy to have but really, something has to be done about them.  We don't like using the big tape dispensers and these could be wonderful if you could figure out a way to keep the tape from going back and sticking back onto the roll all the time.  Please Please Please figure something out Scotch!  Help us!  We love your tape, but the dispensers are seriously flawed.
1,Not practical with too much distortion for family member with MD.
1,Arrived scuffed and scratched, Not Amazons fault, Rubbermaid packs them in a cheap box with no dividers so they rub against each other . Very disappointing from a big name company like Rubbermaid. Look like they are old instead of brand new.
1,Wasn't planning on returning but won't cut the glossy paper without skipping blades so upset seemed like a good concept
1,This broke a couple of weeks after I got it.  It just 'exploded'... the clip leaped out of the pen and couldn't be repaired.  Very disappointed.
1,don't stick
1,This printer should have a yellow casing, because it's the biggest lemon I've ever seen. It is apparently just one big ink-sucking machine. I waste so much ink trying to get the gaps in my prints to go away. I'm constantly having to clean the print nozzles, print nozzle check patterns, replace cartridges, etc. etc. This product is not worth owning even if it's FREE. Buy Canon, HP, Kodak, ANYTHING but EPSON!!!
1,The alarm goes off even if I have it set to "OFF"  Everything else seems to work OK. I now have to send it back at my expense and be without a clock.
1,blue color is not good for writing--3 of 4 pads were blue
1,medium point was bigger than what i expected it would be. they get all gloopy and leave spots on the paper. pretty crappy.
1,My Brother HL 5040 Laser Printer died after over 10 years of flawless service. Given this excellent service record the decision to buy another Brother laser was a no-brainer. I purchased a brand new HL 5470DW with high hopes. Unfortunately, within seconds of turning the power on my lights went out! This machine trips my circuit breaker every time it comes out of sleep mode or the power is turned on manually. After researching the issue I upgraded the firmware from the Brother website, but the problem still persisted. I had no choice but to exchange it for an HP Pro 400 which is working for me just fine so far. What a shame; I was ready to go to my grave praising Brother for the excellence of its 5000 series of printers but now I have no choice but to pan this latest version and switch to another manufacturer.
1,These were terrible don't stick to anything if holding more than 1 piece of paper
1,Out of the box I was impressed - this is heavy, the joints are stiff, and it looked like it was going to be great.		With a set of 21" 4:3 monitors (Samsung 213) the side monitors hang about 1/2" lower than the center monitor.  Also, with these midsize monitors (big, but not big by today's standards) the stand forced the monitors about 4" closer to me which was too much. With my 4:3 monitors, the arms had to form elbows which stuck off the back of my desk and hit the wall limiting the possible monitor positions.		If you have very light monitors or can live with props under the ends of the arms this is a nice, good looking stand, otherwise avoid it.  It really does seem beefy in the box, but it simply was not usable for me.
1,The ringer stopped working after a week and the speaker changes its settings. I plan to buy a replacement locally.
1,I bought this to cover a mirror which I framed and hung in my kitchen with the intent to write memos and shopping lists. I say intended because it's now just a framed black rectangle. I can't see how this is chalkboard paper, it's really just black contact paper. And yes, I did try to prime it by rubbing it with chalk and adding lots of eraser dust. I ended up buying some chalk pens and drawing on it, but had I known that it was not actual chalkboard paper I would have bought something else. I give it two stars because it is very easy to use and I like the cutting grid on the back. If you are looking for black contact paper then buy this, if you are looking for chalkboard paper keep looking.
1,The bottle was too small to get my Plumix pen into.  Sure, it's bigger than most pens, but I have never had this problem before, in 30 years of using bottled ink, and don't see why it would be too hard to make it the normal size.
1,I have tried to use remanufactured cartridges and have purchased numerous ones from Amazon.  This cartridge would simply not work in my printer and this was one of many that I have tried.  The price savings would be wonderful, but I simply cannot get satisfactory performance without using original HP products.  This cartridge worked for a very short period of time and then the printer stopped recognizing it.  I am left with a cartridge that is only 1/3 empty and of no use.
1,not comfortable and one was coming apart at the seam
1,Very upset with these pens bought because I love these Energel pens and the only pen I will use at the office and for personal use. Love different color pens and was excited to see they had these in purple so I bought them because the black pens work perfectly. Unfortunately these write good for about five words before skipping and drying up which is very upsetting as you spend almost $1.60 per pen for them to not even work very well. Guess I will stick with black and not other colors.
1,I mistakingly thought these were black sharpies with the pink on outside since I've purchased similar ones in the pink support design that were black ink pens.  That issue aside, these markers are a VERY LIGHT PINK shade that is pretty much undetectable on most surfaces!  For us, they're a total waste.  I purchased them for $12 with Prime, but they were going to deduct almost $7 to ship them back!  I honestly can't think of anything that these markers would even show up on.
1,Bought this mat August 2016.  Over the past couple of months or so, it has developed 3 cracks, the largest being about 5 inches across.  I purchased this one because, if I'm not mistaken, it was guaranteed for life.  However, someone's review said the vendor charges $30 to replace.  Bad deal.  Caveat emptor...
1,thin, poor quality, returned
1,I ordered the wrong ones and tthey didn't fit my new printer would not accept them....
1,These are very thin, low quality paper with a magnetic backing.  You only get 3 sheets in a package.  I would just print on standard card stock and then buy the self stick magnetic sheets. You will have a better quality finished product that way.  These are very cheap looking and depending on your printer, may jam up.
1,I bought this in July 2013 and wrote: love the size, weight and quality of the ink. A perfect gift for an author or anyone who uses a pen. Small, elegant, a nice weight and feel in your hand. The rainbow of colors (including rainbow - lol!) enables you to find them no matter where you keep them (think black purse and chrome or pink pen). Not only is the pen unique in design it is also writable from any angle, never have the ink flow die because you aren't writing from the one angle. We get the one without the clip so it doesn't snag on clothes or other objects, easy to keep in a pocket or jacket. Will never buy any other pen.
1,I've used a couple of these for a few years now.  To begin with, the performance is great.  The labels come printed out clear and exactly as you entered it.  The interface takes some getting used to as it's not quite intiuitive, but once you get the hang of it, then it's ok.  Lastly, the battery life is pretty horrible.  I would use this, put it away for a month or two, and find dead batteries... not once in a while, but consistenly.
1,Not good, leads break really easy. Won't buy again.
1,One of the two leaked toner and prints came out with blobs. Not sure I can recommend that.
1,This black binder is large and has big capacity, but I don't like it for the reason that the cover is so cheap and plasticy.  The black would be okay, but they cover it with a layer of sort-of clear plastic, which scratches easily and arrived already scuffed up.  Both I ordered look this way.  They look like the typical, cheap, run-of-the-mill binder you would find leftover at Staples.  Had I seen them in person, I would have kept looking.	The rings are metal, not plastic, and seem strong and like they would not easily become misaligned.	There are two pockets, one on each cover side.	The front and back do not fold, like some binders.  It is somewhat heavy.  I prefer those that are flexible and lighter.
1,First of all let me state that I am a graphic designer and have another Epson. A Workforce 1100 that I use because it passes a large sheet and when it *does* print, it is wonderful. But the darn thing's head must be cleaned all the time and that wastes Epson's expensive ink. But this is about the XP410. I purchased this printer awhile back (not from Amazon) for light office work and now it doesn't print. It makes all the right noises and the paper goes through and the head moves back and forth but no image. Before this the head needed to be cleaned constantly. Multiple-in-a-row cleanings has improved the the image to a barely discernible ghost but that has faded away again. Now I fear that the heads will need to be replaced (a big deal) as a printer that can't print isn't much use. And the copy function is useless as well. When Epson printers print they are a good printer. They use pigment inks which is a real plus for longevity but they have a real problem WITH printing. Constant cleaning of the heads wastes money, ink isn't cheap. I would think that with all the problems with clogging heads and cleaning that Epson would knock a couple of bucks of their ink prices. I'm not holding my breath.
1,I went through TWO sets of these before I found out about the larger, 3" versions.  What a difference!  You are wasting your money on these.  Get the bigger ones, you will not regret it!!
1,Staple jams on all most every page.  Only upper cover is able to remove to clear the jam, the bottom piece is unable to open.  It is different with regular stapler.  Quality doesn't looks good.
1,I read the only review posted and I was impressed enough to purchase several packs as well as the same style of Pendaflex (since that was what I always purchased and had been happy with -though it was drawing some negative comments in its reviews).		They were shipped together.  Both brands were major disappointments (see my Pendaflex review).  First of all, I still have many Pendaflex colored folders from years past.  The difference in thickness is immediately visible to the eye and touch.  I have no question that these won't last long so I will have to use them for items I won't be opening often.  The Smead brand is a bit thicker than the current Pendaflex but the price is 25% higher so I guess it is a draw which is the best value.		I'm going to start making my own colored folders.		It is really a shame that to increase profit that companies are making such poorly made products that you just throwing more money away.
1,Well, it worked really great, but we had a accident where one of the ink wells sucked in air....(my bust) but we did all the corrective on line videos to fix the problem.....nothing worked we then emailed the company and asked advice. We got a reply and tried all of their advice to fix the ink flow problem, but still it did not work. I then emailed the same woman back on her advice....she then asked who I was and where did I buy the system from, I copied my email receipt from Amazon and sent it to her.... At this time I had bought 3 refill packages due to the constant emptying the whole system to reset the ink to get ride of the air in the hoses and have the system go back to drawing the ink from the wells. Okay, we tried one last time (by the way we got no reply from the woman at the FantasyBuy company from the last email) and emptied the system dried it and refilled it to now the printer doesn't see the ink or the system! It has been a bit over a year and I was only able to print for 3 months before all of this lovely stress and a major amount of cost loss....so the system works great if you never let the ink well suck up air, then God forbid you need any customer service! Again, the problem was mine to begin with but the customer service on their end was a joke. I hope this helps.	PS I took this printer with the ink problem to a computer geek and he redid the whole process at my cost as it was my misstake.....nope it still does not work! What a waste and such a nice Ideal.
1,It is made of paper
1,I was very disappointed. I bought the four pack, and one of the planners was defective. It looks like someone angrily jabbed a ballpoint pen on the cover. At ~$10 a planner I expected better.
1,Not leather and all the pages are brown and old looking.  If you want to record a lousy year, this will work.  I have better hopes.  Don't order.
1,This shredder is slow, and definitely has a 2 min shutdown... and forget about the 8 sheet max... it's more like 3.  VERY DISAPPOINTED.  It ran better a couple of weeks ago when first new... and yes, I've followed all the suggestions etc.  My old smaller, coarser cut shredder is still alive after 5 years... I was hoping this one would chew up more sheets at a time and give me the smaller cuts, but it's slow and quits much sooner than my old one (which was about the same price or cheaper).		Either buy a cheaper one w/ the idea you'll burn it out... or pay 2x to get a real, heavy duty shredder.
1,Did not like the quality of this product.  Cards separated before they were inserted in printer causing them not to be usable.  Sent them back.
1,Worked for me but leaves black dots on every page, presumably a small scratch on the roller inside.  Much cheaper than the Canon version so quality also suffers a bit -- I've had minor issues with almost all of the aftermarket cartridges.
1,The ink feathers on most papers, the 'free' pen leaks, and Noodler's site offers zero customer support.		Plenty of other inks out there, and I recommend that you buy something other than this brand.
1,dont fit
1,Handle tore off after just 1 month!		Initially, I loved the product, but after just 1 month of usage (even not an every day use!) the handle is tore off, and now need a professional to fix. Horrific. It also looks very cheap. Look elsewhere.		Besides, it's sold in Staples for $30. Don't waste your money.
1,no company's fault - 300' is way too much for our plotter - had to trash more than 1/2 of both rolls
1,I was hoping this pen would be made of wood, but no it is made of heavy metal. The pen is hard to hold comfortably due to its heaviness and I can only use it for a few minutes comfortably. It does have a nice smooth nib and the filler works o.k.
1,Have used this from 11/16 to 7/17 and it's falling apart already.  The edge along the base split in one area and this white, sticky, gooey material started leaking out and making a mess.  I had to wrap it with duct tape to continue using it.  Now I can see another area where it may be splitting again.
1,I didn't like this product. Battery life is very poor. I had to order new battery after a week. You have to charge it once a day (use or not). My Palm Tungsten E2 would go a month without charge. Big difference.	I do not recommend this product. HP needs to work on it.
1,Good, cheap replacements.  2 stars because they run out in a week per each refill.
1,I don't like it because it with this replacement the printer has a horrible sound when it printed. and always the screen of the printer has this message: proof the cartridge of the toner
1,cheap looking
1,Unfortunately my eraser sticks left behind a smeary,  smudgy,  vaguely oily residue when erasing.  One that any artist of any length of time has run across before due to substandard erasers.		A disappointment.
1,Not worth the money to purchase
1,About 3 months in, half of it stopped working. So it's too late to return it, but I only have half a shredder. It says up to 12 sheets, but I really wouldn't go past 5. Pretty weak. But okay for the price.
1,AVOID THIS PRODUCT!  VERY DISAPPOINTING!  Nicely packaged, custom box.  BUT....followed the instructions, removed the foam padding from inside the scale plate, installed Battery (which was included), plugged it into power it up, etc.  No matter what we placed on the scale it displayed 0.2 oz. and then after 3 seconds (of wrong weight) it locks it in as the accurate weight.  Very lightweight, and cheap construction as well.  Returned today.
1,It's just okay. Not high quality materials but is nice to store current documents. Pen holder barely fits two pens. Will not hold highlighter and pen together.
1,Not sturdy
1,I thought I was ordering a blue tape dispenser, but beware the description says color may vary.  I ended up with a plain black dispenser.  Shame on me for not paying attention.  Next time I'll just go to the store and pick one up for myself.  At least, I'll know what color I'm getting.
1,First of all, forget the "12-sheet capacity." At best, this will MAYBE get a staple through half that many sheets of ordinary notebook or copier paper. And that only applies to the very few times it will work before it ceases to function entirely. I would estimate that I stapled about 10 sets of paper together with this, often needing to extract a mangled staple and try again before it actually worked, and then it just stopped working entirely. I followed the directions to the letter, and after complete failure with a stack of 9 pages, I never tried to staple more than 5 or 6 at a time, yet the thing got misaligned very quickly, and because it lacks the mechanical support structure of a "real" stapler, it only requires the slightest misalignment to fail completely. Before I ran through more than two half-strips of staples, it was useless. Don't waste your money. I'm here today shopping for a replacement (some other brand, obviously - Swingline clearly has no commitment to quality), and I'll follow up with a review when I see how my next attempt fares.
1,I go through hundreds of boxes per year. I thought these boxes would save me a ton of money vs buying from Uline since the shipping is included. Let me say these boxes are REALLY crappy quality. You can tell just by looking at them and comparing them to a higher quality box.. the texture / cardboard that is used is really low quality. My main problem is that my shipping labels DO NOT STICK to these boxes. I am using really high quality labels that have no problem adhering to every other box I throw them on. Something is just off about these boxes. I'm gonna go back to spending a few dollars extra and getting better quality at Uline or my local box store.
1,This is a revised review. Initially I was well pleased but after a  few weeks the ink started to leak and the pencil refused to work after I added additional lead.
1,can't turn the receiver up for some reason.  It's not working correctly
1,Bought this for my mother a few years ago for Christmas.  The printer worked flawlessly on the first use.  It hasn't worked since.  Initially, the printer constantly lost it's wireless connection.  More recently, the paper would get stuck while printing.  Now, the paper does no feed at all.  I own a Samsung CLX 3175fw.  I can no longer get it to connect wirelessly and have to use USB.  But, the printer has worked well for several years.  Wireless connection with this printer has never been easy to re-establish after the connection gets broken.  I was hoping the C460FW would have corrected these problems.  It seems Samsung hasn't--at least up to this model.  I am fairly disappointed that I bought this for my mother, and this has never been a reliable printer for her.  Actually, she never uses it because she can't.
1,I bought two of these binders for 6th grade, one blue, one red. These binders worked great... for two months. After that, the binder started to fall apart. I couldn't buy another binder so I had to stick with this one. Just after two months, the fabric became a stringy mess and the rings started unaligning. If you are thinking that I treat my binders badly, I don't. I might have occasionaly dropped it from a height of one foot onto my desk but other than that it was treated properly. The stitching and fabrics are very poorly crafted which meant that I constantly kept on having to cut off long strings from my binders. On a good note, the binders did hold everything I need them too but obviously couldn't handle the load in the long run. Around two months away from the end of the school year, the zipper on my blue binder just detached from the binder. I don't know how that happened but all I know is that I had to make it through the rest of the school year without a zippered binder. Not to mention that when the binder did have a zipper the zipper would jam more than I would have liked it too. Binder accidentally falls off of your desk right before the bell rings? Be prepared to be late to your next period. If the binder is dropped from a distance of more than three feet onto its corner,be prepared for a binder explosion. A binder explosion is when the rings come loose and all the papers inside your binder break free. If you're lucky, the papers might still be stacked and you should expect clean-up to be around five minutes. If you are unlucky, however, be prepared to clean-up for an excess of ten minutes. Fortunately my teachers understood and let me slide but other teachers might not be so nice. I think this would be a great binder if it wasn't for the terrible build quality. For seventh grade I am going to stick with Case-It.	Pros: Looks good, holds a decent amount of paper	Cons: Terrible build quality, won't last long
1,This is a good size for a lap desk for my needs, but it has issues.		It arrived damaged due to a combination of poor packaging and careless manufacturing issues. The lapdesk was shrink-wrapped and shipped inside a large, flat box with one thin sheet of brown paper. It arrived dinged on the edges, from banging around inside the shipping box (which was not damaged). There were also dings on the upper and lower flat surfaces of the desktop, which occurred before the item was shrink-wrapped.		NOTE: Size is different than the dimensions advertised on Amazon and the manufacturer has not corrected it. This lapdesk is not 16 deep in the center (at the deepest vertical point). It is 13 deep, not 16.  The width is 31 1/2 measuring straight across at the widest point.		PROS:		* Good size for my 15" MacBook Pro laptop, along with a gaming mousepad and mouse		* Lightweight yet sturdy		* Works well on both my sofa and in my recliner		* Slightly rough texture helps prevent items from sliding off		CONS:		* Scratches and dings easily even with the most careful handling.		* Quality control issues -- Manufacturing process lacks quality control as evidenced from flaking, chipping veneer which continues to flake over time.		* Durability issues -- The veneer is extremely thin and dings or flakes off very easily with normal or even extremely careful handling. Underneath the thin veneer it is MDF (medium density fiberboard). So it does not take but a few days even with the most careful handling to look like cheap imported crap, which it is.		* There is no good way to store this item.		(Other reviews state that some people slide them underneath a sofa or slide them behind a piece of furniture. I would not recommend any of these methods as this item would scratch too easily. I store mine by laying it carefully on a chair cushion or on the sofa cushions or on a coffee table.  It is bulky, so storing it this way is inconvenient, but the only way to avoid damage.)		* Balancing issues on couch: some may have issues balancing this while using a laptop on a sofa. I sit cross-legged and place it on my knees slightly inclined toward me. I use&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Just-Mobile-Lazy-Couch-for-iPad-MacBook/dp/B003NNMDCE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Just Mobile Lazy Couch for iPad/MacBook</a>&nbsp;to tilt the back of the laptop upward and give it more stability.		* It does not come with a much-needed stand, nor is there an option to purchase a stand separately.		* Further damage can occur during shipping as it is packed poorly. Packing does not meet minimum shipping requirements for the item to safely arrive to you. If you get one that is not damaged, consider yourself lucky.		CONCLUSION:		The design is great, but it gets dinged up and scratched quickly. It continues to scratch over time even though I have not had it long and have handled it carefully. If you don't care how it looks, it may be perfect for your needs.		I have been searching for one made of real wood but so far have not found one.  (Levenger's similar lapdesk also is not made of real wood; it is a thin veneer topcoat like this one and per Levenger's customer service, particleboard -- also known as LDF or low density fiberboard -- underneath.)  Levenger's used to be made of Georgia Pacific hardwood, so my search continues for my perfect lapdesk.		I like the concept of this lapdesk as an inexpensive solution for couch gaming, but I wish it was better made.  I would pay more money for a quality made item that would last.		PHOTOS:		Photos show my 15 MacBook Pro and gaming items. My&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Glorious-XL-Heavy-Gaming-Mouse-Mat-Pad-Thick-Large-Stitched-Edges-5-6mm-Mousepad-16-34-x18-34-G-HXL/dp/B00NOD0GX6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Glorious XL Heavy Gaming Mouse Mat / Pad - Thick , Large, Stitched Edges, 5-6mm Mousepad | 16"x18" (G-HXL)</a>&nbsp;hang off the edges a bit; I have found it to work fine for my purposes.  Also included is a photo that shows the setup on my recliner (while gaming, I put padding underneath to protect the arms of my recliner). To keep my Mac from overheating during gaming, I purchased&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Just-Mobile-Lazy-Couch-for-iPad-MacBook/dp/B003NNMDCE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Just Mobile Lazy Couch for iPad/MacBook</a>&nbsp;which has been a fantastic solution (pictured in one of my photos); they have rubber feet so they will not scratch my lapdesk or my laptop and raise it enough for air to circulate underneath. Photos of damage/thin veneer flaking also attached.
1,Even for a basic keychain, this isn't what you're expecting. It's not like the ones you buy at the store. Its very flimsy and cheap and seems like it's going to fall apart any second now
1,Not much to say about this, really. I guess it does the job, as far as memos and notes go, but it's pretty cheap. Kind of warped. The magnet isn't very strong and it keeps sliding down the door of the fridge. Wouldn't recommend this product.
1,There are six out of the dozen that put out enough color to see. It is like they are old and ready for the trash except they are new.	Next time I am going to go with the big name brand. Very disappointed because I have found the Amazon branded products to be good substitutions. Not in this case. Because I trashed half of them, the cost was actually higher.
1,This was a terrible product. Every cartridge leaked and caused problems with my printer.
1,This is an overpriced low quality item...	My a5 journal does not fit...	Looks cheap,feels cheap...	And they placed a few sheets of nitebook  in it which was making it super bulky because of ring ...	Plus they want to make money on you , so obvious ... ring needs paper ,and paper is not fountain pen friendly and bleeding and ghosting terribly...	Not worth more than 3 dollar..honest
1,DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!! After 6 months it stops working and Canon refuses to fix it because the printer was not purchased from an authorized Canon reseller! The worst printer I ever had!!
1,Piss Poor! This does not work well at all. It is cute and that is the only thing good about it.
1,I have not tried this yet, but this is precisely why I am so unhappy with this item.  The first / main picture shows the tape dispenser with a roll of tape in it.  This means it is suppose to contain a roll of tape, but it does not.  It is also further misleading because someone even asked the question on the page, "Does this contain a roll of tape" and someone answered yes.  The truth is that no tape is provided.  So if you purchase this item, make sure you also purchase some tape, otherwise you are going to be like me and not able to use it until a couple more days pass for Amazon Prime to deliver the tape that I now have to buy.  As far as the actual dispenser is concerned, it looks like a pretty sturdy piece of equipment.  I'll provide an update once I am able to use some kraft tape in it.
1,not to good they don't last long
1,I agree with some of the other comments that this ink cartridge runs out very very fast. We only use the fast draft mode for efficient ink use and yet despite being a smaller cartridge, proportionately we get very few prints out of a cartridge in comparison to our old HP printer. This seems to have been the trend as HP keeps making the printers less expensive and finding ways to get you to spend more money on the ink. I'm going to seriously rethink my next HP printer purchase and likely opt for a different brand despite having been relatively happy with my last 6 HP printers over two decades. I hope someone from HP takes notice - their short term gain and ink business had gone too far and will be a long term loss of previously loyal customers.
1,After a dozen of printed pages the printer stopped to recognize the cartridges. Returned the original cartridge and it works ok.
1,<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Canon-CanoScan-8800F-Color-Film-Negative-Photo-Scanner-2168B002/dp/B000V2QCQI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Canon CanoScan 8800F Color Film/Negative/Photo Scanner (2168B002)</a>	Installed software, then tried to scan slides using the ArcPhotoshop.  Computer message:  does not recognize device.  Then tried ME Navigator alternative. Computer does not recognize device.  Then tried one-button (on scanner) scan command:  Computer does not recognize device.  Unloaded software, reloaded software.  Computer does not recognize device.  Uninstalled driver, re-installed driver from Canon web site.  Computer does not recognize device.  Unplugged and replugged USB cable into three different USB ports (all work with any other USB device):  Computer does not recognize device.  Phooey.  Got Amazon authorization for return.  My life is worth  more than this........
1,Average basic thin no hard backing I can't complain for the price it's decent butt when I mount it on the wall the middle has a bulge in it from not having a hard backing I'm going to have to put some double stick tape in the middle to hold it down properly
1,This pen was a counterfeit, and performed exceedingly poorly.  I would not purchase this item again.  It also snapped in half under normal use and the nib can't even be recycled to other Lamy pens (wrong size). Stay away!
1,We have used Pendaflex before, so I ordered this thinking we would get the same again.  I was shocked at the difference. First, the texture of this is not smooth at all!  Its  rougher than  homemade paper, much rougher than construction paper.  It is thin and flimsy and I don't know this was ever approved for sale. Its so awful - I am angry.  Too heavy to ship back but so bad I will call and try. And all those 5 star reviews???  I honestly think they are reviewing the wrong product of else maybe they have never used regular good quality folders before.  Save your money and avoid the ESSENTIAL version!
1,the overall quality is poor, the writing is not smooth.	I wonder why parker produce such poor pens!
1,All of the clips in the package I received are rusted. The package itself does not quite mhave the clean, crisp appearance associated with a brand new product.
1,not goog
1,Over half of them were immediately dried and the ones that werent, dried up supper fast. They were like cheap dollar store skinny markers. They were by no means good for bullet journalists or even doodling. Very disappointed
1,I will not purchase these again and I seriously question Fiskars brand on this product. Fiskars is usually high quality and reliable. These pens are a waste of money, unless you get a lucky batch that is full of ink in each pen, and you caught it at a time on Amazon when it was less than $18.
1,Don't get me wrong, its a nice pen. But the refills cost more than the disposable pen with the same refill. So much for reducing waste.
1,I bought this pen basically on the recommendations here.  And this is a first: the recommendations don't come anywhere close to describing what an inferior fountain pen this is.  Now, bear in mind that I'm a southpaw, which I allow for by giving two stars, i.e. the benefit of the doubt.	But here's my experience in the week I have owned the pen:	It constantly scratches	It skips if you draw a horizontal line. e.g. crossing your "t".	the cap when posted digs into my grip.	The triangular shape of the barrel is uncomfortable.	I'm going back to my Pelikan and Parker 61.  This product is going back to Amazon.
1,It doe s connect for air print but is not stable.  Worst printer I ever have had to set up.  On phone with tech support forever.
1,This is a prime example of getting what you pay for. I ordered two, they were rolled up in a box and the outer edges on the side were kind of smooshed in. I laid them out in the sun and they somewhat flattened out. The main problem though is they don't stay in one spot, they kind of slide around.
1,The ink was used up and/or smudged after a month or so with moderate use.  I've tried the program to clean the nozzles but it didn't work either.  You get what you pay for.
1,The price was right but when I started using the first of two cartridges after just a few copies the machine wouldn't pick the paper up correctly and the printer cartridge left a solid black line along the side of all my copies that managed to come through.
1,I was very excited at first about this electric pencil sharpener. In the beginning it worked so perfectly I thought "finally the perfect classroom pencil sharpener - quiet and extremely fast!" Unfortunately after only one school year it is no longer working. That was very disappointing!
1,Great idea, but it doesn't work, NOT efficient.i.e: after rolling over several times, once put under a desk lamp, everything is visible thru the ink. I would not recommend this product (unless they come up with a more opaque ink that actually BLOCKS what we're trying to hide). Again, very good idea, but it still needs lots of work.
1,I've made a firm practice of buying these printer cartridges from OCProducts, and I have written several laudatory reviews thereby.  In fact, I saw Amazon using my exact words from one of these reviews in their website presentation for these cartridges!  I understand that these are remanufactured cartridges, and I expect the occasional dud - and there have been some.  But, OCP has always been prompt and easy in remedying these, and the beat went on.  Not so this time.  I'm not upset or even very concerned - it is anomalous, and it was Christmas, and big deal anyway.  But, after waiting a couple of weeks, with no effective response, I rang on Amazon, and they simply refunded my money - leaving me 3 cartridges to the good!  I'll still happily buy from OCP, and I expect to - but I can't endorse this little fiasco.  This little episode really only underlines what is so worthy about Amazon in  general, which is that you invariably get a prompt intelligent positive response to any difficulty - I'm sure that this is a major contributing factor in their success - I know I appreciate it.  So, thank you!
1,Package was broken upon arrive, mixed with kind of salt.
1,These things are absolutely useless. I've tried them on light posters and a cross-stitch and they kept falling down, making me add more to them, until I finally gave up. Regular tape is better than these things. Don't waste your money; they're not sticky and don't hold anything up.
1,From the description, this stapler seemed like what I was looking for for occasional home use.  I have carpal tunnel syndrome so I was looking for a stapler that would be easier on my wrist, was light, and a smaller size to fit in a desk drawer.  This one worked great at first, though it is a little tricky to figure out how to load the staples in it (and I still haven't been able to figure out how to open it up to use it how you would to staple to a bulletin board, as some say it is able to do...). Anyway, after about six weeks of very light use, it started to "stick" in the down position after every time I used it.  I can get it to "pop" back up to the stapling position but it takes both hands and some adjusting which is very, very annoying to have to do every time I use it, especially as it is so new (but beyond Amazon's return period, of course).  Yes, it was pretty cheap but, as they say: "the cheap comes out expensive"...or just really, really annoying.  One other complaint: I used to have a stapler at work that would sit on its end, upright, and was super easy to just grab and staple "in the air" (as opposed to leaving it sitting on the desk and pressing down).  I guess out of habit, I have several times picked this one up to "air staple", but that is impossible to do with this particular stapler.  It pokes a staple through your papers, but does not push it through the pages or bend the ends, the staple remains in it's unused shape.  I realize this one is not designed to specifically work this way, but every other stapler I've tried this on will work this way.  Overall, a disappointing purchase.
1,Compared to&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Saunders-UHU-Tac-Removable-Adhesive-Putty-Tabs/dp/B0000AQODM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Saunders UHU Tac Removable Adhesive Putty Tabs</a>&nbsp;and another brand that I've tried, this stuff is much worse about leaving residue on walls, at least with flat wall paint, than other brands.		The main problems are that it's too soft (causing it to leave bits of putty behind more easily when pulled off the wall), and it's blue (why?) so the residue that it does leave will be much more obvious on most colors of paint. While you can get most of the residue off by the usual technique of rolling a ball of putty over the residue until it comes off, this takes longer and is generally more trouble with the Blu-Tack compared to other brands like the UHU. That, combined with the blue color, makes this significantly worse than others.		I have no idea why they made this stuff blue. There seems to be no valid reason for this.		Like the two other reusable tacky putty products that I've used, this stuff WILL leave something that looks like an oil spot on flat wall paint. This doesn't seem to be a problem with glossy paint though. (Glossy is usually easier to clean in general.)		I would certainly not recommend this blue stuff. The best comparable products I've found are the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/UHU-Tac/dp/B0000AQODM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">UHU Tac</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/3M-Scotch-1-Inch-Indoor-Mounting-Squares/dp/B000KKPHZ8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">3M Scotch  1-Inch Indoor Mounting Squares</a>. The removable silicone mounting squares are actually much better than the putties, but they end up being significantly more expensive per thing mounted on the wall particularly if you're using one for each corner of rectangular posters, etc. While Scotch seems to recommend against using these squares on flat wall paint, I haven't noticed any spots left behind. If anything they just don't stick as securely to flat paint but for me the stickiness seems to be good enough.		Summary: don't buy this substandard blue junk. Get the UHU instead!
1,Worked for a short period of time (couple of months).  Now it no longer lays flat and it does not adhere to my desk top like it used to, it moves around so it is no longer usable.  I do NOT recommend this mouse pad.  I recommend	CORSAIR MM600 - Dual Sided Aluminum Gaming...
1,these keep breaking, I purchased a bunch of ink so keep buying the same one.
1,Replacement for a previous Fellowes Powershred 99Ci that was a workhorse for 6 years.		Basket on new unit is crap. Instead of molded plastic, the new basket is plastic card board held together by push together buttons that have already started to fail after less that 2 weeks.
1,Doesn't cut straight.
1,Read the lower rated comments to get the truth regarding these mats -- they crack! Lies and deceit by the manufacturers of poly are allover the place. It's merely a harder form of plastic -- that CRACKS!
1,Color fades quickly in the sun
1,Monthly rate should be under $5 a month, ours was supposed to be three and change, but they added another $10 per month for "Premier" services we never used.  They refused to refund the money after automatically enrolling us.  Complete scammers.  We were trying to save money, not get ripped off.		This happened to us with a telco once.  Fortunately, contacts to the State Attorney General and the FCC straightened out the company.  Took a few months but the telco bent over backwards to compensate us and then some.
1,This printer irritates me. This is my 2nd one simply because it doesn't like to spit paper out. PRINTING or SCANNING it doesn't like to spit the paper out. Ive asked on a few forums. Searched Y!. Cant seem to find an answer.	With this printer you must "register" the cartridge which takes the hit of 1 button. You can turn this feature off. When you turn OFF the printer and turn it back ON or refill the paper it tends to "lose" the paper. Just tries to grab it, you can hear it, but nothing comes out and after a few mins of it trying and re inserting the cartridge again and again in hopes 1 time it'll recognize it. I eventually hit stop to try and fix it. It takes a few mins to actually stop.	I think thats my only complaint with this printer is really ANYTHING takes "a few minutes" to do anything.	When the printer PRINTS its excellent! I like the quality of it. The speed. The ink isn't bad maybe if I used it more frequently id say differently but, how i use it, it works great.	I will say it is loud. Makes all kinds of noises. Finish a printing job and it just makes noise. No idea what its doing. This doesn't bug me. It has a quiet setting which, i have ON and its still noisy but again that doesn't bother me.		This printer has A LOT of cool features! Especially the fact you don't NEED a computer to use it.	Everything can be set up on the large touch screen display which is very responsive.	It does have an SD slot for pictures or even PDF files! Again, you can access it all from that touch display.	I hate the fact its ALL technology but, i love it ALL at the same time!		Printing pictures works really well!		Basically, it gets a 2 star cause its a joke to get it to print.		UPDATE:::	So I've had my 2nd canon for a couple months now and besides getting low on ink, which kind of sucks, nothing has really changed.	Prints really well and beautifully WHEN it finally decide to print! Im guessing IM doing something wrong since i can't find ANYONE else with this issue but I'm not sure how you insert paper wrong..?	It is incredibly noisy! Once you finish your printing job, you'll be browsing the internet or whatever and it randomly start making noise like the ink is going back and forth. The quiet setting is ON but wow! not helping. I tend to just just turn it off afterwards that way i don't have to listen to it.	Ive often thought of trying something else but, based what I've read, I've got a GREAT printer!
1,About 2 months old mat started cracking. Chair has five casters to distribute weight equally 200# divided by 5= 40#. Mat has cracked in 5 places, not long for the junk pile. Buyer beware.
1,This is over-priced and nothing special about it.		I found the generic version to be cheaper and the quality is EXACTLY the same.
1,Nice set of cordless phones.  Every once in a while there is loud feedback in the cordless handsets and this happens peridocially.  Also at times the unit will not display the caller ID information; however, the other house phone displays the ID.  Difficult trying to reach customer support at Panasonic.
1,Got a good deal on the printer. Initially happy with print quality. I run a small business with heavy color art/graphics, and it prints everything well. HOWEVER... after just 5 months, the printer is already breaking down. Ink levels say empty when they are clearly (shake, feel plenty of liquid ink inside the cartridge) at least half full. Which throws off print quality (printer will move to combine colors to make up for what it believes to be empty black, and so on). No way to correct Epson's calculations of how much ink it "thinks" is left in the cartridge. Supposedly has sensors too, but obviously don't help matters. Spend $65 on ink, you're wasting at least 1/3 to 1/2 every time. ALSO... rear paper printing on labels or photo paper, etc becomes COMPLETELY annoying. Doesn't align non-regular paper well through either rear or cassettes, also adding to wasted label sheets/photo paper. AND EPSON All-in-one's DO NOT scan in black and white via wifi. So you end up with HUGE files that won't attach/email out. You have to scan b/w the old-fashioned way... stick a usb drive in, save to it, take it to your computer, save it again. Only then will you get a regular-sized b/w scan and useable file size. It's a cheap printer. But there's a reason why! THEY MAKE THEIR MONEY ON THE INK! AND YOU WILL LOSE YOUR MONEY ON THE INK!! Go to HP, Lexmark, Canon.
1,The front plastic tore within the first three days.
1,I purchased this item on 6/29, so I probably started using it around the beginning of July.  By mid August, the metal has turned to a coppery color in many areas.  It looks cheap and I am very disappointed in the quality.  It arrived quickly and I have no issues at all with the seller, but this is definitely not worth the price.  An item in this price range should definitely last more than 6 weeks.
1,Piece of junk - do not buy.  Has given me nothing but problems not to mention annoying "updates" from Epson all the time.  Just died with "error code 0x97" which means its dead..... and i am outside the 1 year warranty to Epson said "sorry - go buy a new one' - so i will, but it sure won't be Epson...  Google "epson wf-3640 error code 0x97" and you'll see i'm not alone....
1,It is cute but not functional in an office setting. Impossible to use with one hand, which most duties need to be done with one hand. unusable one hand operation is why the low rating.
1,The amethyst was actually a bluish so didn't like the color. However the pen portion worked good.
1,I got green.  The green is so dark that you can mistake it for black or brown.	Black and red are good.	But don't get green to contrast with black.
1,This "OEM" product is not a Philips lamp or Sony housing. The housing is larger than OEM and barley fits into the tv. The lamp takes 2-3 times longer to warm up and after it is warm the colors are muted, not crisp and overall very dark. On top of a bad product they did horrible in packaging the product. The lamp was in a large box with paper stuffed in, NO protection. I have had other lamps where the lamp was placed in foam then in a small box, then that box was placed in the larger shipping box with paper stuffed in. DO NOT BUY THIS!!!!!!
1,The magnets on these are not strong enough to adhere to magnetic glass dry erase boards.
1,Plastic piece of crap don't waste your money
1,The clasps do not stay affixed to the envelope. Nice color & quality paper stock.
1,I spent hours tring to connect my laptop to this printer and failed. I even asked the IT support technicians in my department to help. The final conclusion is that the wireless module in this printer is defunct. So I have to buy a separate cable to connect this printer and my laptop.		Dont buy this printer if you want working wireless connection.
1,Screws do not fit. I had to alter.
1,these are just so-so for me. If you manage to push them in really tight, you maybe can fit some papers UNDER them, but the points are deadly, so reaching into the box to untangle the next hook can be a painful experience. The "hook" itself isn't really much of a hook. I've since seen coworkers with the kind that hook into the canvas wall of their cubicle but have a clip on the end and they are pretty and colorful--and much more useful. I plan to buy some of these instead and throw these painful, irritating, useless things away.
1,Dont buy. Wont let you close a normal filing cabinet! The pieces stick out and you cant cut them off
1,I don't know if I got an old one or what- but I have had this pen for 2 weeks and it's already dried out.  The cap wasn't left off or anything.  For $5.00 I expect a pen to last longer than 2 weeks before drying out.  In the trash it goes.  Disappointed.  Before this happened it was a good pen and I liked how it wrote.  I just won't repurchase.
1,Fool me once, shame on you..... I bought a Neat receipts scanner a few years ago and it was a horrible product.  Software was buggy and it didn't integrate into quickbooks as promised.  I swore I would never buy another one.  Well it is now 3 years later and my receipt service no longer supports quickbooks integration so I thought, "hey, they must have gotten all the bugs worked out by now, lets give them another chance".  Wow, was that a mistake.  The software launched correctly one time.  That's right, one time.  I got it to scan in a few receipts which it had less than 50% accurate data reading. I shut it down I could never get it to run again.  Neat couldn't help, no amount of configuration settings would work.  No help online either.  My system is a very stable windows 7 machine that runs any piece of software I can throw at it, except for the neat software.  So I boxed it up and sent it back.  Trust me when I say I will NEVER buy another Neat product as long as I live.		Oh, and if you are looking for a desktop solution, look elsewhere.  Neat is switching everything to cloud based service and the local software will not be supported after March 31, 2016.  When you buy the system you don't get a disk, you get a code to download the software from the neat website.  You will get the newest software that is, you guessed it the cloud based software.  And if you want to import into quickbooks, you will now have to pay $9 a month for that.  It no longer will be part of Neat desktop and is no longer free.  This is a horrible product from a horrible company.
1,Got nowhere near 12,000 prints.  It's an outright lie.  And you could probably get a non-Brother toner and save a lot of money!
1,never worked right- called company and they recommended I send back told me they had a batch with bad firmware chips in it. they said it would not hold its programing. I wanted for single bar line code read and it would switch to multi. If you have one of these send it back they at ESKY told me to send mine back, said the manufacturer goofed. I went with a company here called NEWER and it came with a stand for 23 ish dollars and its automatic. just wave and it scans. don't waste your time and money on this piece of junk or brand. And ESKY used to be real good! I sent mine back.
1,Cheap but works.
1,The printer is great, the drivers are horrible.  HP is notorious for terrible All-In-One drivers, and the drivers for this printer are a case in point.  I installed the drivers on three different Windows 7 computers in an office environment, and every one of them had the exact same problem.  One was Windows Ultimate, one was Windows Enterprise, and one was Windows in a virtual machine. All of them couldn't print a test page, they couldn't print an office document, but they could print out of Windows Notepad.  In all of them I could see the printer properties, I could change the default output parameters, I could even send a fax.  I just couldn't print an office document or a test page.		I spent 2 hours on the phone with HP, and they finally gave me the official fix.  You delete the 8620 printers, then download the HP 990 printer drivers from Windows Update, and install them instead.  Then your 8620 will scan as an 8620 and print as an HP 990.  This is HP's official 2nd tier tech support answer to the problem. I am totally disgusted.  I put it back in the box.		I previously owned an HP 7650, which also had terrible drivers, but these are even worse.  You would think by now they would have figured it out.
1,Have owned this unit for over a year. It does have great features...but recently after a 15 minute call I lose the volume from the caller and have to resort to a corded phone to continue the call. I have changed all the batteries to no avail. I too am looking for a quality replacement, if someone can suggest one.
1,I just got this journal and when I opened the box I honestly thought that amazon sent me the wrong size . It wasn't until I looked it up and compared the dimensions of the one pictured with the label on the one that I got that I realized that I had indeed been given the right size.		I bought the larger size and honestly to me it's still too small . I also thought that the planner would have more pages . For 16.99 this planner was way too expensive for what you get. I could have gone to my neighborhood target and gotten a better one for 9.99.  The only thing that this planner has going for it is that it is undated, and even that is almost out weighed by the price.		My problem with this planner is :		#1 size and the amount of pages you get	#2 Price (way too much money for the size)		The only reason that I may keep this planner is because it is unique, but the size is a huge drawback for me. If there were more regular lined pages in it and more weekly and monthly pages in it then I would have been more pleased. I've included a picture with this review and the journal in the picture (the red one ) is a regular 5x8 journal that costs about 9.99, and the floral one is of course the journal. As you look at the picture keep in mind that the one that I ordered was the LARGER SIZE which is actually smaller than 5x8 inches. Which means that the smaller one is probably pocket sized. I would not buy this again . 1 star
1,Not crazy about these, as they are not as sticky as they need to be. Our use these on file folders, and unfortunately they have been peeling off the edges.
1,Bought these binders because we needed more and I couldn't get to the store.  They are very flimsy and cheap.  We have already tossed out thecfirst one that broke after a month and the rings won't close right.  This must be why they sell them in a four pack?  Before these I bought ones at the discount place that starts with a W.  (My other review on these was never posted.). These binders from W were three times as nice in quality and half the price of these things and haven't needed replacement after a month of use!  I would avoid these as there are much better ones for half the price!
1,Super small!
1,We purchased this item in "good faith", it didn't even come with all the parts we needed with it to assemble it.		We reached out to the "seller" only to get blown off!!		Buyers beware, we have been fighting with Both the seller "Fusion" and "Amazon" on this matter for months now and have had it. We will never ever be put in this situation again. Amazon told us if they had provided the product, then they would have taking the item back as a return, but because it is with a "Market Place" reseller, they cannot do anything.		We have filed a claim: denied by Amazon & Fusion, with no explanation.		We filed an A to Z claim, denied by Amazon & Fusion with no explanation.		We are done here and just want to warn all buyers to BEWARE!!
1,very cheaply made would not get it again
1,This stapler does not work.  The staple get stuck. It looks nice but is not functional.
1,I'm surprised the reviews were so positive for these labels.  While the label maker works fine and the labels print okay, they do not stick AT ALL!  What is the point of making labels if they won't stick to whatever you are trying to label?  If I could give these less than one star, I would.
1,I purchased three of these batteries exactly 1 year ago. 2 would only hold a charge for 30 minutes after only 3 to 4 months. The other one did the same thing after about 8 months.		Definitely not worth the money no matter how cheap they are.
1,Since this mousing surface is so thin, it's easy to slide the mouse right off the edge.  My Microsoft wireless mouse slides off just fine but it has trouble sliding back on.  The edges of the little pads on the bottom of the mouse continually catch on the edges of this mousing surface.  This is extremely problematic during use so this one gets a failing grade.
1,Could not see how to return this item that did not work upon arrival!
1,This product is for real geeks only. I bought it as a souvenir and office decoration.	If you want something serious and practical, get an iphone (or any other smartphone) and a financial calculator app that can do Black-Scholes option pricing and many other fixed income and derivative stuff that this calculator cannot do.
1,The back cover ripped off.
1,These are very thin and don't seem like they'll hold up too well. Returning.
1,This are a poor substitute for the the Flair pens Ive used for 40 years.  They were in a plain, flimsy white box, with a label that said sold AS IS.  None of this was stated in the description, it was shown as a Papermate box. The pens did arrive on time and are the correct color, the price seems fair.  Im mad to receive these poor representations of the Flair pen Ive known and loved for so long and sad this is the best quality Papermate can offer.  ( if this is really made by Papermate, I don't want to believe it is a Papermate Flair pen). I would rather pay $5 for 1 good old style Flair than a box of these new style.
1,these toner cartridges don't last for more than one week.	quality of printis ok ,but they done print more than 1000 pages.	i am stil looking for a better cartidge	dont recomend	david from la
1,Though I've owned a number of all-in-one printers in the past, my experience with this Ricoh Aficio SP 204SN Wireless Monochrome Multifunction Laser Printer has been the most frustrating.		It arrived at my door in pieces that I could not configure. Though the directions give detailed drawings of the front, the back assembly of these pieces is lacking. I eventually learned through through another source that they are actually covers for two different sizes of paper. After that, I could only properly install one of them. Even after several attempts, I never was able to install the other.		After a lot of wasted time trying to set this copier up, imagine my disappointment to find the software to print is not even compatible with my computer's operating system (Mac OSX)...		*Update: Since my initial review, the product description has changed to include: (windows only). Thank you!
1,I've bought a different brand generic HP toner for my printer for a while - a few years - and never had issues.  Decided to try out an easy more inexpensive one in this item - this is the first toner that has ever messed up on me.  After a few days of printing, it started printing thick black lines on random pages - had to hurry and order the "usual" cartridge again in order to continue printing - very aggravating.  Will stick with the other brand - not worth it to spend less money but have ruined prints.
1,I learned an important lesson about "old" toner; it will break your printer. I will  not purchase toner from this supplier again.
1,Definitely not the item in the picture. These are poor quality. None of the envelopes stick without and extra piece of tape. What is the point of purchasing an envelope with self sealing ability when it doesn't work? They are pretty annoying. I will not be purchasing again.
1,I'm sure it's a fine item, but it wasn't what I expected, which was 100% totally my fault. I wanted something bigger and got it confused with another item.  I'm sure it's good for what it is. Just not for me.
1,I have had this Casio KL-60L label printer and I am very dissatisfied with it.  Every aspect of its use is wasteful.  It puts out too much tape at the end of my text when printing--waste tape.		Batteries have to be replaced frequently--how much electricity can it possibly take to run this tiny motor & print head???  Wasteful.		What caps it off is that near the end of a cartridge it stops printing.  I could still see more ribbon.  Took apart the cartridge and found nearly a yard of unused ribbon at the end.		Do you think this inspires me to buy any replacement parts for this product?  Resounding NO!		Do you think it inspires me to buy anything else casio produces?  Resounding NO!		What you have here is a "cheap" labeler that is going to cost you much more in wasted supplies.		Also, backing tape is very difficult to remove from label.  Dymo figured out how to handle this with those old thick plastic embossed labels; why can't casio get a clue?		It does make decent labels.
1,iQue = PDA + GPS, which is a versatile, capable tool... when it is working.  I have found the PDA/GPS combination to be fantastic.  Garmin's approach to the iQue 3600's extreme sensitivity to static electricity, however, has been very poor.  I have gone through 4 units since receiving this device as a gift.  Exchanges with Garmin have been no-questions-asked, but it is a hassle, and I end up paying shipping one way each time, plus there is the hassle of re-installing via Garmin's draconian serial number system.	Overall, I like this product, but if there is any chance that your unit may face one elctron of static electricity, consider carefully before buying this item.
1,I purchased this No Soliciting sign after getting one too many magazine sales people at my front door.  It arrived quickly and I was pleased with the appearance given the low price.  It comes with two-sided tape and little grooves on the back where you can line up the tape, making it easy to mount. While this sort of thing isn't going to be super-attractive, overall I thought it looked fine on my front door.		Unfortunately, after only one day on the door the sign melted.  Seriously, just the heat from sunlight on the door destroyed this sign in a single day!  This was July in Maryland - it didn't even reach the 100 degree mark.  I'm not sure if my sign was some sort of lemon or if they simply can't withstand direct sun but regardless this product did not meet my needs.		I will be returning it immediately, but I would still recommend it for applications where it wasn't going to be in direct sun because it looks decent.
1,So when I got my first desk job, I got the whole Kate Spade set.  Stapler, pens, pencil holder, tape dispenser, file holder, a couple notebooks, and a picture frame.  I won't go into details about the other office products just to say that they are all pretty much decor at this point and serve almost no functional purpose.		Now as far as these pens go, they are cute.  they are a nice gold that doesn't seem to chip, and they are an attention grabber.  They have the little Kate Spade emblem on the top of the cap, and they go really great with the rest of the set.  That's about as far as the good goes.  As for their use as ink pens, they are terrible.  Half of my pack was already mostly dry when I got them.  A couple of them were good and wrote like a normal ink pen for a while, but none of them have lasted.  They either start to dry up and you have to press hard to get anything out of them, or the end of them where the ball is comes slightly lose which is annoying to write with.  At this point they sit in my matching pen holder, and I'm glad I bought them for the set, but if you want actual working pens I would not look at these.
1,I love pens, and after reading the reviews, I couldn't wait to try these! This is my writing experience: The pens skips. It is too slippery on the paper and does not grab, which results in lack of control. The ink is not a vivid black, but a medium flat black hue. Although it is described as having a "bold" point, it writes exactly the same width as my "fine" point pens. All in all, a very average pen.
1,I have ten years of personal documents to shred. And I thought this would be great to just toss in 50 or 60 sheets and let them shred...		Well, that's not how it works. If the sheets are irregular or have been folded in the past or are receipt size...no matter how few you put in, the machine jams quite often. After a couple jams (and this is just paper, mind you...nothing sticky or thick...I started feeding three to five sheets through the top. It's going to take ages to get through my documents...		And then there is the ludicrous thermometer. About every twenty minutes (if that much) the machine just stops. And you have to wait for it to cool.		Sigh. Maybe Swingline should stick to staplers.
1,Wobbly, worthless, difficult to get even  on each side. Over it, tossed it.
1,This printer is the most temperamental printer I have ever used. It disconnects from wifi every other day, was permanently stuck in deep sleep mode until I disabled the setting completely, complains that it has no paper when the tray is full of paper, requires a router button press to reconnect to the wifi which is upstairs, fails to receive data more than half the time, refuses to work with mac osx completely, and even though the sleep time is set to the max it goes into sleep mode and will not print minutes after printing. I have had to leave the house so many times without reports, term papers, I've had to pay for printing at school so many times I could nearly buy a new printer. Complete and utter garbage. Have been trying for the past 20 minutes to get it to say something other than "offline" and it is refusing to print anything, even a test page.
1,Review said this ink is waterproof and specifically said would withstand alteration from rain. Well, this is what happened when I got caught in the rain last night. Trying to figure out how to return product.
1,The product is okay.  The colors are nice.  When I received it I was surprised to find that it was already opened.
1,Could not get a single piece to tear off right, very thin and terrible quality.
1,I bought these labels because the official Brother name-brand ones were out of stock with 1-2 month delay. These labels are jamming approximately 50% of the time, with the sticky part of the label getting stuck to the blade, and peeling back as the label is fed. I was using Brother labels in my label maker just a few days ago with absolutely no issue. Immediately on switching to these labels, the misfeeds started to happen. This is with a PT-310 label maker.
1,Junk. Not even useable. It is so hard I am afraid it will tear or alter the paper.
1,PIECE OF JUNK. BRAND NEW AND SHARPENED ONLY ONE SIDE OF PENCILS. TRIED THREE BRANDS OF ART PENCILS CHEWED THEM ALL UP ONE SIDE AND OTHER WOOD TO TIP. UNACCEPTABLE.
1,conferencing on this phone is awful-parties can't hear one another. Buttons aren't well laid out. I returned this phone. Someone needs to make a functioning quality office phone that can run on copper lines/regular phone lines...
1,I bought these for my kids. I recently painted the entire backside of my kitchen island into a big chalkboard for my daughters. I chose this particular chalk bundle because it had everything I was looking for (white chalk, colored chalk and an eraser.) It also said "dustless", which drew my attention because in my house, dust in general is a daily battle so I thought I could benefit from something dustless. The eraser is okay but the chalk is way too hard. I don't know if it would work better on a regular chalkboard/blackboard. But for us, it's too hard to draw/write with. It barely makes a mark unless putting a lot of pressure, but then it just leaves a deep scratch behind. Also, the colors don't show well. It all just looks white on the chalkboard. Maybe it's just not made for chalkpaint chalkboards. Whatever the case, it didn't work for our needs.
1,I didn't have high expectations at all.  That said, then pens leak badly.  Because of the mess, by daughter has no lost her interest in calligraphy.  Bummer.
1,The cylinder failed in ~45 days. Otherwise it's well designed and constructed; a nice product at the $60 we paid if you get a good one.  However, it's definitely overpriced at the current $87+ price.  NOT recommended.
1,I had hoped to get the great sharpie quality out of these pencils, especially since I'm in university taking my chemistry and calculus requirements.  I threw it away on the first day of class.
1,I have to say this is the old saying you get what you pay for I am not happy with these at all most are dried up and don't work and the only ones that seam to work is the glitter which I found funny.  I wouldn't recommend these to anyone good price but you can get the same set at the store and maybe those will work not happy
1,One big problem with this locking device, the back hinge has a completely exposed pin holding it together - all it takes is a small nail to open it up -  and you cant even tell its been broken into.		Storing medication in this is dangerous. A good thief just needs to take a few at a time and you'll just think that you're taking too many meds.		It caused a lot of problems!
1,Poor quality
1,I like the way it feels when I write with them. Smooth as claimed. However, the ink doesn't come out consistently. It blots when you write with them. Since they don't cost that much, I'm probably gonna be too lazy to return them.
1,Last week, when this all-in-one was working, it did a great job. Now it is dead. No lights come on at all. I've worked through the issue with Epson customer service, and all that they could do was to refer me to a service center. No thanks. I've heard that it is cheaper to buy a new printer. Now, I've been a loyal Epson user since 2001, but I'm probably going to buy another brand this time. I've noticed that each printer I've gotten lasts a shorter period of time than the previous one.
1,The smallest journal I have ever seen. It is about the size of a pack of cigarettes. Returned it immediately.
1,Wish it worked, but it did not.  The black ink, in particular, cannot fill the page ... I tried head cleaning and alignment dozens of times, and each in printing plain text, it leaves blanks and streaks.  I tried 3 out of the 5 that came, and same result.  In this case, cheaper was not better or even the same.
1,When starting new lines, the first few words are hard to read. Pretty sure I got a damaged cartridge. Seeing as how I spent the extra money on the precious HP Ink, it's pretty frustrating.
1,Don't buy this, very poorly made & doesn't adjust anything like what's described!
1,This was supposed to be magnetic, that's why I purchased it, but it is wall mount. I returned it.
1,Mislabeled completely. Not compatible with avery templates. Item title says 3.5x2.5 but the labels are 3.5x2.22 and none of the avery labels online match any of the suggested matches on the box. So frustrating.
1,Not a huge fan. Was difficult to hang due to the useless clips on the back. Not even double sided tape would work.
1,Disappointment.  Except for the yellow color, all of the other colors of the retractable highlighter markings are too dark.  These highlighters are more like markers than highlighter.  It is important for the ink to be lighter because when the Sharpie Retractable is use on the pages, the highlighted colors can be seen on the reverse side of the page distracting the reader  (flip side of the page). It is annoying to see non-wanted color on the reverse page.  Very disappointed since I didn't think these high lighters were cheap.  What on earth was Sharpie thinking when they made these???  .
1,This is a lightweight binder with a thin covering of plastic over medium weight cardboard. The rings are sturdy and open and close easily, but overall quality of construction is lacking in several areas.		- The plastic laminate over the cardboard is bubbling up in a few places - it appears it was not applied correctly.	- The binder will not close properly - the rings are mounted about a quarter inch too close to the spine so that when closed the top and bottom edges of the binder do not line up.	- The clear plastic over-sleeve is not smooth and has a slightly warped appearance.		In an inexpensive binder (the price was just over nine dollars at the time of my order) I wouldn't be so critical, but at this price I expect a better constructed product.
1,I had higher hopes for the product than what I experienced. One cartridge that was apparently full wouldn't print, the black ones. They arrived in good condition, but the performance was poor and given I am not a high volume printer I'll stick with the original cartridges in the future. I have friends who have had good luck with them, I just wasn't as fortunate.
1,the lead breaks so easily. It does not write well on paper, like the regular black lead.
1,Box was damaged and envelopes were damaged too
1,The clips are comfortable and strong.  They feel like they will last pretty long too.  However, the magnets are anemic.  The won't hold a small dishtowel dry let alone damp to a refrigerator.  I can't even get a bag of chips to stay in place and it would be pointless to try the calendar that I normally have hanging on the fridge.  I just got back from the Daiso store and got some magnet clips that are literally about 5 times strong even if they don't look quite as nice.  If you have to have color coded clips that will not be used to hold anything to your fridge and you don't mind the fact that these are a little over priced, then I guess they are OK.  If you actually want the function of a clip and a magnet, I'd give them a pass.
1,Really flimsy, but good for the price.
1,The ink jet cartridges are more expensive to replace than this miserable printer.  I've had a Canon ink jet which was worthless after a few pages.  I thought Epson would be better.  No way.  You can't even use cartridges that are not made by Epson.  I just ordered a $50 Samsung laser printer.  Hope it works better than these.  No color but I rarely print anyways.  Inkjets dry out.  If you do a lot of color printing, you may as well invest in a color laser.  These inkjets are junk.
1,Regardless of popular belief country of manufacture does make a difference. The USA branded version of these pens are great, the Mexico ones not even close to the same product. the USA pens write SMOOTH, the ink flows, great BIC pens. The Mexico ones, the ink is juddery, not what I would call smooth. I am now seeking the USA made ones because it appears BIC has moved this product manufacturing to somewhere where the wages are low and the quality has gone south. I Returned this order pronto, tell Amazon they need to ensure accuracy in product listings, I thought I was getting the USA pens as displayed, WRONG.
1,These binders were very cheap and had already started falling apart when I received them.  I immediately returned them.
1,Clip is not tight to hold paper
1,not worth it
1,This is a review of the picture boxes. They arrived dirty, damaged and one of them, used. Only used them for lightest canvases with tons of bubble wrap and tape. Went to Fed Ex and bought proper boxes for the rest, quality boxes and competitive price.
1,Great when it works but mine never has.  OUT OF THE BOX, the electric charger was defective.  Took months to determine that and then I was out of warrantee.  Had to pay "shipping" for a new one which I refused.  While the number ported over finally, I never had a caller ID.  I submitted many tickets on this with no result.  Finally, I was told that all providers to not update IDs.  My caller ID shows as UNKNOWN which is not good because it is a business line.  People do not pick up when the caller ID says UNKNOWN so you need to be aware of this liability.  Of course, this is not DISCLOSED as are other potential issues.  Over the past 8-9 month, I had such static on the line, it was impossible to have any calls.  While they say, you can use with a fax machine, this caused the static on my line which I have disconnected and eliminated the static.  Anytime I need to send a fax, I have to go through a wiring exercise.  My latest PROBLEM, was my line was dead.  Every day in the afternoon, my connection would die.  It didn't matter if I was on a call or not - the line just went dead.  After hours with "customer service", they could not say or would not say but implied that maybe my device was bad.  They then implied that maybe my ISP was disconnecting the line since they lost that business.  My ISP sucks and I tend to think this is an ISP issue as well as the inability to update the caller ID.  Magic Jack will not say this because people won't buy the product knowing these possible issues.  The bottom line is that you get what you pay for.  If you can live and deal with these issues then, by all means, MAGIC JACK IS FOR YOU
1,Leaks but at least I know the printer works which was given to me. I am going to replace ink from HP website. I just ordered this to test a 6180 printer,
1,They didn't work and had to return them..... Only one of the three pens worked, its unfortunate because I love these pens, but these were very defective
1,This thing doesnt even work . Keeps saying label jam. Label jam . I tried with a new label too it won't work
1,I should have payed more attention to the other negative reviews - the 2nd of 5 cartridges I attempted to install (Light Magenta) would not be recognized by my Epson Artisan 810 series printer.  I stopped right there, boxed them all up and returned them.	Going to OfficeMax today and buying replacement cartridges.  I will update this  review after I return from the store.		UPDATE:  5-3-2018, 12:00 pm -	Just bought the 5 cartridge #99 multi-pack (TO99920) from OfficeMax for $62.38, tax included.  I installed "light Magenta" and "Light Cyan".  They work perfectly.
1,If your printer uses this ink, please think about purchasing a new printer.  This cartridge lasts for a VERY SHORT time before being totally used up. We were spending so much money in ink that we finally bought a new printer that is much cheeper to operate.		Go and do thou likewise.
1,Should be 5 bucks if made in China
1,. It is made of cheap plastic and doesn't sharpen at all. You are better off using a knife!  Waste of money.
1,The packages and laminates are old and don;t fully seal. They are obviously OLDER than they should be shelved. I'll buy them from a reliable store from now on.
1,This is a huge disappointment because it doesn't cut straight. It's beautiful, sturdy, my kid can't hurt herself, but it cuts a small curve that's noticeable on the very ends. Even on 1 sheet jobs! It's small but noticeable when you've got a stack of papers together.		Will be returning. Hoping there is one like this that cuts perfectly.
1,The user interface on this calculator is terrible. Tabs on the top of the screen that you can't get rid of taking up a whole 15% of the vertical display (especially considering how small it is)? They should just use a button that drops down the tab bar when needed. This would free up a sizable portion of the screen that otherwise goes to waste if you don't need any of the functions listed in this tab bar at the top of the screen (which many users don't half the time).		But my main problem with this calculator is how utterly useless it is for writing equations larger than about 2 calculator screen widths (depending on how great your visual and spacial memory is). The equation entry line that you type into is only one line high and thus, when you're writing large equations (particularly anything with imaginary numbers as this tends to double the equation size), you often are using two and three screen widths for the equations. I find half of the time I spend using this calculator is spent scrolling back and forth making parenthesis adjustments. There's two speeds for scrolling left and right: all the way, or about 8 characters/second. Seeing as the text entry line is 25 characters long, when you're talking about editing 75 character equations you can easily spend 5 or 6 seconds navigating to a single section of the equation to make a change. If you need to make three or four adjustments editing a single equation easily takes 20 seconds when it should take half that. If this calculator had a "jump 6 characters left/right" it would make all the difference in the world. As it stands, this calculator is much more frustrating to use than my 83+. I would still use it if it could handle the kind of equations one turns to this sort of calculator for in the first place.		I will be looking around for a substitute calculator and update in the future when I find one, but rest assured if you're building any complex equations you MUST write down the full equation on paper first with parenthesis or you will probably input it wrong like and spend 45 seconds scrolling back and forth trying to figure out which of the 7 nested parenthesis you've made a mistake in. Even then, if you have to go back and change the numbers or add a value you'll still be wasting valuable [test?] time scrolling back and forth. At any rate, you shouldn't be limited to writing down the equation first on paper before solving; on an 83+ you can build the whole equation right there and quickly make any adjustments, but alas the 83+/86 can't do these complex integrals.		Yes, this calculator can integrate for you and do all sorts of wonderful graphs and integrations, but the kind of integrations you need a calculator for are NOT one line equations! You can do S(x^2) in your head; but it seems this kind of equation is chiefly what the calculator was designed for. I highly recommend looking elsewhere.		I hope this review has helped you make the right decision.
1,My 2nd HP print/scan/copier. I liked my first one way better. Little to no instruction for use with the new one. It was hit or miss until I finally caught on. Kinda noisy too. Meh.
1,This product was a complete waste of money.  The only reason I bought this was because I needed a file cabinet that would lock.  The lock is so flimsy that it unlocks by itself if someone knocks into the cabinet.  Do not buy this product if you need it to lock securely.
1,After seeing all these glowing reviews, I'm wondering if maybe I got a bad batch.		I wanted to try these as alternatives to Expo because they're so much cheaper. The thing is, I found Expos much easier to read than these; that is to say, the Endura-Glide markers were writing about as well brand new as my regular Expos do when I'm ready to throw them out after a few weeks' use. I was not satisfied with the saturation of color, my students complained they could not see what I was writing, so I threw out the box after trying all four markers once.
1,Not my kind of planner. You have to write in the dates yourself. It is also very small
1,This sticker collection had like four sets of stickers that were relevant for children in school and the rest were crap. Like mani/pedi? I would rather have more teacher conference stickers, cause I don't get mani/pedis. There were workout stickers and drinking water stickers, uhhh I do that six days a week (water seven day) and unless you provided 350 stickers of each of those, they're worthless to use, but they certainly took up space that relevant stickers would have used. I honestly put them in the trash, and didn't even use them, because they simply didn't have what I needed.
1,not as big as anticipated and not a smooth function
1,terrible product. thought the brand name would speak for itself but WRONG. almost useless. Guess I will be shopping around. I only kept it because I was without a phone. It is only slightly better than nothing. Dont waste your time. The manuel and customer service  also useless.
1,The dispenser is cute, but the package arrived damaged.
1,I'm used to quality from Epson but this printer falls way short. It doesn't receive even the strongest wifi signals very well. I'm pretty computer savvy but I couldn't get this printer to work no matter what I tried. Spend a little more money on a better built printer.
1,poor quality
1,The pins look nothing like what is advertised and no box.  Not allowed to say more.
1,I bought a sharpie pain pen in black years ago and still have it and it works wonderfully. THESE NEW SHARPIE PAINTS ARE TRASH by comparison. Why?	1. The black and red ink runs, and the silver and gold shrinks to nothing under resin even after fully dried while the older brand did not do this and worked like a true artist quality tool. it ruin two of my pieces that I now have to re do. I hate this garbage.	2. The ink streaks and is not a solid opaque even after the marker tip is saturated with ink.	3. The formula seems like it's ONLY good for tagging.	4. THE TIPS FALL OUT!!! i was shocked that not one but all except the white tip fell out while trying to prime it and I was VERY careful in what I did. Ink got everywhere! I had to manually reinsert the tip, and even still it did not soak up the ink well enough to make an opaque non streaking line.	5. The red is pastel orange and looks disgusting.	In summery if you are 13 and want to tag all over your schools bathroom to be a rebel buy this, because, it was actually made for you. If you want to work with a quality marker for art purposes that you'd like to be more permanent and flexible when mixing media, buy another brand! Even when NOT using resin this is a poor product as the ink is not good quality and the marker tips fall out as if you'd bought something very cheap. The gold is pretty, but getting it to work for you, well, good luck.	Buy another brand. Sharpie FAILED big time on these pens. the on
1,What a piece of junk...
1,You CANNOT print on these!!
1,the ON and Off switch is way to fragile. I was non operational on the 3 week of use. I dispose the box, so to buy a box to fit it back to return, plus returning fees, would be more expensive then just trow it away.	Cheap materials and mechanisms ( the sensor for open drawer is about to break as well).	Do not buy unless you plan to use couple sheets a week.
1,I received all the items in horrible conditions.
1,is too small for my needs and the pad is dimpled from my wrist and is only a month od 2 old
1,Arrived in great shape but dropped it once and it was destroyed. Its my fault but I would think it should of held up to a 3 foot fall.
1,Up until my last order this was my go-to glue for 3d printing (used it on the heated bed). They have changed the formulation so completely that it's now unusable for my purpose.  Instead of being the former purple, easy spreading stick, now it's this ultra-gooey pink stuff that lumps and almost never dries.  Too bad, now I have to hunt for a suitable product.  Gonna try Elmer's equivalent.		Final word: Avery DID change the formulation.  They (Avery) set me a replacement and (sadly) it's the same new pink gooey stuff that came from this order.  I've already changed to Elmers.  Sigh.
1,misleading picture.	do not buy this based off of the picture they posted.	the roll of tape they put inside each dispenser is a joke.		all they did was separate one completely filled dispenser, and divide it among three.
1,I thought these were excellent for my home, but they aren't. Every time I use the erasers, they sound like fingernails scraping across a blackboard.
1,This did not stay stuck to any surface I tried for more than an hour or two. Now I just use it as a tray on my desk instead. Such a letdown.
1,Am not satisfied with the operation of this unit.  It is also extremely noisy on start up and during use. The keyboard layout is difficult to understand and use.  I also do not like the platen knob located on the left side.  The keyboard cover is difficult to install.
1,Loop is very narrow, will not accommodate most pens.
1,Left small ink stains on my fingernail.  The "click" sound when retracting the point is so faint I can barely hear it - so I have to visually see if it retracted!
1,Awkward to hold. sent it back
1,Pretty satin cords, not for the purpose I intended. I wanted a cord I could use on my digital camera. This would look like a hot mess after one outing.
1,This is pretty similar to the rest of the low-cost all-purpose printer/scanner/copiers out there. It's plastic, and made pretty cheaply, and the ink cartridges that it comes with are apparently filled with just a fraction of the ink in the regular cartridges, which must have many people out there cursing quite quickly. I have a Canon MP610 that I've been using for years, and from my experience so far, the Canon is a better made machine, though it gobbles up the ink too. One problem with the Epson is that the Wi-Fi connection has to be reset every time I use it, and that's a bit of a pain. There must be a workaround, though I haven't found it yet. Print quality is good, as it is on all these level machines, and the interface is decent, but there's really nothing that puts the Epson ahead of its competition. I'll keep it as a backup when and if my Canon goes down.		P.S as of March 2015. My Canon went down and I've been using this for several months and have lowered my rating to one star. A terribly slow printer, and a bigger ink hog than I'd originally thought. It seems to soak up ink like a sponge. Not recommended at all, if it's even still available.
1,I'm not sure what the deal is with these navy blue Profiles.  This color isn't found in any of their color packs, nor is it found in a printed box like the black and 'regular' blue.  These came in a plain white box and each pen had a stupid sticker around it near the top which when removed left the glue on the pen.  So i don't know if these are counterfeit or not....why would you counterfeit a cheap pen.  But something is strange about this color and it's scarcity.  And it didn't seem to write as well as the black ones. Back to the Pilot G2s i guess.....	Oh, and as another reviewer pointed out, the ink isn't navy blue ....it's like a turquoise.  Not recommended.
1,Seems to jam up after about 50 sheets. Need to use cooking oil to oil the cutters to continue shredding.
1,cheap is cheap and these are really cheap looking, the metal is so thin and well... cheap looking, and the snap hook is cheap... . That's bad enough but they're cheap.		The thing is, they sewed it together so that one side is twisted in. It isn't a clean circle, its a mobius strip. lol I guess it serves its purpose but I'll bet that you won't want to wear one yourself...;)
1,Did not work at all. Brand-new out-of-the-box I would not do anything. Called the manufacturer and they told me to send it back.  Complicated to use because they want you to download a software as well. This is not a plug-and-play and beware if you are needing yet you may have a few days to wait when it doesn't work and you have to order a new one.
1,I have lots of Pentel automatic pencils and tried this set because it seemed like a good deal.  But the eraser doesn't work as well as my other Pentels.  The plastic gets in the way.
1,I had been watching for these items to drop price for a few days. Suddenly they did and I joyfully snatched up a good deal.		My joy quickly turend to disappointnent when I opened the box & saw two broken rings. One wouldn't latch there was a gap and one was bent. This quickly got my attention so I began the process of checking every single ring.	*20 were nearly unusable--either wouldn't latch, bent, or too stiff to even open.	*55 were usable. (Only reason I offered 2 stars)	*25 were super lose and easily popped open.		Pros:	Less than five dollars	Recieved the 100 promised	55 rings worked		Cons:	*Inconsistent quality	*45 rings rendered useless for my project	*these leave a black reside on your hands. I guess something from the manufacturing process?		I received a refund due product damage.
1,this was crap - good luck to anyone who buys one
1,My old HP DeskJet 940c finally broke after many years of reliable service.  The 940c was HP's old version of a basic inkjet printer.  I needed only a basic printer to replace it and wanted to stay with HP, so I got this model last month.  It was easy to set up and seemed OK at first.  Sometimes it would pick up an extra piece of paper so there would be a blank sheet in the middle of a print job, but that's not a major problem.  I haven't had to print a lot since I've had it, no documents more than a few pages long.		Today, I tried to print a one-page document on regular 20 lb. paper, and so many sheets went through that there was a paper jam.  (I had even riffled through the paper before I inserted it so there would be air between the sheets.)  I had to remove the jammed sheets and print again, this time with fewer sheets inserted in the paper "tray" on the top of the printer.  It didn't jam, but all but one of the sheets from the paper area were pulled through.  This is ridiculous.  My old 940c had the paper tray on the bottom and had no paper jam problem, even with 24 lb. paper.  My brother has a discontinued HP model that has the paper "tray" on the top like this 1112, but his doesn't have the paper jam problem.  The older models were obviously better.		The only good things about this printer are the low price and the fact that your first two toner cartridges (black and tricolor) are included.  The toner cartridges are only about 2/3 the size of the toner cartridges that fit the 940c.		I will stick with this printer for now since it's all I can afford.  Fortunately, I don't need to do a lot of printing at this time.		UPDATE 2/3/2017: I have changed my earlier two-star review to a one-star review.  With my old printer that had larger toner cartridges, I was used to seeing the toner run out gradually -- if the black toner was low, anything printed in black would fade to lighter & lighter shades of gray. Today, I printed a one-page Excel spreadsheet document that is mostly black border lines and text with some cells filled in with pastel colors. I've printed this same page many times (blank shopping list). On the top half of the page, the black lines and text printed fine -- then they faded out COMPLETELY! I tried printing the page again, and there was no black at all, not even a tiny bit of gray!  These are HP toner cartridges number 63 Black and 63 Tri-color.  DON'T BUY ANY PRINTER THAT USES THESE CARTRIDGES -- they're just too small! Shop around to find out which HP cartridges are larger, and see what printers they fit.  In the old days of Windows XP, you could check your estimated ink level, but Windows 7 (and probably all the later Windows) doesn't have this handy feature. If you have a larger cartridge than runs out gradually, at least you have some warning, but with these 63 cartridges you have no warning at all. This reminds me of the Volkswagen beetles in the very early 1960s -- they had NO gas gauge!  When you realized you were running out of gas, you could push a button or pull a lever that would give you a little more gas from a small auxiliary tank, enough to get to a gas station. This is not a joke or urban legend -- my parents bought one and soon got rid of it.
1,All dried out.
1,I have wasted my life looking for a decent pencil sharpener. They don't exist. I know they don't exist but the quest goes on. This one is supposed to be for colored pencils. Right. They break the pencils just like every other sharpener I've used. Razor blade and sand paper. Final answer.
1,When I first Bought these markers I loved them. After about a week of using them they hardly work at all. I am very disappointed with them.	They do not last long. Also the purple was washed out as soon as I started using it and the yellow and pink are not how they appear on the cap. One thing I did like is that they have a case to keep them in. Wish they were better quality.
1,do not needing
1,After less than a year, this printers started printing odd lines on paper.  Sometimes it sits and freezes.  It will run ink out of the cartriges.  Canon's previous model the MX870 is a much better, more reliable printer.  I have one of the earlier models and love it but it's no longer available so I purchased this later version and it's nowhere near as good.  I cannot recommend it.  Very disappointed in this unit.
1,The price was good, but the delivery was a bit slow. And, the product was not what I expected. The ink ran out way too fast, as though some had no ink at all.
1,I heavily rely on these guys everyday for shipping to buyers, and I need them to be of a certain quality, that being the good kind. The ones from Fantasy Buy suck! A good portion of them don't even have that sticky part needed to seal them!! I mean come on. This is what makes the whole envelope thing work, right? And the quality of the envelopes is pretty poor too in that they are pillowy and when you try to tape a paper label onto the surface, which is how I do it, it's impossible to make the label tape down perfectly flat. This is an important quality-that an envelope have a smooth surface because if it has wrinkles in the label then the barcode won't be readable by a scanner. And these are just not flat. Buy from someone else.
1,I bought this paper because of the reviews. I was super excited about using the paper, so when I received the package in the mail it was a big, big dissapointment. The paper was damaged & there were sheets missing. It seemed like someone had opened the paper  and didn't like it and then sent it to me. It was a huge dissapoinment! I will definitely not order anything from this company again. I will  buy the paper again, but from another seller.
1,Gave it away.  It came with the metal spiral bent so I couldn't open it up properly.  Not worth it, buy the bigger  one for a couple of dollars more.
1,these do not work with hp C7250 photosmart all in one, this printer requires hp ink cartridges only!  this printer also has trouble with refill.... time for printer to go...
1,Received quickly....fit & seemed to be working....worked two times and then it stops...printer directs you to 'check cartridges' every time you print & at first taking them out and re-installing worked, and then that stopped working.  Bad product :((((
1,Not worth $12.00 You will loose the cap soon and Then you will get ink all over and it will dry out  buy one good SUREFIRE pen and hold on to it !
1,This combo deal looked good on paper, but was terrible in reality.  The tag attachers were thin and weak enabling customers to rip off price tags easier than normally.  To add insult to injury, the gun would not accept the stronger Avery 2" atachers I usually buy. The gun quit working within a week of purchase.  It broke down inside and could not be repaired.  I was very disappointed in a product that carrid the Avery name. I bought another Avery gun which now comes in the dark grey and it is still working well.  It costs a little more and comes by itself or with an extra needle ... much better quality.  Cheap deals are sometimes just cheap and not a deal.
1,too large
1,Most disappointing purchase on Amazon.com ever. I have been a routine Amazon shopper for more than ten years and am a Prime member. I purchased 5 of these pens as gifts for technical staff. They were on sale and the sale price was 1/8th of the posted "list price". Previously, I have ordered items with a similar magnitude mark down from Amazon.com, and while I don't always agree with the "list price" - I've always been happy with the item for the price I've paid. That is not the case with these pens. I would not pay more than one dollar for one of these pens. They are not boxed but arrive loose, wrapped in plastic, with a large UPC label stuck to them. The chrome portions, appear to be painted plastic, not metal. They are very lightweight and do not have the heft or balance of a a nice pen. They are very cheap in appearance and as a result I will not be giving them as gifts to my staff.
1,When I originally received this printer, I gave it four stars (the review follows this update), but I've learned to hate this machine for several reasons which I'll outline in this updated review.		Review Update: The ink on this machine is proprietary. In other words, you must buy the HP ink, and you must buy it too often. Although we set the default on the printer to draft quality and monochrome, it still uses up color ink when printing. So we find that we have to replace the color ink more often than we really should need to. And the ink only comes in the four packs with red, cyan, magenta, and black. I don't think we'll ever have a level amount of colors, and I seriously doubt will buy more ink the next time we run out. It'd be cheaper to buy a new printer because ink isn't the only problem.		The paper feeder is just screwed up on this thing. It started out fine when we first received it, but as time progressed, we find a consistent problem with the paper feed. It often pulls through multiple sheets at a time. This would be fin if only one of the sheets got printed on, but usually what happens is several sheets get a partial print and all of them end up useless. This is especially a problem with nonstandard paper (i.e. photo paper, cardstock, or certificates). The only thing we've been able to do about it is feed the paper one sheet at a time. That's a hassle that we just don't need, especially since we are often printing on deadline.		Another issue that seems to be occurring more frequently is printing excess pages. We don't actually use the printer often, so we turn it completely off when we aren't actively printing. Lately, despite print jobs completing before we turn off the printer, we're finding that the next time we turn it on, it'll reprint the previous job. It's a waste of paper and ink.		Original Review:	The printing and scanning quality of the printer is excellent. Setup is a bit tedious; the documentation is a bit TOO simplistic and requires one to rely almost entirely on instructions on the small screen. Features are mostly easy to use, but documentation on some features like security and various HP software applications (whether in print or on the printer's help screens) is nonexistent. Also, the setup process requires the machine to be plugged into an active phone line to set up the fax feature, even if the user doesn't intend to ever use this particular feature.		Of course, setup is a one-time process, and, despite the lack of clear instructions, relatively easy, if time-consuming. Most of the software included on the driver CD is unnecessary to the operation of the printer.		This is not a small printer, and requires more space than expected, but the trade-off in quality seems worth it so far.		One aspect I do not like at all: The printer sends "anonymous" usage information to HP, ostensibly to improve their products. Supposedly, this does not include any identifiable or personal information, but it does include details such as what time a print job was initiated and what program was used to print, which I'd consider "personal." Also, it's used to target offers to the user, which would seem to be impossible without personal information. (You can disable this feature during setup.) I wouldn't recommend against the printer for this reason, but would recommend users take the time to deactivate this feature.
1,Shipping could not have been better.  Replacement cartridge for HP 98 not worth the money.  This was a package of 2 cartridges.  The first one printed about100 pages and the second one didn't work at all.  This was my second experience with refilled ink cartridges and will also be my last.
1,I tried the Magic Jack. It was fairly easy to set up. It was easy to understand, but the transmission was not clear and I had problems with automated prompts and I had trouble understanding people on the other end as well as the people on the other end could not understand me. I switched to Basic Talk, which is also a VoIP. Basic talk is much clearer and I am pleased. Magic Jack's price is excellent, but not if you the transmission is not clear. I hate to pay more for Basic Talk, but I will. I cannot recommend to my friends.
1,It is too thick! Hard to use. I will throw it away.
1,I am following the directions it came with and it fails to transfer any image to a mouse pad. Appears to be just regular paper, not transfer paper.
1,These are not the heavy duty Avery binders. They are medium duty at best.
1,We had a Boston Nautilus Sharpener&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Boston-Nautilus-Battery-Powered-Sharpener/dp/B000PTQFRS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Boston Nautilus Battery-Powered - Sharpener</a>&nbsp;which recently was dropped and broke. That sharpener was great and had a lot more power than this one, even though it does not have the greatest reviews on Amazon. When we received this one we were amazed how small this one is - not much larger than a credit card from profile. The mechanism looks extremely fragile and you have to push the pencil in harder than on other sharpeners - and you have to hold on to the minuscule unit so it won't spin. A cheap blade is doing the cutting instead of a more advanced mechanism involving cutting cylinders. This causes the graphite to break more easily than in more advanced models - or even in manual sharpeners.		UPDATE 1/27/12: The "sharpener" blade still rotates two months later, yet pens are no longer sharpened, no matter how hard I push (without breaking the cheap plastic). I tried various pencils - same result. Batteries get recycled, the rest is in the trash. Don't waste your money.
1,Unless you have an absolutely top-of-the-line inkjet printer AND are handing these out to people who really just don't care much, i wouldn't recommend them for any 'professional' purpose.		For starters, they don't pop apart as easily as other avery business cards (and even those have rough edges). At first i thought it was just a function of the ink messing with the perforations, so i pulled out an unprinted sheet. Nope, i still can't get the cards out without tearing a few of them.		Second, the edges are rough and the paper is thin. These would never be mistaken for professionally-printed business cards.		Third, if you are using a normal consumer inkjet printer, it'll show in the final product. (I don't hesitate to use my photo printer to print out pictures to have around the house, but if i'm sending it to family, or framing it to go on the wall, i pay the few cents to get it professionally printed. The same standards would apply here.)		Since my kids are still pretty young, and don't notice that the back of a third or so of the cards are peeled up funny, i've been using these to make little games for them - pictures of objects for hide-and-seek, that sort of thing. They're fine for that kind of use.
1,Useless brick after a year.  I have been using OBI110. I have been quite happy with it because I could use my Google Voice account to make/receive calls. About 2 years ago, I ordered OBi202 just because it supported fax. I realize that the fax feature was no better than OBi110.		What I did not know before I ordered OBi202 was that they have come up with ingenious way to extort money. Even though it is only $10 a year, they don't mention it anywhere when you order. Both my OBI110 and OBi202 stopped working about a year ago even though I never ever logged into the web interface (for OBI110) or the obitalk.com site to change any settings. When I finally got around to trying to fix the the issue, OBi110 doesn't give any option to set up Google Voice. It appears to be already configured and set up since I never changed any settings. As for OBi202, it shows that the device is online and when set up with Google Voice but does not work. When I try to dial out, I hear the recording "No device configured error. Go to Obitalk.com and configure your device". I tried to configure it again but as soon as I click on Google Voice, it jumps back to the support page prompting me to pay $10.		No OBihai, I am not going to give you $10 annually because the only reason I bought this device with the fax option was to use it probably once a year when I ever need to send a fax. I say once a year because I probably have to send one fax in a year if at all. Today when I needed to send a fax, you made me realize that I wasted my money buying your device. If OBihai wants to go with a subscription model, then they should actually offer a SIP service. What are you actually offering with the $10 yearly except for allowing your users to use a third-party service (Google Voice) that costs you nothing? I don't get it. Imagine buying a cable modem that deactivates after a year and the modem manufacturer asking $10 every year to let you use the cable modem that you have already paid for. It does not matter if its only $10 - it is just not being honest with your product.		With this review, I want to warn others who may be thinking that this device works like it used to. It does NOT.		As for my once-a-year fax solution? I found an Android app that lets you send a 5-page fax (or five 1-page faxes) for $2.50 and that is a much reasonable solution.
1,If you are looking for 3 inch tape. DONT BUY THIS. Description says 3 inch core.  Well duh!  I bought it thinking it was 3 inch tape.  It's actually two inch tape.  What a terrible ad
1,Service from the vendor was fine, but this pen does not write smoothly.  Ink flow is inconsistent and skips.  I was hoping for better.
1,jambs up too much and I don't feed a lot at a time paid 49.00 now they are 29.00 that should tell you they are no good
1,I DONT write bogus reviews. I write HONEST ones.	DON'T LET THIS HAPPEN TO YOU.	I purchased 2 sets of these. The seller sent one. I had to write and tell them to send the second set.	I purchased these BEFORE my ink completely ran out. The night it DID run out (Labor Day) , I opened the new cartridges. They looked somewhat different from the ones that I had. I SHOULD have stopped there but I didn't. Admittedly the model numbers seemed to compare. So I thought they might be just made a bit differently. I stupidly installed them. That was a big mistake. I attempted to run the printer. It gave me error messages that the cartridges were empty except for the blue (cyan) I ran a couple of cleaning cycles. The same cartridges still were claimed to be empty. I removed the red (magenta). it WAS empty. I "thought" it was full when I installed it but a window showed empty. I installed the other new one. Likewise for the yellow which also seemed empty. I removed the black and it showed empty as well. By THIS time I saw what was happening. The ink was running out of the front of the printer and onto the table and the floor. It destroyed papers (that I had printed) on the floor, as well as the carpet. I wadded up a bunch of toilet paper and packed it under the corner where it was leaking from but the damage was already done. The printer was full of ink. as well as the damages already mentioned. My hands were stained along with EVERYTHING the ink had come in contact with which was a lot.	Please read other negatives. I am NOT the FIRST person to report this situation.	Is cheep ink worth the risk that I took? Do YOU want to gamble and lose what I did?	THIS STUFF IS JUNK. PERIOD! It is NOT worth the risk. There ARE inexpensive ink cartridges that DO WORK well. The ones I replaced were very inexpensive. I wish I remember where I got them. Now its too late. The damage is done. I'm sure the printer is shot. There is no way I can "clean" it inside where it matters. I cant clean up the mess it made elsewhere except what i was able to wipe up, but the stains are permanent. The damages cant be undone.	An expensive lesson for some cheap ink. Are YOU willing to gamble?
1,It is a low quality China product! Compasses are flimsy. Also, the print of ruler was wiped after first use.	I am a student and I need it for this semester but I have to buy a better quality!
1,It is an expensive sharpener and it doesn't do the job. I bought almost a month ago and only used it 3 times, it doesn't shapren the pencil around. I am not happy with it. Electric Pencil Sharpener,Adjust Guide,2 quot;x11 quot;x7 quot;,Beige/DK GY
1,I purchased this phone and by design, I find it attractive. However, it stopped working in less than 30 days. It drops calls for no reason, going mute etc. Week one it had incredible range and now I can't even get a dial tone on one of the headsets. Don't waste your money.
1,I orded these (8 PK 2 sets of 4) with the picture showing OEM Brother Ink pkg and got after market compatible ink cartridges. I haven't used the colors yet, but the black is not printing well. I author a weekly newsletter and the heavier black imagines and type fade or stripe instead of a good solid print. Please change the pic, Amazon. This is misleading.
1,This disk is a disappointment.  The Table of Contents is worthless which means you have to go through contents repeatedly, repeatedly to find what you need.  There is NO organization what so ever to this so-called "kit".
1,They work only thing the heads a a bit small.
1,This is a great printer and scanner, etc., but it is extremely difficult to set up with Win 8.  Canon does provide Win 8 drivers and software, but quite often the installation fails when it comes to detecting the printer either wirelessly or with usb.  At the times the best that you can do is to have generic drivers, but that won't help with the scanning and you will have little control over the printer.  Makes it a complete waste.  But, for those who have Win 7, no problems whatsover.  I have the same issues with the IP 4920.  Useless basically in Win 8, and fully functional in Win 7.  Don't expect much help from technical support.  They don't seem to be tech savvy at all; just going by what is in their binders, etc.
1,I have a very good quality paper trimmer but I thought this would be really quick when making lots of straight cuts. It's my fault that I did not purchase a larger one - this one is too small for my purposes. But the real issue is after 24 cuts, I noticed my cuts were beginning to look a bit ragged. I cleaned the blade, tried thinner paper and the cut was still inferior. Tonic is known for good products but I am very disappointed with this. Now it sits on a shelf unused but it probably should just be tossed.
1,Piece of shut	Wish I could give 0 star
1,I thought they were 5 x 7 but they were much smaller. Can't use.
1,I've had no complaints on this product until the last one I purchased in which the magenta cartridge stopped working shortly after inserting in spite of the package saying the product was good until well into 2017.
1,Had to send these back because they didn't work on carpet as advertised.
1,DL clip was weak. Returned it.
1,DO NOT BUY!!! I ignored the other warnings and decided to give it a try. It leaves toner all OVER the paper. THANK GOODNESS it's prime and I can return it.
1,I stopped buying Genuine Epson Ink, just way to much money. They say you are out of ink and will not print anymore. You replace it and shake the cartridges and hear there is still ink in them....
1,1) Doesn't do my OS, despite advertising to the contrary  : (  2)  Very thin plastic guts made me nervous : /	Sent it back.
1,If you're planning on injuring yourself, please buy one of these. This thing slips and slides all over the place. I almost broke my ankle.
1,I originally gave this four stars, but now .... buy the warranty.  Mine has started to jam if I use one end (with smaller paper).  I have kept it lubricated and have not abused it.  I also looked inside and cannot find a problem.
1,I was very impressed with the printer in the beginning. however, having it now for just a couple of weeks, I'm having jammed papers very often, whenever I print more than 3 papers at a time, a paper jam will occur.	not good.		UPDATE: After using this printer now for 6 months, I can fairly advise anyone DO NOT BUY THIS PRINTER, period.	every single print, I have a jammed paper, which means opening up the front & back cover of the printer and pulling out the jammed paper, and then try again, this is really insane and very very frustrating not to be able to perform simple printing tasks without a hassle.
1,I changed from my "old" cartridge (a different brand) to a fresh LD cartridge to print labels for our local Arboretum.  The first cartridge worked until about half full and started leaving smudges on the sides of the label pages.  I tried cleaning the roller and it was a little better but started smudging again.  I changed to the second unopened cartridge and it also made smudges along the right margin of the pages from the beginning.  Very frustrating!
1,Not build with durable material. Size tend to be small.
1,If you have the right printer, you will love these!!!		But this package should have a warning about printer compatibility. I have used other Avery business cards in my HP CM1415fnw printer with no problem, but these "CleanEdge" cards fall apart and jam the printer when I attempt to print the backside. The seams are too brittle.		I removed eight sheets from the package with extreme care not to bend them, as I could see they were already more fragile than my other packs. I ran the first side of several sheets through with no problems. Then I turned one sheet over and put it in the paper tray *without* the others. It jammed. I tried again with each of the remaining 7 sheets. Run it through by itself, careful not to bend. Only one printed properly.		That was one page of handsome, smooth, professional business cards! With clean edges! But seven pages were garbage.		I understand that my printer is partially at fault for this failure, as pages are thoroughly bent when they feed through it. However, there is no reason why I shouldn't have forewarning of this problem, especially after using the regular (non-CleanEdge) business cards for years with no problems. Dear Avery, please add a note about fragility of this product on your packaging so that we don't waste our money.
1,UPDATE (Feb-25-2016) - It's been 3 years and I'm still a big-and-tall guy (no bigger and no taller). After my previous post I did contact the manufacturer that sent me a new base and piston. Yet again, it has broken (the piston and one of the wheels). The chair itself - specifically where you sit on it is fine and comfortable, but the piston and base is just pure junk. It's a shame for an otherwise well-made & comfortable chair to have such an achilles heel. If you're "big-and-tall", like me, I'd strongly recommend that you look elsewhere and not waste your money. With a limited warranty, I'm S.O.L., so I have begun my search again for a chair that won't break - how hard should this be???		I purchased this chair (through Amazon) in Feb-2013. I specifically chose it because it seemed like the best value for a big-and-tall guy (I'm 6'4"/260). I've never had a chair hold up to daily use for more than 2 years (most last about a year) and I just can't afford to pay $1K-$2K (or more) upfront for a high-end big-and-tall chair (like a Herman-Miller Aeron). When the chair arrived the outer shipping box was badly damaged (looked like it fell from more than 10-15 feet on a corner. When I opened the box and took out the contents, several parts of the chair were broken (I was surprised at the generally low-quality/thin 2-layer cardboard box and internal packing) and I contacted the manufacturer who promptly sent replacement parts (took 2-3 days). When I got the chair put together, it looked and felt real good and all seemed okay. Last month, the erosion began as the screws/bolts that hold the side-arms to the seat & back became wobbly and I had to re-tighten everything (broke a plastic screw cover in the process). Last week I noticed the seat became slightly wobbly (rocks side-to-side about 1/2 inch) and yesterday the piston gave out and now the chair sinks gradually over the day and I have to re-adjust the height about 5-6 times/day. I'm going to contact the manufacturer again and see if they can send a new base/piston, but I don't have any hope that this chair is worth even half of the price I paid for it. If you are a big and/or tall person, I would strongly recommend looking elsewhere - this chair just doesn't cut it. It's probably heading for the local landfill in a few months.
1,Pen does not write most of the time. When you finally get it writing it only last's for that writing session. No option for cartridge that I can tell.
1,The one I got leaked all over the place.  I had to get a different brand.  Very disappointed.  Won't buy again.
1,Ink dries up too quickly.
1,The material quality is good. Thick and strong. However, the adhesive is very weak.
1,Epson screws people by selling 2 ink for $60. They also put chips in their ink cartridges that reject any other cartridge that's been refilled. That's like extortion.
1,Fisher Space Pen supposed to write on all surface permanently trouble with writing on  Dark BlackTape
1,This is a product review, not a seller review; These pens are not inexpensive and to have them stop flowing, as though dry, is terrible! Not 1 pen but multiple show full ink volume but won't write. Very disappointed. I've bought cheaper that work just fine. NOT recommended.
1,The Instant Ink program is a complete scam.  They monitor your printing (yes really) and you get charged for printing beyond the subscription program you signed up for.  Worse, I had a credit card issue (card was expired) and when the greedy HP people couldn't get $14 off the expired card, they turned off the printing functions. Apparently I missed email notifications which my computer interpreted as spam. I was prompted to visit the instant ink website without clear instructions regarding the reason my printer wouldn't function.  So I cancelled the service, printer still wouldn't work. And now, I have to buy all new ink cartridges because the "special chip implanted" ones won't work when you cancel the service.  Crappy product and crap customer service.
1,This barely has the power to sharpen a pencil. You poke the pencil into the sharpener and it makes the right noises but nothing happens. Pushing a little harder and it starts to sharpen - sort of: it barely bites into the end..  Push a little harder so that it bites on the pencil and the motor stalls.		This is not worth it even if it was $5.
1,I paid $4.99 for one binder, which looks and feels feeble; not worth it. Look elsewhere, folks.
1,running ink-can't control running into surrounding space
1,does not feed after one sheet--junk.
1,These are complete garbage.  I bought some of these years ago.  Ran out and need more so I bought these.  They bent the first time I used them.  Can only put in a few sheets of paper,  any extra weight and they bend.  I compared the top rod from the old ones I had and these.  Guess what,  the new garbage ones are so thin.  Guess they don't make them like they used to.  Will throw them all out.
1,Toner produces a medium grey print.  One of the cartridges was broken.  The get what you pay for.
1,This mat was destroyed by my teenage son in only 5 months.		When it first arrived I questioned the quality.  It didn't feel like any chair mat I have had before, but I decided to give it a chance.  A choice I truly regret.
1,Too Expensive, overpriced, Amazon has other options that are much better on the pricing, the only nice thing about this product is the little box but too expensive, I will never buy again!
1,very flimsy and overly complicated to install.  Would have been much easier if these three partitions were one unit (assembled) as they are very flimsy.
1,About every 10/15 years or so, I decide to purchase a letter opener.  My first was a beautiful silver letter opener with a thin blade and a sharp tip.  It is an instrument of destruction!  It works perfectly.  It inserts easily and when you slide it, it cuts the envelope open.  No complaints.  I needed another opener for my office about 10 years ago and purchased an OIC opener.  It was not beautiful, but merely serviceable.  The blade was not nearly as thin and the point not nearly as sharp.  So when I moved back to my home office, I had two openers.  But I always went for the old one.  Well, the other day I couldn't find it.  So, I tried buying the Westcott Titanium Bonded Letter Opener.  With both the OIC and the Westcott on my desk, I am sad to say the OIC is better (not by much, but it is better).  That makes the Westcott third out of three.  I gave it two stars because the handle feels really good in my hand and it would be very safe for a first grader (think safety scissors).  I can't get it into the envelope to begin the opening process unless the person didn't fully seal the letter.  Then, it opens the envelope with a jagged edge.  Happily, I just found the original one.
1,Defective cartridge!!!!  I thought HP ink cartridges were supposed to be the best.  This magenta cartridge kept being rejected by my printer at random.  After total frustration, I finally replaced it.  No more problems.  $18.00 down the drain.
1,Not all the pens write, and the ball point is rough and scratchy.
1,Waste of money for my Cannon Printer.  All containers arrived leaking.  Had to dispose of the items immediately.
1,It's great when it works - double-sided printing! - but the initial wireless pairing with my Mac took well over an hour of repeating the same setup steps over and over (until it suddenly started to work), and within a couple of months, it's stopped printing wirelessly again. To my knowledge, I've not changed anything - never even turned the thing off. Grrr.		So if you're hoping to use this wirelessly, be prepared to roll your sleeves up and read some manuals.		[Update: every few weeks, the wireless connection breaks and needs a half hour to be re-setup. Such ... a ... pain.]
1,Bought this (the white version) thinking it would be a great product. Have used it for about three months. Does NOT make labels unreadable on anything we've use it on. And, even on "non-glossy" items, it rubs off on one's hands as much as the ink from a newspaper. Waste of money, donated it (pawned-it-off would be a better term) to (unnamed) charity. A black indelible marker works far better, or we just tear or cut the labels from magazines/flyers/boxes and run them through the shredder as the rest goes to recycling anyway.
1,Not as sturdy as the one I was replacing-- I'll go back to a kitchen sponge.
1,Arrived Damaged.
1,The leads are all broken. Causing them to be about half as long as they started with.  The ones that didn't seem broken are about half gone from just coloring and sharpening needing a fine point.  Not worth the time, hassle or money. :(
1,I want to love these SOO MUCH, however they keep coming to me with broken leads and split wood.  :( it gets to be such a hassle to return and these are NOT cheap!! I'm not sure if it's a packaging problem or a quality problem.
1,Would rather use lubrication sheets.  This is messy.
1,Broke when I tried to use it!!  Thought I was same due to bic name
1,Takes a little longer than 5 mins for the ready light to appear.		There is no switch from 3 to 5 mil like instructions suggested.		Pouch folds everytime i insert it and bubbles terribly. The ready light goes on and then off while I'm laminating something. I don't know if I got a lemon but this laminator was not worth the money. I'm returning it and investing in something else. And yes I was using the Apache pouches.
1,PHONE DRIVES YOU NUTS WITH BLINKING LIGHT
1,I could barely get these through the printer before the perforations had ripped apart. Vanish any ideas of double sided cards....
1,UPDATE 2: What started out as a 5-star review is now a 1-star. Between the roller marks and the chair casters getting caught on the edges of the mat flipping up, it's ridiculous. The 1 star goes for the harmful chemical-free construction but that's it.		UPDATE: Ok, the mat has started to raise up around the edges, which is a great opportunity to stub your toes. Other than that and the white roller marks left by the pressure of the chair casters, it's been a decent mat. I'm deducting two stars for these disappointments.
1,Horrible! I submitted a refund request because the key hole got stuck and locked up my medication!!! I could not take my meds until the next day when I had to completely break the lock. Did not get a response on refund a long while back either!
1,I have had this for a couple of weeks and it worked great. Then last week, it stopped working. I changed the batteries, and still nothing. The laser pointer still works, which means that the batteries are fine, but the left/right buttons do not work anymore. It stopped working out of the blue.
1,Overpriced and useless.  These things wouldn't support a piece of construction paper.
1,Our printer has worked on the after market cartridges in the past but this is not working.  We keep getting change cartridge messages even though we just installed the new cartridge. I would like to return for a refund.
1,Junk, Junk, Junk. Poorly made and even worst customer service. Was good while it lasted but did not last long... now it's broke. As soon as you turn it on, it starts trying to scan and will not stop. You can change settings and, while it runs the form through, it will not scan the document or save it to the micro-SD card. Call customer service and all they can say is, "All we can do is say, 'remove the batteries and see if that will help'". I told them, "so I guess I'll have to go buy someone else's electronics now." They said, "Ok, have a great day" and hung up.		Since I'm outside the warranty now, and it's junk, I decided to take it apart and see if there was anything that I could see to try and help. WOW, China junk. There were two OBVIOUS defects that clearly came from the factory. I'm including the two photos.		One possible reason I was having problems feeding the paper could be the obvious cut in the upper guide (pic 1). Also, I'm not sure what the metal pickup is for with the lines, but they were scraped off on one side (pic 2).		Obvious quality control issues and obviously a company that could care less about standing behind their products, care less about return customers, and apparently care less about bad reviews.		BEWARE!!!!
1,I was trying to replace a pen from years ago. The photo and description looked the same, but when I received it, I was very disappointed. First of all, the pen is not as nicely weighted or as sturdy as the old one, and when you try to write with it, instead of a nice, fine line, you get blobs of ink. Not a pleasure to use at all.
1,I'll stay with my Waterman with the refill cartridges. Guaranteed the same writing quality and ink delivery time after time.
1,Had to return it as it was defective. Discovered this fact after investing time in assembling all the pieces, which was annoying.
1,Why is the eraser so god damn small? Not worth even close to the price.
1,I've only had this cartidge a couple months and I have the warning message. I have shaken the cartidge a few times which always seems to extend the life but it has not stopped the warning. The same thing happened with my Canon laser printer. Maybe I'm printing more than I think. I'm wondering how everybody knows how many pages have printed from the cartidge. You can't be counting them out.
1,don't keep these pens for a long time without using them. I threw away most of them because they didn't write.
1,The rings of this binder open easily, but the prongs of the rings don't line up well so if you flip pages back and forth over the seam where they join together, they often get caught on the rings. If you want to simply use the binder for storage this might not matter, but if you plan to use it on a daily basis, this will get annoying. Maybe others aren't as bad as mine, but I can only see this getting worse with time. The closure of the rings is different from basic binders that join together like a joint - this one has one end that actually has a smaller tip and is supposed to fit flush in the other one, but it causes gaping.		Also, the internal pockets stretch out very easily which makes them pretty useless for holding just a couple of papers at once.		I'm writing this review after just one day of using the binder, so it's safe to say I'm pretty disappointed in its quality.
1,Bought two..they take forever to start up.
1,Sucks.
1,Used this for a year and it suddenly died on me. Absolutely random. The only thing I did was just shift the laminator a bit on my counter. Really? You're going to die on me because of that?		Definitely don't recommend. I use 10-mil pouches and the lamination comes out very bendy. It's won't flatten regardless even if you're cooling it on a flat surface or underneath 5 reams of paper. It won't stay flat at all. You'll have to put it through the laminator twice.		Also, this does not heat up in 1 minute. I find myself having to put my sheets through another round if I put it in exactly after the beep. The pouches don't adhere completely to the sheet because it's not hot enough. You have to wait probably an extra 2 minutes for it to heat completely.		Overall, very disappointing. Does not meet up to standards. And won't last very long.
1,Not worth the 1 star that Amazon requires you to give it. BEWARE: MAJOR WASTE OF $. Do not guy!!!
1,If you are going to buy a DECT phone (no matter which brand) I would suggest you be sure to purchase from a place that has a great return policy.  This technology seems to work fine for some people,  but unfortunately I have fallen into the sizable camp of people for whom it does not work.  No matter where we place the base,  we end up having calls get dropped -  several times a day.  It's very annoying and frustrating.  I had this problem first with Panasonic's spiffy bluetooth compatible DECT model (KX-TH1212B).  Thinking maybe it was the bluetooth part that was causing the dropped calls,  I switched to this simpler model,  the KX-TG6311.  It too suffers from the dropped call syndrome.  When it works,  it's great.  But when it drops a call,  you want to throw it at the wall.  Read the Amazon user reviews of the KX-TH1212B for more on this -- as of today,  21 of the 46 reviews give it one star,  predominantly because of the dropped call issue.  And Panasonic's customer service people are clueless about this.
1,The concept of using the barcode scanner is great because it is faster than searching through hundreds of items on the square register app to ring up a product, but this scanner is not impressive.  First of all, it is too small and needs to be on a fixed stand and constantly scanning products, not having to push a button to scan.  Secondly, it almost never connects up.  Initially, it had issues than decided to quit.  I am getting a new ipad to try it with and see how it works, but would not recommend this to someone who wants a good scanner.  Square needs to allow more hardware because choices are very limited.
1,I ordered the .7 mm pencil and received the .5 instead. I thought that I received the correct size so my lead just jammed the pencil. The eraser is also very hard to use and cannot be altered easily. You can buy a better mechanical pencil elsewhere.
1,One of the black cartridges worked fine but my other has left me high and dry and unable to print. This has basically screwed up my work day until I can get ahold of real BROTHER ink. DON'T BUY THESE!!!! unless you have backups.
1,This ink seperates and I cannot for the life of me get it to mix again. It is supposed to be red, but comes out as a blackish red, but the colors are seperated and will not remix. I still use it cause I need to, but it's not red at all.
1,Arrived bent and skewed such that the handle can not be attached. Hang tag has 1 photo of the correct item and then a parts list and diagrams for assembly on what was apparently an older or different model. Seems strong, can't imagine how it became so misshaped. Nice finish, though. Will likely try again hoping for a better result.
1,No instructions un package...so I tried to put it together without and failed
1,I like the price.  The cards (I've bought a gazillion by now) are not perforated well.  They vary by centering and they vary by depth.  You'll find several in a box that have no perforations.  You'll frequently need to return boxes that were perforated way off center and the cards won't be useable.		The weight isn't up to par and they're not bright white.		If you need those, by all means buy Avery.		With these, you'll need to adjust your printer settings to "other greeting card", which I find works well...slow as cold molasses, but will jam less frequently.
1,magnet is too weak . keep drop off from steel shelving . The ink seems  half dried , very light color when writing on glossy surface
1,Sucks...Used one time and ran out of ink!!
1,Not great quality, but it is cheap.  Ended up replacing my printer after these...
1,I just put this in the printer two days ago. Already saying 50 pages left and almost time to replace. I printed less than 150 pages in the two days. What a waste of money!
1,With minimal use (really minimal.... e.g. 30 pages of printing total, this printer has sujected me to numerous paper jams and is now out of ink  No economies here.  Feature heavy, but simply is not decent quality.  My 15 year old HP never gave me these headaches.		Typical printer scam, expensive ink, low price.... nothing saved.  Junk.
1,It didn't stick and didn't hold anything. Not worth it.
1,Spent almost 2 hours on tech support with Ringcentral.  Still not working.  I will most likely be sending it back.  Going to try one my time on tech support with them.  Transferred to level 2 tech support at ring central and they said they do not support the vvx600.  I am going to send it back.
1,2 stars for great print quality.  But that's all that's favorable here.  The high price, unsustainable design requiring loads of discardable packaging and the fact that the cartridges themselves are not readily reusable, plus high ink consumption rates are awful.  I understand some of these shortcomings are the fault of the printer itself but I'm just going to doing the ink cartridges too as they're guilty by association.  :-)
1,We bought these labels for our children's ministry to "tag" the kids.  They don't stay on the fabric... I'm looking for a better product.
1,This is my first disappointing experience with the Quartet brand. My combination board arrived with a large buckle in the magnetic whiteboard. I posted pictures on this product page. The glue separated. We tried to re-fit the white surface but couldn't smooth it out.		The buckle wasn't just an aesthetic blemish. Quartet needs to adjust the amount or type of glue used on the magnetic whiteboard.		I like the board's size (30" x 18") and the combination utility with the cork board surface. The aluminum frame came with two mounting options (clips and mounting pads) for cubicles or walls.		Overall, the board is of less-than-average quality, especially weighing the $74.99 list price and $46.99 Amazon price. I can't recommend this board at either of those prices.		I do recommend&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Quartet-ReWritables-Mini-Dry-Erase-Markers/dp/B0006VQBTW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Quartet ReWritables Mini Dry-Erase Markers</a>, which I received at the same time as this board. I'm using the markers with a different dry erase board.		Rating: Two stars
1,If you are going to buy a DECT phone (no matter which brand) I would suggest you be sure to purchase from a place that has a great return policy.  This technology seems to work fine for some people,  but unfortunately I have fallen into the sizable camp of people for whom it does not work.  No matter where we place the base,  we end up having calls get dropped -  several times a day.  It's very annoying and frustrating.  I had this problem first with Panasonic's spiffy bluetooth compatible DECT model (KX-TH1212B).  Thinking maybe it was the bluetooth part that was causing the dropped calls,  I switched to this simpler model,  the KX-TG6311.  It too suffers from the dropped call syndrome.  When it works,  it's great.  But when it drops a call,  you want to throw it at the wall.  Read the Amazon user reviews of the KX-TH1212B for more on this -- as of today,  21 of the 46 reviews give it one star,  predominantly because of the dropped call issue.  And Panasonic's customer service people are clueless about this.
1,After waiting a month to get this it arrived.  POORLY packed, no box just plastic wrapped around the blister pack.  Looks like old stock to me.  Inserted a ink cartridge and guess what?  It wouldn't write after 30 minutes waiting for it to feed.  Tried squeezing the cartridge to force the ink to the nib.  Finally got an exacto knife and got the gunk cleaned out of the channnel.  Finally writes after an hour of dicking around with it.  Not a fine point, looks cheap.
1,I am always looking for a better way to hang onto those important files that I need to keep nearby, but don't want to bury all the way in the filing cabinet.  The Smead MO File Box seemed like it could be a good way to keep those papers right at hand.  When it arrives, it will be packed flat and you need to unfold it (no assembly required, it just unfolds into a box).  Examining the box, it is made of a thin coated cardboard that seemed reasonably durable at first, but it is not the really thick sturdy cardboard that used to be used for making these boxes.		I quickly put the box in my drawer and started keeping papers in it.  It's a little disappointing for the price that it doesn't come with a slip-cover - you need to purchase that separately.  As I went back for more papers, I could just tell that this box is not meant for constant use.		Since it claims it can hold up to 750 sheets of paper, I conveniently had a ream of 750 sheets of 20# printer paper I could put in to test the box.  I emptied out my files and put in the ream of paper.  First thing I noticed is that the handles are blocked by the paper - not very useful.  As I tried to pickup the box full of paper, one side crumpled and bent.  Now there is a sharp vertical crease in the box that appears whenever I move it, so I'd say it is more or less ruined.		On the plus side, the box is made of 40% recycled content, is part of the sustainable forestry initiative, and is made in the USA.		Smead has made a nice box here for light filing, but I think they are being a little optimistic in the pricing given how thin it is.  You certainly don't want to jam it full of paper!  I'd expect to get 3 of these for the $10 price listed, and overall would not recommend it for general use unless they reassess the price.
1,AMAZON IS THE BEST BUY!  The store named Best Buy claims to have a 30 return policy. I bought an HP printer from the so-called Best Buy store and I soon ran out of ink.  I also had a terrible time with the HP printer.  The HP printer had very little ink, it took forever too get the printer to start, it made a lot of noise when compared to other Brand named printers, it took a long time to print let alone shut down and it printed a test page that used up a great amount of INK without me directing it to.  The HP printer also has very little INK that comes with the HP printer and when I purchased extra regular INK cartridges I ran out very soon. I found this out with HP printers; very little INK.  If you buy a regular HP ink cartridge you are buying what I call a sample HP INK cartridge since it runs out of ink quickly.  If you think about it the HP cartridges that show 2.5 times more INK are the same size as the regular cartridges.  You then have to ask, "how much ink do they really put in the regular OVER priced HP INK cartridges"?  I considered myself cheated when I bought the regular sized cartridge.  My personal opinion is that the HP 2.5 times more INK cartridges run out after printing only about 50% more than the regular overpriced HP INK cartridges while you end up paying a lot more.	The only good thing about my experience with the Best Buy store is that I was able to try out the HP INK supply and the printers' performance!  I could suggest doing the same but I won't.  I will state that I wasn't shy returning the HP printer to the Best Buy store because I was not afraid of this chain store and I was not satisfied with the performance of the HP Printer.  Best Buy says you have 30 days to return the HP Printer you should have 30 days but this is a misnomer!  I tried the HP printer I bought from the Best Buy store and I didn't like its performance.  The Best Buy store states that you can return it within 30 days for a full refund if you don't like its performance.  I took the Best Buy store for their word and I returned the HP printer to the Best Buy store after 25 days of use.  The Best Buy store would not take the return without me signing a statement stating that I would not return anything I buy until after a 90-day period from the time I returned the HP Printer.  I should have told them to F off and accept my return without signing their statement.  The Best Buy store also wants a photo ID from everyone when they return something.  If the item is being charged back to your credit card then you should not have too give them any ID!  This amounts too invasion of privacy (Big Brother).  AMAZON IS THE BEST BUY!  AMAZON DOES NOT ASK FOR A PHOTO ID!	My opinion is that the Best Buy store is not the BEST BUY! I believe Amazon is the BEST BUY!	MY OPINION IS THAT Amazon does have the BEST BUY.  Amazon is not like the so-called Best Buy store.  It is my opinion that Amazon ALWAYS gives you the BEST BUY.  I will stay committed to Amazon and quit buying from the so-called Best Buy store.  Amazon has fantastic delivery, great service, in most states no tax, in most cases free shipping, extended warranties are available and Amazon will take care of any problems immediately, unlike the so-called Best Buy store!
1,<div id="video-block-R2MX4C9M5FW6OI" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C1y965w5-wS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B1SK881i%2B8S.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;This printer is easy to set up...the first time.		Then you'll have wireless connection problems and will need to set up the printer from scratch several times because going to sleep on this printer means you'll lose the wireless connection.		But that's not even the most frustrating thing about it! YOU CAN'T PRINT IN BLACK AND WHITE! Everything you print uses color. If you select 'black and white'...it still prints in color! If you choose grayscale, it prints in grayscale but uses color ink to do it!		I called Canon support to ask how to turn off the color printing and she said you can't. You can select things that will reduce the amount of color ink used, but it will always use the color ink. This is a bad thing, because if you run out of blue ink, for example, YOU CAN'T PRINT ANYTHING...even a black and white word letter!		It's frustrating beyond belief, and once you open it you can't return it! This was a waste of $70 and a very, very, VERY expensive printer to own if you're printing mostly black and white documents!		Bottom line? Canon makes their printer money off their ink cartridges, so they're going to do whatever they can to make you use more ink. It feels dishonest and I feel like I just got punked by Canon.		UPDATE:		The printer's worse than I imagined. We've dealt with the B&W thing, and buy the cartridges that aren't made by Canon (they're about 1/4 the price and makes the B&W ink problems bearable. Having used the printer for 6 months now, there are so many things I detest about this printer, that simply aren't found in other printers and seem to be the result of lazy design work on Canon's end, such as:		1. The footprint is ENORMOUS! With a printer this size, you would expect the paper to be a straight through pathway, but it's not...it wraps around and prevents the use of most stickers and specialty papers,		2. It can only hold about 25 sheets of paper, which means you'll constantly be reloading the paper (and loading the paper is a pain (see #4 below).		3. The output tray (if you can even call it a tray) doesn't hold the paper after it's printed. There's a little extension that helps a tiny bit, but the printer still drops about half the pages that are printed. If this monstrosity doesn't have a large desk to sit on, expect to be picking papers up off the floor (see the video).		4. Related to the output and loading problems is the location of the paper tray...it's under the output tray! This means that if you're printing a mid to long document, you're going to have to move the pages that are printed to load more paper. It's very frustrating and gets really old after doing it a few times.		5. If you store the printer with the door closed, your paper will be bent at a 90-degree angle half-way through and will stay slightly bent forever afterwards.		Overall impressions after 6 months is that the printer is big without the benefits of big printers, poorly designed on the input and output area of the printer, and is a horrible ink-sucker as far as printers go. I have never been more disappointed in a product from a company that usually knows what it's doing. Terrible product in the beginning and it only gets worse down the road.		UPDATE #2: The day after the warranty expired and the computer no longer prints green. Anything green will come out blue. I've done the cleaning, the deep cleaning, and the power cycling, and it fixes nothing. I am officially done with anything Canon that isn't a camera. The 1-day out of warranty problem is even making me rethink the upcoming camera purchase. #CanonUsedToBeGreat
1,broke after a week. returned and now have to get a new one.
1,I bought these in a hope to not have to buy OEM ink. Well back to oem I go.		Pros:	They fit		Cons:	Constantly says the ink is low	Have to restart printer between prints	I think the colors might have been mislabeled as my printer is printing some funny things?		I would not recommend these to anyone.
1,I use this for smaller pieces of medium weight paper (up to 60lb) because it's easier to pull the little one up when my workspace is full.  Have to press down on the plastic paper holder quite hard in order to get it to stay put, and even then, the guillotine tends to squish the lower part of the paper down before cutting it, which results in uneven cutting.		As another reviewer already stated, it takes Gozilla to get into the plastic wrapping which makes the cutter non-returnable.  Okay for pieces shorter than 4 inches, but at 5 inches the cut is uneven.  More of a pain than useful...
1,Cheap envelopes
1,don't waste $$. Replaced in less than a year.  Invest in professional quality.
1,I liked the feature to remove the key ring from the holder but unfortunately the snap broke after about 8 months of use... and am not rough on these. The previous one like this lasted 20 years.
1,not worth the money even if only $7.  The ink does not flow at all.
1,There is no documentation of the fact that 64 bit Vista is not supported.  This is my wife's and I now have to run it over to my 32 bit Vista to synch it.  Otherwise it's a good machine; but, of course, it's obsolete now...
1,Hard to say:  The base unit works okay -- a little arcane -- but the handset had a bad mic.  Amazon sent not just a replacement handset, but the whole kit.  Second kit's handset doesn't connect to base.  Now I have TWO to send back.  GRRrrr.
1,First of all, the picture looks like a firm substance that can hold its shape. This bag has less stability than a garbage bag, and is about as useful for what I was looking to use it. Second, the title was misleading in that I didn't realize the 100 was the quantity and not part of the name. I had assumed that the 12x at the end was the quantity, sadly, which is obviously my own reading comprehension error!		I thought it was expensive for 12 envelopes, but if it had been firm, I intended to use and reuse them (I own a tree service, and it would be perfect for protecting our paperwork in the work truck until it gets back to the office). I only needed 6, one for each day of our workweek, and I figured I would have 6 replacements, ready to go, when these did get damaged. Now I have 100 envelopes for which I have absolutely no use.		I am absolutely horrible at returning things, too, so these will no doubt sit in my office for the next 20 years. I am hoping that, by writing this review, someone else will be spared the bad buy. Thanks for reading!
1,I bought this thinking it was the larger version. Unfortunately, it's the tiny version. Do not be deceived by the picture like I was. It has a cap that you move from the tip to the tail, which lengthens it a bit. However, the cap does not click into place, so it sometimes works its way loose as you write. Very compact, if that's what you seek, but overall not a good buy for me.
1,Would have been better if they didn't bleed through paper. But I do use them to label CDs and DVDs.
1,Red of marker was almost dry. I bought them for my kid and he refused to draw with them and he also was really upset as red is his favorite color.
1,I should have looked closer at the description - these are NOT Moleskine notebooks! There's no pocket in the back, which I find very useful.. They are also 1/4" larger on one side, which will not fit in my notebook holder like the Moleskines do.
1,I had high expectations for this fountain pen since Parker makes it and they are such a well known brand. However before I even got to use it I had trouble with it. The pen is put together VERY tightly so I had to use a bottle opener pad, grip pad, to twist the top section off to insert the ink cartridge in, which they sent a blue ink, most places do this  when you buy a new fountain pen, but come on people, black ink is what I want to write with. After thinking the pen would not write I found out you have to run it under very hot water for a few seconds to get it to write. It now writes fine, is a bit scratchy and you need to pay attention to how you hold it as not to rip your paper, but it writes. The ink is horrible, almost too light to read once it dries. I know the ink is water soluble, but it looks like your writing with blue water...If you want an affordable fountain pen that writes good, has high quality ink included, and looks great, get a LAMY Safari. This pen just feels cheap and I doubt I use it very much since I own a LAMY Safari and there is no comparison to be made with this cheap pen.
1,When it writes I love it ,however, it skips like a ten year old school girl.  I've purchase four fountain pens in the past couple months.  This is at the bottom of the list.  My favorites have been Pilots.  They cost three times more but never skip.
1,Fell once and the bin shattered into pieces and the sharpener no longer kicks on. Just makes a sound when I put a pencil in. I expected heavy duty to mean it would hold up a little better.
1,I order 48 Small, 24 Medium, 24 Large Refill Strips which should have been 6 packs but only received 1 pack of 8 small, 4 medium, 4 large option. I'm very disappointed. I guess I'll return it.
1,Doesn't stay, always having to get up and re-adjust. Prongs are too short, even on office carpet.
1,Okay not worth the price tag they need more stick pads
1,Looks like Paper Mate is no longer making their pencils in the U.S. The box I got was white and blue. The picture still had a U.S. made pencil, but on another part of the package, we're told these are made in Mexico. Looks like another manufacturer has given up the good fight. First Ticonderoga, and now Paper Mate. It's time to update the product pictures.		As to the pencils themselves, they leave a much darker mark (the pencils have a softer lead) than my older Mirado pencils. I like the new formula, but it's decidedly on the darker side. I think the older Mirados were too lite.		Update:	While my initial experience was positive, that's changed. Overall, I'm going to have to say that these just don't cut it. At least 4 pencils in the batch did not have properly bonded lead to the wood chamber. Upon using, the lead moved up and popped off the eraser. These manufacturing defects are signs of a poor quality pencil. Hopefully, defects are addressed and this pencil can return to being a quality product.
1,Leaky and spotty. Waste of money
1,These are adorable! Girls love this as a gift and I highly recommend!		Changed: after about a week, they broke, and the lead is too thin to use...
1,I can't get either of my printers to print it.
1,super narrow seal strip - not as big, or of the same good quality as the last envelopes I bought
1,Absolutely Love the Post it Pop Up. However the colors pictured do NOT match the colors. The colors are extremely dull, faded, and honestly ugly. They almost look like they are a washed version of the picture.  I returned these. They were not attractive. I gave 2 stars just because they are post its and I love the brand!
1,Of course with the first pen I wasn't that focused. Then I took another. This process has continued and this box that I have received is just NOT ULTRA sharp. I have been using these pens for years so why this box isn't right I have no idea. I just know that every pen I have tried so far is not ULTRA FINE. If I had bought THIS BOX at a brick and mortar store I'd return the box. But, I am not going to pay more than the box is worth to return them.
1,I installed this cartridge in my printer in June and it has already run out, in less than two months.  I do very little printing.  The cartridge that came with the printer lasted 5 months.		The one review for the 901XL indicates that it is not any better.
1,These are a great idea but we have had them over a year and just cannot find a pencil that they work well with. We use regular Dixon/Ticonderoga pencils and these just slip too much to be of any use.  See my photo...there is a tiny gap that is just enough to cause the grip to constantly slp.  I keep holding on to them thinking Ill find a pencil they work with....
1,Bad quality prints came out light
1,Does the basic job, but seriously missing some feature e.g. left/right arrow support, and missing software support for mac
1,They're a lot smaller than I thought  but that might be my fault. They don't stick very well either. They kept pealing off.
1,I have no problem whenever I print less than 4 sets of printing with less than 10 pages. If I print more than 40 pages one time, especially with more than 4 sets (collated), print cancels the rest of printing as if it needs to restore back its memory. The previous printer (previous model) never had this kind of issue. I tested more than 10 times and found out the printer is malfunctioning.
1,had to return and this is the cheapest printer I have every come across as far as workmanship
1,I bought a few packs of these and noticed the first one dried out in 3 days and thought it was just defective until It happened with the second one... then I looked at the others...  they are ALL nearly empty and haven't even been used yet!  What in the world!?
1,Very disappointed in this product. Ink did not last as long as I thought it would. First few pages printed very nicely but then faded very quickly.
1,Wrong refills. Supposed to be the all metal refill. I'm using the refills because I need them, however when I order again I would like to get what I ordered.
1,come up not compatible !
