0,I do not do a filter change without adding some bacteria. Helps keep my pond in balance. I have a 1,000 gallon pond with a 50 gallon rock filter. When I clean the rock filter I add it after to recharge the rocks.
0,As long as you don't expect a full power blower you won't be disappointed by this product. It easily sweeps my garage and other paved surfaces. It takes full power to move stuff on vegetation, but it's no big deal. I haven't used the vac option yet, but I'm pretty sure it will work pretty good this fall.
0,bean plants look very healthy
0,Yep, works great!
0,Great product holds more grass clippings than I can carry! Seems durable enough to last a very long time!!  Easy to use and folds up to store nicely. Will be using them most every weekend. Very happy with product
0,These planters are so cute. They look great on my porch. I got  a great deal on the price also.
0,These bags came quickly and worked well.
0,Price was great
0,Great for cleaning the grill
0,Good
0,Earned all 5 stars.  I was having a bear of a time finding the correct chain for an older craftsman chainsaw I purchased (Model Number 358.356280) with an 18" Blade at a used sale.  This chain is of excellent quality and had minimal stretching when I first put it on and went to work.  It helped me tear through some firewood and some old lilac bushes i wanted gone.  I have about an hour of solid cutting on it and i haven't seen performance dwindle enough that i need to run a file over it. Will be buying more to keep on hand when this one eventually runs out of web on the teeth.
0,working  very good
0,SPREADER WORKS WELL CLEANS UP EASY WORKS WITH ALL KINDS OF GRANULATED FERTILIZER AND INSECT KILLER EASY TO ADJUST WHILE IN USE
0,Tested viability of my first order and all did well.  Would purchase again.
0,Fits and performs perfectly.
0,Strap is OK.  The clamp that attaches to the shaft likes to slide up ever so slowly.  This movement  is not surprising considering the vibrations and all, but a really well designed (5 star) strap would not budge.		I stopped using the strap for 2 reasons:	 1. I can keep the trimmer more steady and in the proper position better without the strap.	 2. When I switch from general trimming to edging the sidewalk (turn the tool 90 degrees), the strap needs to be adjusted and would take too much time to switch back and forth.		If I was trimming brush all day where precession was not as important, this would be a perfect strap.
0,Good quality and have not leaked so far. Shut-off is easy to turn.	Awesome perk is the extra washers that were included which are also good quality material.
0,Seems like good product for money..easy to see but colors always hard to match!
0,Does the trick.
0,Great product! It saved my indoor lemon tree! Thanks
0,I love these timers and have used them for over 30 years.  Tried the newer digital ones but they were so complicated to use and didn't last.  These always last a few years though the writing fades making it harder to see the times on it.  But we rarely have to replace them unless the spring inside stops working which is years later.  I got Blue ones instead of the Green pictured but that's no biggy to us.  Even though these are made of plastic, we rarely have any problems with leaking.  Once installed, just turn them to the time you want and no worries.  NOTE: You should turn past 60 minutes or more first to make sure the mechanical winder spring works instead of just turning to 15 minutes.  It will work better and last longer if you remember to do that.  We've never had one fail to turn off when the timer was done which is the main reason for using them!
0,good deal and works great for the trees
0,I really like this so far. There was a problem with getting the sensor to work at first but since I'd read the prior reviews I had an idea as to what the problem was. The battery cap wasn't pressing down hard enough on the batteries to make a connection, but after adding a strip of tin-foil it worked perfectly and the receiver picked it right up. We use this when filling our large jet tub. He likes the water at 104 degrees and I like it at 98 degrees. This way he doesn't freeze and I don't get burned. Everyone's happy.
0,Does the job, keeps the goats in and the elk out.
0,I have had this product for over a month now and love it.  The stainless will discolor, but that is no issue.  It cleans well and  I hope to get many, many years of "rust-free" service from this stainless steel.  The dimensions given on the website were exact; which was important to me because I knew the fit would be tight width-wise, and it was.  The racks were slightly larger than my grill could handle, but by staggering them slightly so that the end tits did not butt up, I gained about 1/2 inch and that made the difference.
0,What an improvement over our gas belching junky mower. It's so light that I can easily cut a slope in our front yard. We bought this because there may come a time that my husband can no longer cut the grass. I told him I would not use the gas mower when that time came, so now we have a green machine.
0,PRODUCT DOES NOT COME WITH ADJUSTABLE POLE! only includes the attachment.
0,good stuff fast shipping
0,These are amazing and I can't wait to use them on my kayak
0,More than enough to rejuvenate a large garden plot. Very pleased with the germination rate of this seed. Heads up when you go to turn the plants into the soil with a tiller. They are strong, and will wrap around the tiller before breaking up. Mow it first.
0,always a solid choice
0,Nice looking grill that goes together easy and the company has great customer service! My biggest complaints with this grill were the damaged parts that arrived when shipped and the fact that it cooks very hot, even on the lowest heat settings. The damaged parts were very quickly and pleasantly replaced by the company, so thats not a huge deal and the higher heat may be something to get used to, but it does make low and slow cooking much more difficult. I have also noticed allot of discoloration on the lid from the heat and we've had to resort to stainless grill cleaning sprays to help. I think all in all we are pleased with this grill and we'd purchase this item again.
0,This is an incredible product.  This has increased my grill's functionality by about 50%  No more skewers for shrimp, vegetables and many other things.  I've sent 3 more sets of these to kids and friends and they are raving about them.  Amazing invention.
0,Excellent product
0,if it fits in the jaws it will cut it  excellent tool
0,Cute birdhouse!
0,Just received this cover the other day, so these are just first impressions. We got years of good use from the cover Weber has since discontinued, but was starting to get cracks and the seems are parting a bit. When we finally found the discontinued one available here at Amazon, it was tempting to buy one, but the price had gone up. When we started looking around, this one from Texas Grill Covers leapt out - lots of good reviews, a highly rated Amazon seller, and a very reasonable price.		The product came quickly and was packaged well enough.		The material of this cover seems to be very similar to the discontinued Weber version - about the same thickness, but not as stiff, it seems. Seems well-constructed.		Putting it on our grill was pretty much like putting on the old one, but maybe a bit easier, because of the slightly more flexible material.		Coverage and fit are very good - the thing is cut generously, and goes just to the tops of the wheels, which is perfect.		We'll see if it holds up as well as the discontinued Weber version, through our harsh winters and punishing summers. But even if it doesn't last quite as long, I'm pleased with the purchase anyway on the basis of cost alone.
0,These are the most wonderful garden gloves ever made. They fit snuggly, without binding like leather gloves. They are soft and comforting to the skin on the hands, like lotion. They protect from dirt and grime and launder beautifully. The greatest!!  Just ordered a third pair. They begin wearing at about 4 years. So I want to be ready
0,It's been 3.5 week and so far so good to keep the raccoons out of my yard. Had all sorts of problems before but have not had one incident since I put this in. Tonight i heard it going off and checked and I saw a damn racoon trying to look for a spot to go. This thing works for me, shot that bastard and he took off. I'm planning on buying another one for the garbage pails. I'm that convinced.		One thing people, be sure to read up on the dangers of racoon s*** so you can disinfect effectively. Especially if you have kids.
0,Ahh. the name says it all! What a "Releaf" I bought these to pick up shredder left-overs - not the office shredder, but it's not a bad idea. I shred branches and twigs and picking up the chips can be a pain. Today I thought - mulch! I got a "Releaf" sized scoop of mulch and knew I just got the best deal! I rinsed them with the hose and hung them up like boxing gloves in the garage. TKO for me!
0,works great1
0,This ha been such a time saver as I don't have to keep moving the pressure washer as often!
0,Sea Klear Natural Clarifier is a great product.  We have been using it for several years in our hot tub.  We occasionally get some cloudy water in our spa, and after I put some of this clarifier in the spa, the water clears up quickly and becomes crystal-clear.  This was a good price on it too, and it came quickly, in 2 days!!!  No more trips to the local spa store to find them closed, or to have to endure a long wait in line.  Buying my spa supplies on Amazon saves me so much time, and usually money too.
0,I ordered the seeds based on how nice these plants looked when we visited Kelly's Island in Ohio.  I plan on sharing the seeds with my son and we will see how nice they will be next year in our planting season.
0,I try to only eat organic and to only put things on my body that don't have harmful chemicals. This includes what I put on my grass and yard and trees. It can be very expensive and frustrating to try to find fungicides, weedicides and similar that fulfill these desires. In fact, I've tried quite a lot of things that were ineffective. Last year, I spent like $30 for a fungicide for my apple trees that was organic. It didn't work at all. I have high hopes for this one.		So far, this one hasn't done much to the spots either but seems to have been effective at keeping the bugs off the leaves. Note that I only get 30 days to review items from Vine so I haven't had a ton of time to see results with fungus and spots, but if I see better results as time goes on I will raise this review (or lower it). But right now, I'm rating this based on the ingredients and my initial testing results with bugs and eaten leaves. It does seem to help with those so far.
0,Does what it was supposed to.
0,high quality seeds. The spinach also tasted good!
0,used it to spread driveway sealer.  battery lasted about 2 hours.  provided a good strong stream.  great value for the money
0,Perfect replacements for my original.  Somehow, my original rubber booties for my ladder came loose, wound up in the skimmer and disappeared thanks to whoever emptied the basket.  These were inexpensive to replace.  They are an important part of any pool ladder especially when you have a vinyl liner, to keep the legs from rubbing and ripping the liner.  Also keeps dirt from entering the pool through the hollow legs.
0,Thank goodness I got this. Now I never wonder if the weed load is too much for my fence.
0,Great deal at a great price....Thanks
0,Great product at a great price.
0,These are so pretty in my courtyard.  The iron grill work adds a touch of fancy and polish to an otherwise boring item.  I'm glad I spent the money on these pretty trolleys.
0,Great color but didn't need so many so must were returned.
0,GOLDEN
0,works well
0,LOVE these things!  (So do my roses :)		They're easy to position.... just great.
0,i did my research before buying this so i already new it was exactly what i wanted. plus i've owned many weber products before (and still). you can't go wrong with weber. if you're thinking about buying one of these please visit the virtual weber bullet website first, there is more than enough information there to help you determine which weber is right for you!		amazons shipping is always on time rarely have i had a problem! i received this package in perfect shape and on time. plus it was dropped off right at my side door. i'm very pleased.		i've used it every weekend sense i received it (as a matter of fact i have a turkey and two briskets on it as i'm writing this), and i can't wait until next weekend to use it again. no matter how cold it gets, it's December and i live in New England!
0,I am happy.
0,So, quick lil PSA, we have a small organic farm and usually these zappers and frowned upon because they kill a lot of the beneficial insects too. You need those beneficials to keep a lot of the bad guys in check. So, installing one of these can actually make your problem worse.		That having been said!! Most of our beneficials here are not attracted to this (ladybugs, bumblebees, etc).		This year our whole area (Northern Nevada) is having a major Army Moth problem. They are here in numbers that multiply any previous year. Is it the drought? Is it the lack of competition for food sources? Army moths eat pollen and nectar. And as of late the US is pretty much zilch on the butterflies and bees. Thanks Monsanto!		The moths themselves are not a threat to plants. But their little caterpillars WILL eat your garden!! Plus, we have honeybees for whom we painstakingly maintain pollen and nectar sources for and these moths are moving in and out competing the honeybees.		Back story in place, check. We have to get the moth numbers down. We started with a much smaller Stinger brand unit and it worked for about a week but was too small and quickly became overfull and less effective. We read more reviews and settled on what we have affectionately named, "The Big One." The grid is much larger, the ZAP sound is very satisfying, and the spaces between the plastic slats to the outer cage are big enough to allow the bigger bugs in -- like moths!		We originally set this under our roof eave near the house. We had power there and it was protected from the elements. But that meant our shinning beacon of bug zap-dom drew all the moths to us. We did have the sense to place a bucket under the zapper to catch the bodies so we could feed them to our chickens. MMMM moth BBQ. It took us a week or so to move the unit to the tree by the chicken coop. We now have basically no moths in and around the garden...and a constant tasty roasted snack supply for the chickens. Woot.		Go for this one. It's worth it.
0,Very well made precision made pleased beyond belief. Somebody got it right
0,The cover is a bit larger than my fire pit but with the Velcro straps you can make it as snug as you want. Best product and I highly recommend this cover...
0,just as described
0,Absolutely awesome. I am a heavy guy (260).this is a secure seat. I find it doesn't roll out from under me (a problem other seats have had). High enough I can stand without problems, low enough to reach the garden plants.
0,solved a distance + strain problem
0,Looks great my reptiles cages seems to be very accurate, like the size and the shape of this one compared to some of the others which are around. I've hadn't three for three months now and it had no problems. I like the future of knowing the high and low temperatures for the last 24 hours or so. Magnetics on the back allow it to be mounted on something metal. I use it on a glass reptile tank with a magnet on the other side of the time to use it in the tank
0,They are definitely worth it. They make things easier to work on mc4 connections.
0,Excellent
0,Bought this for my daughter's wedding in our garden. It looked great and was decorated with lots of flowers, making a perfect backdrop. A terrific product.
0,Really cleaned our pool nicely.. swept everything right into its path!
0,If you have any experience with potted plants, you know that the water needs to drain to keep the roots from rotting. For years we have use pebbles and pieces of broken pots in the bottom of a pot to filter the water so that most of the soil stays in the pot.	This filter does a better job, it weighs less and is reusable from season to season.
0,Works well
0,Dry spray so no need to worry about pilots and flames.  Definitely got in the nook and crannies I saw some dead bugs outside the garage - a victim no doubt.
0,Super item
0,As described, just wears down quickly.
0,Great! Fast shipping.
0,nice BBQ cover. Material and stitching deemed to be of good quality.  Let see how durable this cover will be in the demanding Texas weather.
0,Not sure why this axe was discontinued.  Its a great axe and splits far better than a "normal" axe.  At 4.5 lbs, its a little heavier than a standard axe but not as heavy as a maul.  The weight and the special extra wedging on the sides really make this axe a splitting monster.  My parents heat with wood and have a gasoline operated wood splitter but believe it or not, I prefer to split all of their wood by hand for the exercise.  So I split probably ten cord of wood every spring/summer.  Before I got this axe I was using my fathers standard axe and maul combination.  Having this axe removes the need for the maul at all.  This thing splits pieces that I use to have to use the standard axe, a couple of wedges AND the mall to split before.  The standard axe that I have also has a fiberglass handle but the one on this axe is beefier because of the extra weight of the head I would guess.  There is a rubber collar around the handle, just under the head of the axe but it doesn't last long under realistic splitting conditions.  You'd be better off getting one of those heavier duty ones that you buy separately if you are really concerned about that area getting lots of damage.  The black parts of the axe handle are a very grippy rubber coating which makes the handle very easy to keep a hold of.  It really is a nice splitting axe.  Highly recommend.
0,The product works alright.  The only draw-back is that aquabot runs a bit slower with this filter as opposed to the orginal it came with.  I believe it is the lack of the little ringed wholes that allow the water to vent thru the original filter at the corners.  This filter does not have them.  Otherwise, it is nice having a backup filter even if it runs a bit slower.
0,Great quality product for the money. I was surprised how well it fit and the good quality of it for the little money.
0,They do the trick for a small spa using a floating dispenser.
0,Great product and price!
0,bought to use as a side table next to the bbq... works great, nice height and no issues putting it together.
0,Nice accy for my big green egg, takes a lot of the hassle out of start up
0,It works really good. The only issue I had was when I put the Partyq into the adaptor the whole thing fell out of the track of the akorn. Thank God I was doing a side by side comparison had my wsm going and I put the other pork shoulder on that but I used the new partyq. Next week I did some chickens I did a little tweeking on the damper of the akorn and everything went fine. I am still learning the akorn and it can get away from you. It's all a learning curve. But this partyq is great.
0,Cute for patio or small pond
0,Very nice.........more cool Suncatchers........
0,Top quality and constructed well. Really clean bubble and a fraction of the price of name brand.
0,great product. spendy but worth it. if you want big results its just a few extra dollars away. good luck
0,I got this grow light bulb for my African violets.  The bulb fits in my goose neck desk lamp perfectly.  I use the grow light for my African violets on non-sunny days.  The bulb doesn't feel hot when on, the light doesn't burn my plants when I leave it up close to the plants.  My violets have been blooming non-stop.
0,As described. Works as expected.
0,seem works fine but not as i expected.  I would complain much given the performance of the product and price.  However, it is durable.
0,This mouse trap may be the "better mousetrap: everyone is looking for. It is easy to set, just finger and thumb is all you need. The bait is in a cup on the trigger, so it is harder for the mouse to snatch and run. I prefer peanut butter with a dash of birdseed. And it snaps with some power and grazing blow might just give the mouse a concussion. It is easy to remove a caught mouse and since it is all plastic and metal, it is easy to clean and sanitize,
0,Fantastic suet feeder.  Hubby was worried that our Pileated Woodpeckers wouldn't like it, but they feed at it every day as do all of the other woodpeckers.  Not squirrel proof, but they sure can't get to the suet as easily as the feeders that aren't enclosed.
0,ET TU RAPTILLICUS??	DON'T LET THIS LITTLE CUTE SNUBBY SAW BLADE  FOOL YOU!  BECAUSE HE'S A REAL DEAL WOOD RIPPER !!!		You know what I'm talking about??!!This Silky Folding Landscape Hand Saw POCKETBOY DELIVERS Custom cuts! Especially; custom tight spaced notches! if you were to strap this POCKETBOY onto your machete knife combo,you KNOW the you are ready to handle most chores in the woods. This SILKY POCKET BOY is very much like a baby RAPTOR who got its new baby teeth!	If you just lightly touch these SILKY POCKETBOY  teeth---- YOU WILL BE SAYING OMG!!!	Which gets me to my point of --- i just had to buy TWO of them!!  Although I do OWN  The BACHO LAPLANDER; I just can't resist the SILKY SAWS-- ESPECIALLY THE SILKY MINI POCKETBOY AND ASSOCIATED SAW BLADES.	Before  you decide to buy a SILKY SAW--- LOOK AT THE TEETH ON THE BACHO LAPLANDER-then Look at the SILKY WIDE VARIETY OF SAWS and iINTERCHANGEABLE BLADES  They are almost custom fitted to your needs!  FINE AND MEDIUM  TEETH can be useful for shelter building and LARGE TEETH BLADES  CAN BE  for FIRE wood processing I	At roughly well under $30.00 on Amazon you can buy a SILKY POCKETBOY That is small enough to fit into your cargo pants POCKET and can cut up to 4"logs	NOTE: THE MAIN DIFFERENCES BETWEEN THE BACHO LAPLANDER AND THE SILKY POCKETBOY IS:	THE BACHO LAPLANDER WORKS ON THE "PUSH " STROKE.	REPLACE SAW	THE SILKY WORKS ON THE "PULL" STROKE	BUY NEW BLADE		BUY A SILKY POCKET BOY-130 MODEL  ON AMAZON .	ITS GOT PLENTY OF TEETH THAT ONLY A MOTHER COULD LOVE AND A LOG WILL RUN FOR THE HILLS!!		SINCERELY;	TONY TIRADO
0,wicked fast shipping. nice hard plastic. bargain for the money.
0,Really works well, the plants really pick up a few days after feeding them.
0,very nice
0,These cushions are THE best bargain I have seen...and I have done a LOT of research in local stores and online to find cushions.  We have SEVERAL benches and chairs on our 10 acres, and I will be purchasing these every month over the winter to be ready for Spring!  I would suggest spraying these to make them waterproof since they would need to be brought out of the rain as-is. I bought two of these and will be buying the chair cushions a pair at a time over winter. You cannot beat the price, and the colors would go well with rust, green, tan, brown....They are very lofty and comfortable and look "rich".
0,clean, beautiful seeds. well packed and right on time. just one request:  please lay off of those sticky green enclosures. can't reuse the bag after cutting into them. i know it saves you cash, but we like to save plastic.
0,Great replacement product.
0,well made, does not drip or leak
0,Works great and accurate.
0,I love the Great Blue atop my new carport/pavilion.  It adds beauty and wind direction and looks very much like the big water birds that grace Louisiana lakes.
0,This flag is well made, and has bright colors.		The colors are holding up well in our Arizona sun.		The grommets are sturdy, as is the stitching.  I see no reason to pay more for a 3x5 flag.
0,really nice
0,Very good product
0,Very beautiful flag can't wait to put it out in March.
0,Great, but I should have bought two for full coverage
0,We both travel so we were pretty excited by the idea of being able to manage our watering cycles remotely.  We had no clue how much we would LOVE the User Interface (no instructions or help screen needed) and LOVE that it monitors the weather and automatically adjusts how much water is applied. Here in the Pacific NW, rain is often but random amounts so it is nice that the Rain Machine calculates shorter watering cycles when there is even a fraction of an inch of rain.  We can still kick off a manual cycle if we are expecting a super hot day (not sure if RM will handle automatically  - we shall see)		If you invest heavily in keeping your lawn watered, this is a MUST HAVE
0,Gone through a couple tanks of gas with this hose mostly working from a ladder, very pleased.		Based on a review comment, first thing I did was hook the hose to the pump, then walk 50-feet uncoiling the hose. Doing this resulted in a straight kink-less hose with no problems.
0,Returned, it was my fault. I did order the wrong product instead I bought Toro vacuum/ blower.
0,Pumps easy, sprays nicely, and is the smallest I could find.  We use it to mist our toad's terrarium.  The way the spout can be moved up/down is fantastic.
0,good quality
0,very nice , I will grow again
0,I grow these in 1qt sprouting jars. Use 2 level tbsp. per jar, soak overnight, then rinse twice daily. Tilt jars on a Tupperware tray so they are allowed to drain. After 3-4 days, rinse them in a large bowl and allow seed hulls to float off. Store in fridge. Before use, I microwave the sprouts for 40 seconds to maximize sulforaphane yield, then into the blender with some ice water.
0,installed this unit and it works 100% better than the one that came with the pool, great purchase.
0,Well made. Drips just a little. Gets stuck once in a while. Not bad over all
0,Of course the horsepower .. or the amps ... changed a bit from year to year, but this is my fourth B&D electric mower .. and, with this one ... happy as always. I suppose the battery-powered one might be handier ... but, I've never had a problem with the trailing power one ... just learn how to use it ... you will be happier not having a big can of hazardous gasoline in your garage/home
0,Works wonders
0,Heavy duty and nicely goes through turf with a one inch frost like butter. Extended detecting by a month! Love it.
0,Very easy to set.  Even catches toads.  Poor little toad.
0,This cover is great!! I wasn't sure if it would fit our oversized double sofa because it is 62" wide, but this cover fits perfectly! We got a cover for every piece of our patio set (Hampton Bay from Home depot) and it all fits great! Great quality, thick and completely waterproof!
0,It is the best quality nozzle I have ever owned.  I fits very comfortably in your hand.
0,Great value for price.
0,After reading some of the reviews, all I can figure is that some people have 10 thumbs. These chairs were so easy to put together I couldn't believe it was the same chair I'd seen reviewed. No, they're not made of mahogany or teak or oak--it's a soft cedar-type wood and it's not going to take a beating, but for the price they're extremely nice. I bought two of them and the left hand arm support on both of them had a chunk gouged out of the center--I'm thinking a machine problem--which was easily fixed with an orbital sander (much easier than fooling with getting a replacement). That was the only problem I saw in them.  In fact, I'm buying two more today before the price goes up or they quit making them. After a little weathering, these are going to get some primer and a few coats of a good outdoor enamel and they should do very well for normal sized people. What I intend to do is use the pattern to make a copy of one of these out of pressure-treated pine--but a little bit wider for me!!
0,This wheelbarrow may be small but handles very easy and you have complete control of whatever you are moving.  I love the three in one function as a dolly, carry big rocks, and handles the loads very smoothly .  Yes I recommend this to everybody Even great for the women to handle this wheelbarrow.
0,No reatailer that I know carries these Rainbird extensions. As my vegaetation grows, I needed to extend the spary heads. These extensions did the job. I only wish they made them in 24" and 48" extensions instead of only the 12" extensions.
0,This hose is amasing for the value and looks great. Will definitely buy again.
0,Used to monitor flea control progress only.....not as a flea prevention.  work nicely & do catch adult fleas.....regardless of how it's being used one more dead flea is a good thing!
0,Bought this for my daughter who has 3 cats. She should have fun with this. Her cats are a riot anyway.
0,all though the instructions are in chinese, i figured out how to use this trap... all i can say is...it works. very sensitive trigger... very basic...  but it works...
0,Love the rare and unusual plants! Will buy more plants in the future!
0,Goes together simply enough. Assembled in my sitting room and carried outside to the garden.<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Lifetime-60058-Compost-Tumbler-Black-80-Gallon/dp/B0030GG2FS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Lifetime 60058 Compost Tumbler, Black, 80-Gallon</a>
0,Our garden is large: it generates a LOT of weeds.  I'm using three composters to keep up.  Years ago, I had a composter that required shovelling out the developing material from the bottom, and putting it back on top.  HARD WORK.  My next composter is a cylinder on a metal frame.  It tumbles nicely, but takes much longer to finish compost than the Ecomposters.  I liked my first Ecomposter so much that I bought a second one.  It IS tedious to assemble, but then I always enjoyed my Erector Set..... The composter gets quite warm to the touch.  I'll post an edit later about whether it inactivates any stray weed seeds.  I don't put in obvious weed seeds, but they do lurk about.  After using the composters for a few months, I can vouch for how hard it can be to turn the sphere IF YOU OVERLOAD IT.  The manual says only half full, and it makes all the difference.  (It also says that you shouldn't turn or lift the sphere by the handles on the larger lids.) I use the holes where the air tubes pierce the sphere to help me turn the sphere.	One thing that can be a negative: when it rains hard, the composters take on too much water.  The "compost tea" then leaks out on the ground, taking nutrients with it.  I put a plastic garden trug under each composter to catch the "tea" (my composters sit up on the "spider legs" stands).  You don't need to pop out the rubber plug in the small lid: the tea just leaks out between panels.  (Replacing the rubber plug was nasty.) And I bought tarps to lash over the spheres if we're going to have days of heavy rain.	One reviewer said that he couldn't get a compost turner gadget into the sphere to turn the compost.  If it isn't overloaded, you get good mixing by rotating the sphere.  No device needed.  The air tubes DO get in the way when you're unloading a batch, but not terribly.  The air tubes also serve to break up the compost, which helps with aeration.  They must also contribute to the interesting appearance of the compost: it clumps into balls as it matures.  Looks like a large horse visited....
0,Worked great. Would use AGAIN.
0,cute
0,looks good
0,I have two of these...they work great.
0,worked like a charm. i even ordered some spares for the future. great price plus you don't need every number, mark, and your mothers maiden name to order a mower part that's pretty much interchangeable on every mower i've worked on.
0,great price
0,Very nice
0,It looks like it will be fine.  It is generous in size.  I am holding back one star because the color is not as advertised.  It is closer to tan than grey and the contrast between the top and the bottom is not noticeable.  Contrast is not a big deal but I really wanted it to be grey.		Update, this is Jan of 17 and it this is in pieces.  Completely rotted away.  I would have hoped that when it says it can withstand the elements, they should say for a year, Maybe!
0,awsome buy!!!
0,really like it
0,Great fit for my Jack Post Hi-Back Glider with end tables!
0,Yes, I admit I bought 2 cheaper ones from a large discount chain. Yes, they did work after relighting them about 4 times. I bought the Webber chimney starter and it worked great the first time. No more stuffing other pieces of paper under the starter. I had great coals in about 25 minutes. Now, I am trying to modify the cheap ones to work as well.
0,bought a full spool! Works great and last longer than other brands of line I have tried. My son uses it far more than me cleaning around rural pond edges and he likes it's toughness as well. The best we have tried and not the most expensive either.
0,seems like the whole lot germinated
0,Need to make a mount for it to be at the correct angle.  Too bad it did not come with some kind of stand for it or one built onto it.
0,happy with item.
0,great out door tool. and great for your back
0,Perfect fit for my Weber Spirit S320 purchased at the Home Depot.
0,My achy knees sure do appreciate this pad.  I just couldn't find anything comparable locally and wasn't impressed with the low rated reviews for strap-on knee pads.  This one is longer than most (about 20) and thick (about 2).  It is impossible to take the cover off (spot clean only) but feels like there are two pieces of memory foam surrounding a stiffer pad in the middle.  Stitching on both side seams and handle is very good.		Ive just started having problems with my knees, but this pad is helping me ease into the transition of living with osteoarthritis.  Its handy for any household chore that requires kneeling and a real godsend when used outdoors on rougher garden terrain.
0,Great gap filler easy to use and works well fast shipping and great price would order agian and recommend
0,Everything as expected, goog condition and packet. Very pleased.
0,Obviously it is not squirrel proof - but still works great.  The top lifts up easily to fill as opposed to some that are more troublesome to fill.  The birds do hang out in it and on it - so that part is especially cool to watch.  Only con is when you load it with the small black sunflower seeds, you will lose a few as they will fly out the sides etc - but will catch more than it loses, so no biggie.  I would recommend it to anyone.
0,They use canna boost as the one they compare theirs too....reasoning why is simple canna makes the best boost on the planet. Humboldt secret has found its way into my garden....does many wonderful things you can notice fairly fast? Indoors or out I've had stronger greener and bigger flowers....cost wise still not as good of a boost as canna but I don't use it for a boost. I use it with every feeding and love it's results
0,I can did it!
0,If you have a small problem with bugs, then these glue traps might help.  They certainly are not for a major problem.  But they are quite affordable, so worth the cost to give them a try.  Simple to put together.  Works not only for cockroaches, but other bugs as well.  I actually smeared just a big of peanut butter right in the center to add a bit of extra scent, and I think it helped.  If you're not getting the results you're looking for, then you might give it a try.
0,worked perfuct
0,This sail is a lovely addition to our patio! Our roof is clear, so the sun can make it uncomfortably hot without this well made shade sail. It adds earthy color and texture, creating a nice atmosphere in the seating area. We even strung twinkly lights in a zig zag pattern across the sail for evening faux star shine. It's been a heck-of-a-hot summer and no sign of fading. Will fold it up at the end of the season and look forward to hanging it again next year. This is an excellent product.
0,I purchased mine on June 7th 2018 used it cooking hamburgers and hotdogs so far I really like this in an RV and his terrific also purchase the cart and now I'm trying to look for the cover one of the reasons I purchased this is because I'm tired of running out of gas Weatherby one of the small bottles or one of the regular size bottles then you have to go and get gas bottles charcoal is a nasty mess going to be grilling ribs today highly recommended
0,Great item and price
0,very satisfied with this purchase. It was just the size I needed for a large pot. Most of the items I had to pick from were too large to use for what I needed
0,perfect
0,looks good
0,works great!  good price.
0,Great chips that work well in my Masterbuilt electric smoker.
0,Very thin which is perfect for me because I am using my paper puncher to make holes in them so I can either tie them to things or put them on think stakes.  For pushing into soil they may not be the best.
0,Good idea but the straps break too easy. Several of the grommets came out of the cover. Good idea but really needs re-engineering.
0,as described
0,I love this item!  Couldnt ask for anything better.  works great all the time.  This is my second reel.  I use both for work and never have any issues.  I do wish it came with the premium connections but the plastic ones work just fine (minor leaks when the plastic threads get worn down) and the replacements can be a bit pricey if they break or you loose them.		Overall.  super satisfied.  wish they sold these at home depot because it took 2 months for me to get it delivered
0,it's been protecting my burner in the back yard for the past year... winter is over and now that springtime is here, i'm ready to start cooking outdoors.
0,The part fit as well it should, it's a part.
0,point and shoot - dead!
0,After using these I would not buy any other type of gas can
0,They work well keeping the hose guided away from your plants .  They look nice too.
0,This is a great machete with an amazing design to cut though anything thick. I was on the farm cutting through 2'' saplings with no issue. The tip is a lot strong than I would have ever given it credit for and is surprisingly well balanced for swinging.		The only reason I gave it four stars is because the handle while ok is not designed for long term work without gloves. I have the blisters to prove it.
0,Great product. We use these in the garage to control the spider, field mouse and skink population. Imagine our surprise when we caught a 3 foot long snake!! Eek.
0,So far so good. Did couple of testruns and last summer I had a poweroutage for 4 hours and the machine started up just fine and run flawless.	The only thing is that I do not believe it gives 8kw cause besides running few lightbulbs and freezer and fridge I had to turn of the waterheater cause it sounded if the generator had trouble with it.	Anyhow.... it works for me and lets hope it stays doing it :)	4 star for the noise. Its damn loud.
0,Great product.  Hope I only need it this one time.  So far so good.  Thanks for the real speedy service.
0,Nice item fits my Q 1200 just fine.
0,nice product
0,Some of these were too small but other wise the work as advertised.
0,Really happy with the quality of this flag. The colors are bright. Well made. Easy package to open. Will buying more of these little beauties.
0,My cat feasted on the first plant and it disappeared.  The later larger plants that grew he is continuing to enjoy.
0,wife loves it!
0,Perfect.
0,I have used this twice for different ant invasions and it works!	----------------------------------------------------------------		I like the liquid so I can get into problem areas.		CASE 1)	PROBLEM: inside ants ants ants in the house:	These ants were average size and they had no distinct path so this was my method for EZ cleanup after baiting:		Lay down a sheet of vinyl shelf line paper and put a dot the size of a quarter.	REMEMBER - you have to refresh the dot/puddle every twice a day because this does dry and becomes very hard, then the ants can't eat it, so refresh it by pouring a new dot on the old dot.		CASE2)	PROBLEM: outside ants invading a saucer of cat food. The catfood attracted millions of tiny ants and they had distinct trails.		Since the ants were all over the saucer of kibble cat food, I slowly  dripped TERRO on the dish (not to disturb them) and I put a dot or two in the trail.		Now remember this stuff dries hard/clear but requires a warm cloth with water and dawn to get the dried TERRO off tile or the patio --- so using a piece of stick on shelf paper really is the quick and EZ answer because you bait, wait a day or so (re~baiting dry dots as needed, about every 12 hours) then you can roll up the shelf paper and toss in the trash.		~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~		TIP OF THE DAY: FOOD-GRADE diatomaceous earth can be purchased on AMAZON or is available at the feed store	(never use the stuff they use in pools that is BAD. When purchasing check label to insure it is FOOD GRADE (link provided below if you are uncertain)	NOTE: IT MUST BE food-grade. Sprinkle over dry kibble and shake, the coating prevents ants from getting into dry kibble. Here is an amazon link for this product		DE FOOD GRADE&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/CELATOM-FOOD-GRADE-DIATOMACEOUS-EARTH-Fresh-Water-Mined-in-the-USA-10lb/dp/B009I1GRFY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">CELATOM FOOD GRADE DIATOMACEOUS EARTH - Fresh Water - Mined in the USA 10lb</a>		More about F00D grade DE: Diatomaceous Earth (often referred to as "DE") is an off white talc-like powder that is the fossilized remains of marine phytoplankton. When sprinkled on a bug that has an exoskeleton (such as bed bugs, ants or fleas) it compromises their waxy coating so that their innards turn into teeny tiny bug jerky. But it doesn't hurt mammals. We can eat it. We do eat it! It's in lots of grain based foods because lots of grains are stored with diatomaceous earth to keep the bugs from eating the grain!		GOOGLE TERM for FAQ page: "food grade diet food grade diatomaceous insects"
0,Tough and rugged. Made to last.
0,They work!
0,On a recent motel stay we discovered our bed was infested with bed bugs.  Ughhhh!  This is a well known chain & they handled it well.  That didn't take away the fear of it recurring the next time we traveled.  Nor were we 100% sure we didn't bring some of the frightful creatures home with us.  Soooooo...... Knee jerk reaction...... We ordered a multi- year supply of some powder that kills bed bugs.  We purchased these coasters to put under the bed feet & the bed bug powder goes into the coaster.  Fortunately, none of the little buggers came home with us.  To date, we have not had the misfortune to sleep with bed bugs again.  At least we have our coasters & powder waiting for them to appear!
0,Just like all Intek pools it's a great value.
0,nice hangars.. very easy to use, and work great
0,My package arrived with almost all of the bugs alive and well, even with economy shipping. I am not sure if they are "adults", as they are only between 4-5mm long. The container has food inside, but I don't know how long these ladybugs can last without water.		Little ladybugs love crawling around, so as soon as the cover is taken off, they are all over the edge. This at first presents a difficulty when I try to put the cover back on, but I eventually figure out that I should tap the side continuously so that most of the bugs fall back inside while a few escapees drop onto the target plant.		The count may or may not be accurate. My best guess is about 1000, enough for most home gardens. Mine has periodical infestations of spider mites, and I don't want to use pesticides. I hope these ladybugs will help.
0,Fits our  30" Fire Pit cooking Grill FireBowl Outdoor Patio Fireplace Garden Stove Firepit perfectly, even around the ring.  I feel like this will help it keep from rusting // last longer.  Product is well made...no loose strings...nice fabric, etc.
0,OE bag that works well at collecting leaves and sand/silt. The Velcro closure is much better the zipper style. Capacity is a little small and they do eventually tear.
0,Good deal.
0,easy to use wire for smaller jobs of having a fence to keep pests from garden areas. highly recommend for use
0,It's was a nice project for me and my granddaughter. She had fun and so did I.  Project came out very well. Nice personal gift.
0,Works great if, you put in the correct tablets.
0,if you love veggies then start planting them and stop wasting your money on greedy supermarkets show your kids where veggies come from		will update once my garden is finished
0,This simple hose-end attachment can help to wash away dirt and debris on sidewalks, driveways and other areas where a forceful stream of water would help to loosen and wash away debris. With an-off valve in front of it, you can control the stream force as you wish. I use this where I don't need the blasting force o a pressure washer. The brass will weather but doesn't affect its usefulness.
0,Cheap and works amazing, nothing else needed. GH is my go to brand.
0,Cute butterflies.  Don't know how long they will last but I am using them on a covered porch so hoping for a few seasons.
0,Stable sidewalls and complaint tread gives excellent traction without tearing up the yard. Installed with matching, larger rear tires improved overall load ratings when pulling implements, mounting the snow blower or pulling a trailer.
0,I have had this hose for a year now and I love it. It is so light and a pleasure to use compared to typical heavy hoses. It does have a coiling memory but  it you stretch it out for a few days each spring, it becomes manageable again. Water pressure drops a bit, I would not use it with a sprinkler head, the main benefit is hand watering and not lugging a hug weight around with you.
0,works great
0,Fits well and holds up to the elements.  Saves a lot of deterioration on my electric tongue jack.  So there.
0,These arrived as dehydrated, about 18 inch stems with roots. They were very well packaged. I planted them the next day in five gallon containers. Within about ten days, leafing was observed. Now the stalks are happily full of leaves three weeks later! Very happy with my purchase and look forward to seeing them in bloom. I plan to leave them in the containers until I decide where to transplant them. Of course, during a time when the ground is cool enough.
0,works very well.
0,Great product and quality, great price, prompt delivery, Exactly as described.  I highly recommend this vendor.  Fly it high!
0,Easy to setup and cooks great. ...really convenient
0,I read the reviews on this reel before purchase, especially the negative ones. The design and quality of this reel is very good, best and easiest one I've purchased (and I've bought several). Ours is mounted on a garage wall near the pressure tank and is used regularly to wash cars in the driveway and for watering plants. Unlike the cart type (and this is available in that version too), you don't have to put your foot on it to try and hold it steady to wind up the hose, or lean over in an uncomfortable position either (assuming you mount it at a convenient height).		The design, with well tapered reel end flanges, allows the hose to spool up nicely with minimal guidance from your free hand. There is an included stainless steel spring that does not show on the part list. This goes inside the feed hose end to keep that hose from kinking where the hose loops to attach to the swivel. There is a hold down strap that holds the hose in position on the drum so that no tension is exerted on the aforementioned loop, even with all the hose spooled out. When rolling hose back in, operation is butter smooth. Nice!
0,Easy to assemble, started right up, fast propellsion, not too loud, very manuverable, priced reasonably. It mulches fine and bags well too. Self priming one pull start. Good for small to medium areas because of it's 20" width but mower hauls! If it lasts..and it should, Highly recommended, I would buy my dad one if he needed a mower.:-}
0,So far so good I give five stars
0,Works as expected.  Enough room between connections to accommodate hoses or timers and hoses.
0,Perfect
0,Much better than I could find near by,  Birds do seem to find it useful as I have had to refill the basket once already,,  I like the mix of more natural mixture of materials.
0,Looks and works great, there is some fairly simple assembly needed.
0,good
0,Put these in a kitchen pantry that doesn't have light.  Love the motion sensor.  They provide plenty of light to see what is on each shelf.  Much easier than trying to hard wire a light.
0,Great product. Got it as a gift for my mom for mothers day. She loves it and hooks it up to her little John Deere mower for gardening projects.
0,This is a very heavy sturdy door mat!	It will brighten any entrance with it's yellow color and sun rays.	Bold black wording.	The only problem I have is that my cats absolutely love it as a scratching mat. They can sink their claws in and  scratch away!	It has stood up very well to their claws!
0,Works perfectly.
0,Well, the hummingbirds love it.  Easy to clean and keep filled.
0,Good cover, it does the job. I use this under a patio cover so it won't really be exposed to the elements. I can say that an older version I bought for the kettle grill a couple years ago was made better. You can feel it in the material and weight.
0,I used this to hold my soaker hose in place before laying mulch over it. Works great. This will not work in stony or hard soil since they will bend easily.
0,These work very well but I don't understand why they cost so much. All these are is paper with glue on them. Unfortunately you can't find them cheaper anywhere else either.
0,good product
0,I really hate weeds unless they're the good kind I can eat as greens. I want them OUT. I found out about this amazing tool for weeding from an agricultural site's tutorial videos. I had never heard of it before. So I searched and low and behold, here it is, available on amazon.com!!! It does exactly what it's promotional literature says it does ... it hoe's forward or backward depending on the angle. I bought the mini-ho first to see if the theory of the idea worked. Since it does, I also bought the very long handled version of it as well. I'm a dancer with long legs and short waist so I need LOOONG tools.  Also, as a dancer, one of the dancers I do is classic hula, so for me, of course, I'm hearing classic hula music in my head while I'm ho-ing.  Who'd have thought weeding could ever be FUN?  Not me!
0,wonderful product... more than expected
0,as previous users say, if you are serious about your garden you need to step up the game with SolisTek lighting.	Super bright output and i have experienced greater yields and higher quality with the ballast paired with the lamps.  This is a great lighting system and hands down its one of the best i have used.		excellent output. very quiet.  Great customer service.
0,For the price, this grill cover has significantly exceeded my expectations.  Ties in place;  no chance of blowing off.
0,those candle work for me 100%
0,Great
0,First of all, this feeder is very simple to use, and very easy to hang. It's easy to clean and easy to refill. The beauty is in the simplicity. Also, the flat design makes it easy to see birds that are on the far side of the feeder if you are looking from the near side. I hung this feeder on the side of our house in the evening after work, and I noticed hummingbirds the very next morning. I knew our yard had hummingbirds already, but this feeder attracted the birds quicker than other feeders. Great product.
0,I read all the reviews before I bit the bullet and bought this pressure washer.  The few comments about being hard to put together or leaking at the hose connection never came to fruition for me.  I am girl and I put the thing together with no problem.  I pressure washed my entire deck and siding on the house.  Very happy with the results.		The soap dispenser?  Didn't really see the point.  What soap would I be putting down that would be better than the pressure washer itself?  I did try Simple Green.  Worked a small area with it to see a difference.  None detected.  Opted to go with straight water for the rest of the job.
0,I repotted several orchids in these and the plants are thriving. I wanted pots that increased the airflow over solid plastic pots and these fit the bill.
0,Perfect fit.
0,A bit shorter than I thought, but was a good height for the little guys
0,Nice product. No problems. As described. good value.
0,good
0,Fine little mat, using it in the entry from the garage.
0,The Weber 12 inch-3 sided grill brush works great for cleaning off the grill.  I would recommend everyone buy one to clean off their grill.  R.H.
0,Bought this washer for my ranch house in AZ. I have 5000 gal of water storage tanks so water must be used wisely. The washer puts out 1.75 pm as opposed to my water hose at 8 gal pm. The Sun Joe is perfect for washing down my decks and Polaris Ranger in the muddy winter months. So far I am please with the pressure on my main house back concrete patio with out soap. I purchased some soap and I will try it out tomorrow to see how well it does. The only thing so far I see is the hose connection is a little flimsy so I ordered the brass one. For a home use washer it is perfect. I will update this review after I put it through its paces.	Update	I added a quick connect that I had and it fits and works perfectly. No leaks. I am sending back the Sun Joe I ordered.  I bought some detergent and followed the instructions. Not much belter than without it. I used a scrub brush then rinsed it off with the wide spray nozzle. So far I am please with the sprayer.
0,We have several Schrodt feeders.  This model is one of our favorites. The bright blue, faceted glass really "pops" in the morning and afternoon light, which is a bonus for us humans and a bright beacon that attracts hummers from a distance in the early morning and evening, coming off of or going to roost. This model holds enough sugar water for probably a week if you fill it.  We do not, as we refill often, and use only a cup at a time, otherwise we would be pouring out a lot of the left-over nectar. I have never seen a Schrodt feeder leak in high winds, I think because the top of the base presses down firmly against the bottom as you screw in the glass top. Disassembly for cleaning and filling is easy, and so is reassembly. The top half of the base is copper, not some coated metal that will rust over time. The copper has four flower-shaped designs cut into it for feeding so you don't have to worry about raised, attached "flowers" breaking or falling off.  In our experience it takes a bit for the birds to learn to drink from this design, but they do, and because the slots can't clog like some of the narrow-throated "flowers", they don't require any effort to clean when refilling. The birds also like the ability to perch on the edge of the feeder while drinking, or just resting while guarding their food source. The bottom is plastic, but is solid and seems to be ozone resistant.  We have had one Schrodt for several years (we take our feeders down during the winter months) and the plastic looks like new.  A quick polish with 4-0 steel wool on the copper brings it back to new if you don't happen to like the aged patina that copper takes on when exposed to the weather...the birds don't seem to care one way or the other.  A bottle brush, available on Amazon, along with a little soapy water, and a paper towel or two is all you will need to clean these feeders. While Schrodt feeders are all pricey, at two to three times the cost of cheaper hummingbird feeders, at least with them you get what you pay for...a great looking feeder that is functional, not too wasteful of nectar, easy to clean and refill, that lasts for years without a lot of annual maintenance, that hummingbirds take to readily.  We recommend these feeders.
0,Love apollo hps and their balist to never had eny problem whit their stuff  low baller gets an A in my book
0,great deal
0,Works great!
0,What a great idea. line trimmers are notorioisly hard to start---not any longer. This has got to be the best invention
0,Great tubing. No leaking.
0,Excellent Price and Product
0,Great
0,Great deal on this compared to local merchants.  Get two times the amount for 3/4 the price of what locals sells.
0,Unbelievable quality for the price.shopped similar covers at 60$. You will not be disappointed
0,My seeds have been planted for nearly 2 weeks! I haven't had any sprouts yet but can definitely say this self watering pot keeps the soil moist! I've only top off the water once in two weeks, so keep in mind this could very based on the weather where you live.		Assembly was easy - simply weave the felt through the slits in the top pot and fill the bottom portion with water.		Attractive design and can go with many home decor. We're more on the rustic country end of decoration and this is a lovely fit for my kitchen herb garden. I will be purchasing more!
0,fit fine !  1/2 price of briggs part!
0,These gloves fit nicely and are comfortable and they close nicely at the wrist to keep out debris.  The one thing that needs improving is how long they last.  The fingers of the gloves developed holes quickly from just light yard work.
0,Fast delivery and they are beautiful!  I got the distressed Kelly blue which are actually close to a deep teal.  After seeing other reviews, I knew they'd be perfect.  I even had enough room at my table for six, so I just ordered 2 more.
0,Good product, works well.
0,Love it
0,Product was as described and as I wanted.
0,Working just fine. No problems.
0,I like it!
0,nice easy to use timer no batteries fits the hand nicely for adjusting
0,Outstanding product! This, combined with the new dispenser, is the easiest way to fertilize an existing flower bed. The results are almost immediate.
0,Growing real well, looks good
0,BEAUTIFUL !!!
0,Awesome! Thank you!
0,I got a pump from this brand before and had it for more than 5 years with absolutely no problems. I probably would have had it for much longer had I not lost it during a move. So, before I got this second one I was actually trying to make things "easier" on my self by getting pre-made filters for my turtles. Once again though, those filters just never worked correctly after a few months and would just die or I would get irritated and replace. So, I decided to get a danner pump again since my first DIY turtle filter with a danner pump NEVER caused me problems for 5+ years.	I have made a new filter for my turtles with this new pump and it has gone great so far. :D
0,I have been a gardener for many years and have used more than several brands of irrigation products. There are less costly products than Rain Bird but I usually buy Rain Bird products simply because their products are consistently good and they do what they say they will do. This particular nozzle is a nice one to keep in stock as it has a good range of adjustment for those not so usual misshapen locations.
0,Good quality product, GOOD price & fast service and serves me as expected!
0,Works great for my porch rocker, keeping it well protector.  Will see how it performs after a winter's usage.
0,Everything promised
0,perfect
0,Purchased these bars to replace 14 year old ones that I got tired of cleaning.  These bars fit my weber genesis C unit perfectly.  Good product.  Happy with my purchase.
0,I am THRILLED with these feeders!!  Although I haven't used them yet because I'm setting up hummingbird and butterfly feeders, I have no doubt hummingbirds will be feeding from them in my hand.  Great product and great service!
0,I love this nutrient for my flowers in the backyard.  It works great on all my tropical flowers through out the year.
0,Nice for initial hose rinsing; but just the flex hose after you finish the drain out.  I get cleaner results in the flex hose by running the rotary spray wand (Camco 40094 Swivel Stik Holding Tank Rinser) that is used for the black water tank.  I use a clear 45 degree connector(Valterra F02-4100 45 Degree Hydroflush With Removable Anti-siphon Valve) to rinse the valve and drain orifice.  The Valterra is great for connect the drain to the hose; you can see when the tank is drained; then you can wash down the tank, the drain and the flex hose.
0,The most fun you can legally have in all 50 states (with the possible exception of California). The Bug-A-Salt rifle. Kills flies and bugs with a shotgun blast of common table salt. The best Father's day present ever!
0,These repel mosquitoes, midges, etc. fairly well, but I'm very susceptible to being bitten, so I still end up with a bite or two if outside in the evening for more than 15-30 minutes.  Still better than using greasy, stinky sprays.  (Note:  I live in a temperate rain forest region, so mosquitoes are rather intense here for around 6 months of the year. I've used many different products over the years and these bracelets work to repel biting insects relatively well.)  I recommend wearing one around each wrist or one on the wrist and one on the ankle if wearing shorts.  Be aware that cats and dogs will avoid you also - they hate the smell of these things.
0,We had to return it because it was too short  - but it was a very well made product
0,arrive as advertized
0,Great help in my vegetable garden!
0,Perfect, save my banana plant that was wasting away.
0,Inexpensive for effective for cleaning our above ground pool.  We are pleased with it.
0,The hose came on time and fit perfectly. I've been using it quite successfully. I'd recommend it if you're needing a power washer replacement hose.
0,I order the extra large and it's beautiful. Took me a little bit putting it together. However once I got it together it seems very sturdy. I bought this for all my pool floats and gadgets.  I able to fit in two mattress floats, one chair float, one medium inner tube,  several balls and a couple boggy boards and two noodles.  I am so very happy with this and would give it 10 stars.
0,What a great product .I do not worry to check if the water is drained from the cover .
0,I love the heavy feel of the system, and if it were stainless steel as opposed to plated, I'd happily give it five stars.  Dear Weber- why does the gas version get stainless and we're stuck with plated?!		The sear grate is fantastic, although with the built in cross hatch, the enamel is quite difficult to clean.  I'd prefer simple parallel grates and a 90 degree turn to the diamond shape.
0,I I have been using Miricle-Gro fertilizer spikes for years. It is about the easiest of my garden chores.  The spikes are hammered into the ground under the root line so that fertilizer is available to the roots.  Having it implanted also means it does not wash away with a heavy rain.  Even with a dozen fruit trees, it only takes me  10-15 minutes/ season!  In terms of garden tasks, that is fast and easy.		For those who are using them for the first time I can offer a couple of tips: Use a rubber mallet.  A regular hammer can break the spike, particularly if you have hard soil and need to exert some force. 2. If you are using these in hard, clay or compacted soil,  place them after it rains or run a hose for a minute or two on the spot where you plan to inset each spike to soften the soil.		There really is not much else I can offer in the way of advice, because they are very simple to use		The spikes are places every 4 feet around the root line, and replaced once/ season.  Use this as a guide when considering how many packs to order.		I am updating my review a month after using these to say that they have made a fantastic difference in the health, growth and productivity of my trees.  My avocado sapling has doubled in size! The mango trtee I planted 18 years ago is no covered with mangoes, and I have picked exactly one in 18 years prior to this.  The other trees I used it on are not in season yet, but given what I am seeing I expect they are benefitting a great deal too.  I am going to see if Amazon has these available on subscription.  They have made a bigger difference than anything I have done yet, to include applying compost several times/ year.
0,Worth the purchase
0,Love the fact that they have a hinged and easy to open sealed protective glass - love the fact that they are vented so you can keep the bulbs cool and a great price will buy them again
0,works as listed
0,Great product.  Would highly recommend!  A great heater!
0,Does anyone else on here use their lawmower like a chipper shredder?  Well I do. My original blade on my Ariens didn't last too long with that kind of abuse.  Clearing out the back woods has been far easier with these new blades.  Not to mention my grass thanks me for not leaving long grass clippings laying everywhere.  Oregon has a great reputation and these blades tell you why.  Make sure when you order you buy extras so you always have a sharp pair handy!
0,No more tangled flags!
0,very satisfied with product and seller
0,Was my first time shopping Amazon's Warehouse & purchasing "used" items.  It came exactly like they said - it's original packaging was slightly damaged but NOTHING ELSE........was tickled pink for such a good price!!!  Just used them today -- no problems!
0,exactly as described.
0,Perfect fit always good.
0,works GREAT
0,it's what I need so it works great
0,This is a good little grill.  Very handy and durable.
0,I installed it 5/16/2015. I love it so far. I'll keep an update.
0,It not only keeps my little dog out of the areas I don't want her in, but it looks great too.
0,These are an excellent product and they look so good.............I used them for a 60' flower garden I put in. I like them so much I am ordering 2 more boxes. They look so awesome at night!
0,I thought Scotts grass and turf builder was great.
0,These side table are small, but sturdy. They provide space for plates and condiments. They also have hooks for hanging utensils. They make using your grill a little more convenient.
0,I purchased this based on what I could see in the picture.  No part numbers to match.  Had to modify it some to make the linkage work.  My old TroyBilt trimmer now works as good as new.  This was a better fit than I would have gotten with the factory replacement and a lot less expensive.
0,It seems working fine with my seedlings. A resealable bag is used, which is quite handy.
0,The only negative response to this item is this. The gear notches are spaced too far apart, more that twice the distance as in others I have purchased. This causes twice as much string to be feed every time the weed wacker is started.
0,Have not had to use the cover yet.  Cannot comment on how that works yet.
0,good construction
0,Arrvd on time & well pkd. Looks great on the patio!  Large enuf for a drink, snack & a potted plant!!!
0,a must for hydroponics
0,These are awesome!  Fastest and easiest way to hang a hammock I've found.  I will be getting another set for each new hammock I get in the future.
0,Love these dirt pots. I've bought a few and am really satisfied with them!
0,The bulbs are huge...  The largest I have ever purchased.
0,Slightly smaller than other garden flags, but very nice colors.
0,Nice glasses, a wrap around design would be better but these are good enough for us.
0,We purchased the Weber Electric grill and the table kit -- We weren't sure how the table kit will work, but it's an awesome addition to the grill.	The table attaches very firmly to the grill and therefore holds plates of food and utensils very nicely. I set them up as uncooked on the left and cooked on the right... =)	A great addition to the Weber Q grills. They fold up when you're done and your grill can be covered by the large grill cover. Cleans up very easily too.
0,as advertized.
0,I have only used the trimmer twice, but I notice that it is lighter weight and therefore easier to use than my over ten year old B&D Trimmer whose motor stopped working.		Of course, Amazon shipped this promptly and the price was the lowest I could find.		It's nice to have the longest length electric trimmer currently available and I look forward to many years of service. It is fully capable of cutting small branches as advertised. The plug in for the electric cord is conveniently placed on a short cord length separate from the trimmer so it is easy to keep the cord out of my way.
0,Great product! Works well. There are no instructions with this but it is basic common sense.	The way I do it to get a 100% (+) fill is to not just invert the tank but I lean it so that the small bottle can belch out gas and receive liquid. (see image)	I find that it takes 48 hours.	I would imaging that this could go faster it you let the sun shine on the large tank.	Maybe you could warm it up more by putting a black plastic bag over the larger tank.
0,It's a good replacement bulb.
0,Easy to assemble, great quality, makes moving the pool robot to the pool a lot easier.		Plenty of storage for electrical cables and power supply box clips onto the caddy, with its own space.		Functional and well designed, this caddy should last for years.		Highly recommended.
0,I've purchased these as gifts & for myself.  A conversation starter & easy to take care of. Got here quickly &  in good shape.
0,Purchased as a backup. Needed sooner than I expected! glad I purchased!
0,Great Product
0,works well
0,I use mine for digging wells.  I use 3/4 black pipe for extensions.  I have dug down 15 feet using the auger in clay and sand.  Nice well made tool.
0,Gorgeous color!! Definitely an added bonus in our living room. This is my go to spot right after work when I just wanna relax and it's already dark out. Thanks for creating a beautiful and comfortable hammock that my family and I will enjoy for years to come.
0,This is a great product.  I have been wanting one for awhile but the prices I had seen were ridiculously high and so when I saw this one at a good price I jumped at the chance.  It is very well made and does a great job of keeping my bacon flat.  I would highly recommend.
0,Works great for my office plants	Update: Plants are growing like crazy...
0,I like the product, but sometimes they break
0,I am super excited for this tant. I have been looking for one for so long to find the perfect one. This is just super nice quality tant and I am going to enjoy it a lot.
0,I have a huge collection of hummingbird feeders because I have a huge amount of hummers here.  By August I'll be feeding a gallon a day.  Even tiny birds have a preference of feeders, and this is the one.  They flock to it and drink it down in a hurry.  I like the glass nectar container because it doesn't discolor like plastic, is safer for the birds, and doesn't seem to go bad as quickly.  (I change it every two to three days regardless in our 90 degree heat).  Glad I can get it on Amazon
0,Delivered quicker than advertised, fit perfectly and I'm happy with the way they work.	Good replacements for original parts.
0,Great solid container, I have used this multiple times. It's easy to clean also
0,these are durable baskets! they hold soil better that expected. they also great for the price because they last forever!
0,great
0,Worked great!
0,I've been wanting this fat fella for months maybe even years now. So glad I went ahead and got it even though I think it's very expensive. It's big and sturdy and hopefully lasts for years and years. If it starts to deteriorate, I'll bring it inside because it's just so darn cute!!!! My husband hates it and thinks it's ugly however.
0,(600 CFM model)  i have not had to deal with a blower until now. one of the first things i found when looking, searching through blowers online was to notice most sellers focus on 'air/wind speed.' problem for newbs like myself was figuring out which would work best and what mattered in the details.		so SPEED as i found is not even close to be the most important factor. rather the most important factor being CFM or how much air comes out the end. an easier way to visualize is to think of a garden hose on full blast as compared to a 12" pipe. even flowing much slower the wider pipe pushing out more air gives you the most bang for your proverbial buck.		so with that in mind i totally ignored all the over-hyped air speeds most put front and center in the product descriptions. most of those omitted any mention of CFM output because if they did nobody would buy them. so instead i looked at output only and having used worx products in the past finally went with this the 600 cfm model. i arrives with but three parts, the cord, a tube extension and the blower unit.		the blower has a nice thumb controlled wheel up front for adjusting output. it can go from super slow barely enough to move anything to full speed with enough air coming out in force to blast 1.25" gravel off the walkway as if it was little more than grass clippings!		on first use i was able to clear the walk of ALL debris, leaves, wood mulch, twigs, landscape gravel. next went down the path where the gravel had gotten into our grass and blasted it out and back where it belongs. absolutely could not be happier with!
0,These are absolutely amazing.	Very accurate and magnetic.	I have own several and highly recommend these.
0,This item is a little thick for hiding a single key, but it does have room for two. There are two hooks behind the cover (upper and lower spots), but if they were not a deep it would have made a slimmer profile and looked more realistic.
0,Great company.  American made products for right minded people.  I have ordered these before and never let down.  A small victory for small businesses everywhere.  I would recommend this product to all.
0,This arrived promptly and is bronze in color.  The page only gives choice of black or white, but I LIKE bronze better.  Well-made quality and easy to install. Would buy again from seller if needed.
0,Fit perfect
0,Haven't used yet but appears to be of good quality.  We also love the extendable feature.
0,I like these covers, the only comment I have is that the ties on the inside of the covers are a bit high for the chairs that I have.  I wish the tie down mechanism/system was more user friendly, but for the price paid, these covers are not bad at all.  They have a quality feel about them and fit over my chairs pretty good.  I wish they were a little bit longer, but like I said, for the price paid, these covers are not bad at all.
0,Good quality.
0,This blower replaced my old 2 cycle blower.  It is much lighter and well padded but the blowing power is just a bit less than my old blower. But it gets the job done just take a bit longer.
0,Good
0,We are in our late 60s so this was a 3 day project for us using a screw gun. We watched the on line video first and then watched it again in segments as we went along to make sure we did it all right. Everything lined up perfectly and we had all the parts and pieces we needed with a few extra. We are both impressed with the quality and even the manual made sense. We are tired of replacing canvas tops and looking forward to seeing how this one holds up in our Columbia Gorge winds. The top has netting to keep mosquito's out and the netting is heavy, not like the cheaper stuff we've had in the past. I'll update my review if anything changes, but for now, we are extremely happy with it.		2017 UPDATE: We are extremely happy with the gazebo. Especially since we have had the most extreme weather this Winter and fearful that the gazebo may not survive. We've had a ton of snow, two ice storms and our weather station clocked 85mph winds. All we did was tie back the netting at each corner and the gazebo is still standing with no effects showing at all. Still solid as a rock on the deck and we couldn't be happier with it. HIGHLY RECOMMEND! we love it.
0,These are nice and sturdy but I wish they did not move around as much. Other than that I love the option of being able to have some type of seat in my hot tub. As far as the pillow are concerned I have not used them yet, but I will update once I put them to use.
0,Great Product Arrived on time.
0,Works well keeps the debris from falling to the bottom
0,Perfect size great Quality 3rd year in a row purchasing.
0,work great
0,a necessary second step getting ready for hydroponics
0,what can you say? Flags, blow in the wind.
0,easy to install, cut power to relay center and two screws - one for each wire. pool temp is now accurate on the display, went from 124 to 92 (texas summer........) by the way its a jandy aqua link control center
0,Christmas gift. My neighbor grows many types of herbs. This was perfect for her to freeze those herbs so she can have fresh all year long. I use this product and love it.
0,It works wonderfully so far. I Have a big yard and I seem to go through trimmers quickly. (Pro) This trimmer is powerful and light-weight, easier for a girl like myself to use. (Con) The bottom piece that covers the string is hard to get off, I have to use a flat head screw driver to pull it up. Otherwise Thumps Up.
0,Did exactly what I needed. A crutch to get through one more grilling season. Though I think they are rusting out faster than the cheap factory ones
0,great stuff
0,Perfect!
0,I had some tree work done in my yard late last year and unfortunately for me and my yard, it rained during the work which damaged some areas of the yard.  I live in an area with red clay soil which is hard, compact and difficult at times to get things to grow.  In addition, I live in a hot southeast climate that in recent years has suffered from drought conditions.  So I got this to patch those damaged areas.  The seed for the most part has worked pretty well.  I use play sand to cover the seed after spreading to help keep them moist and keep them from being eaten by birds or washed away.  I haven't had any issues with weeds in the seed and within a couple weeks the grass started filling in the bare areas, even areas of slight incline.  This grass seems to tolerate hot and drought conditions pretty well.  This works well for patching bare spots in the yard.		4 stars
0,This seed is excellent,  I was really impressed by the germination.  The clover covered my large bare area very well.  The only drawback is that this seed is so tiny that it can clog a hand spreader and come out in a clump so I have a few clumps of closely growing plants.
0,Style , quality , durability...
0,After 20 or more years waging the  me vs. squirrel  war  to keep the little devil off my bird feeders, I hereby declare victory in the final battle.  The adorable but pesky rodents are unable to find their ways around this baffle, and the expensive peanuts and other treats are the birds' alone.  I placed it on a 4 X 4 pole about five feet off the ground and far enough away from trees that the squirrels could not leap upon the feeder.
0,the first one was damaged the second one was fine i enjoy having them both
0,have bought a number of theses over the years . never disappointed
0,Excellent for cleaning grill. Long handle provides a lot of leverage and you won't burn your hand. Perfect. Provided honest feedback for discounted product.
0,I trust Ortho's name on a product.
0,This stuff is great.  It truly extends the life of your flowers and arrangements by days.  Much more economical than the single serve packets.  Highly recommend.
0,the seed is doing well
0,Used this to seal our smoker, does the job.
0,Works well, but not as long as it says it does. after a couple weeks my deer came back to enjoy the sweet potato leaves.
0,I have 2 of these and a couple of other Brome feeders.  I bought them in 2010. They are without a doubt the best feeders you can buy. All types of birds easily access them and the squirrels are shut out.
0,The only small thing Id like to mention is that I recived mine in a clear bag. Short of that,its perfect. OMRI certified organic and its easy as gheck to use and its a solid solid but. Esp. if your gowing TLO.As an additive its excellent. 5 stars across the board.
0,Easy installation and great pricing made this a no brainer! Got 2 of these along with the auto changeover valve at the same time to connect 2 40lb propane tanks to our motor home. Works great!!
0,Another great price on a ten pack of primer bulbs used on many Homelite, Echo, Stihl, and Ryobi trimmers, chainsaws and blowers. The part number on the package is 0057004, 0057003,and 0058001.
0,Very happy. Works great.
0,Thank you!
0,Works well and has held up great in a high traffic part of our office. Nice thickness.
0,Perfect for transplanting.
0,no more wires what a blessing
0,this is a beautiful healthy plant.
0,I live in southern AZ, where temps get to 110 or more, and that's in the shade! Every season, I mix soil for garden veggies that includes equal amounts of -  a premium brand (not found at big box stores) potting soil, premium brand soil conditioner (contains bat guano and worm castings) and coco coir for its moisture retention properties. I grow veggies in a raised bed and also in many various containers, and coco coir helps retain moisture so that I can use a bit less water through the hot and dry summer days. Saves me some money on my water bill for sure. I recommend this product!
0,This made a great gift!
0,WORKS OK
0,Great!
0,Smart pots are greatest pots on the market. Just beware of the medium you use  in it. If you use thick compost or tree and shrub soil. It is almost impossible to dry it out. If you use potting soil your good to go. If your planting a tree Id recommend mixing light and medium soils. Also the handles make moving it around actually possible. They get very heavy.
0,Whorrra...wheeepa
0,I've had this compost shredder on my Amazon wish list for quite a while and received it for my birthday this October, 2014.  I am disappointed in the unit pretty much all the way around. It would be a nice appliance at $29.99 but at $99.+, it falls short. Yes, it will shred lettuce and banana peels but add in a few too old bell peppers and Squash and ....forget it. I thought I was going to break the handle and the produce did not feed easily into the shredder. Produce just sits in the back and doesn't feed through. I have to reach in and pull it out or try to push it on through with some kind of utensil! I would never tell my sister I don't like this machine but would be returning it had I purchased it myself.		2 months later: Well, I decided to use the danged thing, at least until it broke. It hasn't broken and I learned not to put as much in it all at once. It is still difficult to put bulky  items in and I have to chop stuff into smaller pieces. I empty the bin every couple of days, pop the chopper in a little bucket of warm soapy water to soak, & give it a spray out with the hose sprayer when I go back through the kitchen. So why am I amending my review? ..... Because of the compost!!! 3 weeks after filling my compost tumbler with a load of leaves raked out of the flower bed and adding my kitchen scraps every couple of days and I have the most beautiful black, rich, compost. And in the winter! AMAZING!  Faster than in the summer previously.  I mean, isn't that the point?!!
0,very good product right fit,right price!!!!!!!!!!
0,Used this sprinkler the day it arrived.  No leaks and very efficient when used upside down as a soaker hose. I guess you get what you pay for, compared to the cheaper sprinkler hoses.
0,Works very well.  Two speeds are a plus and light in weight.
0,Good product, delivered quickly, good price. Cleaned the sand from my pool. It took several cycles, because there was a lot of sand. But it worked. Was very easy to get in and out of the pool and was easy to clean the filters.
0,Works for me.
0,Don't even try to build a horse wire fence without it!!  We saw it on the internet and thouht we would give it a try.  Again, it's definately a great tool!!!
0,It does what it says it does so I don't have to repeat it all. I like the fact that it doesn't have to have the bright lighting on all the time on the base station and I can just tap the button on top to turn it on or off. It picks up the signal well even though I have a stone house. I think it reads it through my sliding glass door. You don't have to plug it in, but I did. In the heat of the day when the sun is high, it does seem to read about 5 degrees hotter in the summer season but when the sun drops it is more accurate. I can live with that. It reads the humidity and wind well. I had 2 rains with it now and it seems right. The ticker is a waste for if you set it to fast you can't read it and slow is too slow. Not needed anyway, just a gimmick.		I had some one pour a little concrete base with a 5.5 foot green gas pipe imbedded in it making sure it was perfectly vertical in all directions. It slid into the station without the need for the adapter which was meant for a 2x4 board or fence. Pointed it south and screwed it to keep from moving out of south. The solar panel is not for charging the batteries in the outside station, but to run a fan inside to keep it from heating up.	 Worth the money.
0,Sharp and works really well.
0,Pefect size .... love using it on my patio .
0,Super! Better than I expected! Highly recommend!
0,Very pleased with this holder. Very sturdy.
0,hope they are this pretty
0,works fine and not too big
0,Totally impressed. This was purchased for my teen son who is in the process of getting his pilots license to fly hot air balloons. Everything you need to know in a simple display! Accurate and nice size display!  Easy 1-2-3 assembly of the unit. We have it up on a pic pipe off the deck for now.
0,I've been super happy with this.  We're about a year in and it's still working very well.  Highly recommended.
0,Have used this to cook about 10 meals so far and LOVE it.  The grill is top notch quality.  Very sturdy, heavy cast iron grate, solid build.  Fires up with ease, heats up fast and cooks very evenly.  Very efficient too.  I've only gone through about 1 and a half of the small cans of propane.  The food comes out great, and I keep finding excuses to grill more now that I have this.		When I ordered this one, I didn't realize that it did not have a built in thermometer, so I added the Weber 7581 Q Replacement Thermometer right above the center of the handle for $10 off of here.  Just simply measured the center of handle and distance from the top, drilled a 5/8 hole and installed the thermometer.  Works perfect.  Also purchased the Weber 6550 Vinyl Cover for this.  Next on the list is probably going to be the LED light that you can attach to the handle.		I'll upload some pics of the food I've cooked and the thermometer I installed.
0,It simply works well.
0,Exactly what we wanted. The material of the flag is very strong.
0,This net works exactly as it should.  I would buy it again.  I like the extension of it.
0,the blade is a bit wider then I thought but rips threw the weeds like nothing else!
0,I have a big, heavy plant in a plastic pot and it was sitting in one of those plastic clear dishes you buy to go under pots.  This meant the pot was often sitting in water and the plant was getting mold on it.  (Waaah!)  I was afraid the pot would break if just held up on 2 or 3 points.  So I set 3 bricks in the drainage dish, set this grate on top of them, and the plant on top of it.  Voila!  Sturdy and unobtrusive, this was exactly what I needed!	And the price was perfect too!
0,I bought several of these to attach to 4 rain barrels I have placed around our house foundation.  They not only help me to save on water, but I don't have to make a mess of our siding when I water by hand with a hose.
0,These are a bit bigger than I wanted but do the job nicely to cover the broken valve box covers. The ones at Home Depot and Lowe's are too small for the 7 yr old unit I have.  Only thing I would say is perhaps a little too high in price.
0,perfect fit
0,works well
0,Awesome Product
0,I have used this product time and time again. It has never let me down. You will see some fabulous growth! Use as directed.
0,Very easy to install and feels durable. I however do wish the wall was taller.
0,I am using the surfactant in combination with generic glyphosphate. It seems to be giving better results than the dish soap alternative.
0,I used these in a pan that I set my succulents on.  Nice way to cover the pan.  FYI - these are very mini, and I need to order more as the package contains only a small quantity.  My pan is about 10 x 6, and one bag covered the bottom with about 1/4 - 1/3 inches.
0,This prodykt vere good .I don't have a problem with this product. I recomed this product for my frends. Ivere happe. Thank you vere mach
0,possibly the best potting medium commercially available
0,Good sturdy construction. As I have a privacy fence, they allow for the hanging of some very heavy plants. Good value. Good product. Good buy.
0,My first few times using this washer had no problems. The sprayer's power was sufficient to remove all the gunk on our lanai. Id did require close  up spaying but I'm not sure most other sprayers in this power range would have been any better. The hose connection could be metal rather than the plastic. Hopefully I won't need to replace the connector but time will tell.
0,Here in California we are counting every drop of water, with the drought of the century upon us.  I bought a little $5.00 rain gauge from Amazon a couple of months ago to track how much rain we're getting this winter/spring, as we have a lot of microclimates and the news doesn't tell me what my backyard is getting, only the tomatoes and roses know that... until now.		Opening the box was a little frustrating - but once you get the clamshell open, there are three main components, each of which take (2) AA batteries (so six in total, in case you need to buy batteries when you order this).  The three components are:  An exterior temperature sensor (mount it in the shade or you'll get some wacky readings), an exterior (is there any other kind?) rain gauge, which is a rectangular box that has holes in the top.. water drops through those holes into two little spoons which fill up and then dump through the bottom, and when they dump the unit registers a measurement, I'm guessing a tenth of an inch.  The final component is a digital display, which tells you the time, date, temperature inside and temperature outside (it takes about 10 minutes for the temperatures to calibrate when you first set it up, but they do and they are accurate).  The display also tells you the current rain in big letters, and then has a graphic representation of a gauge that shows you how much rain you've received in quarter inch increments (you can also set this to metric mode).		You can set an alarm if you want to be alerted when it starts raining (in our case, to bring in the patio furniture cushions).		The base station also stores rain in the following categories:  last hour, last 24 hours, last  7 days, and last month.  It also keeps a running total of the last 365 days which will remain even if you change the battery.  The only annoying thing about this device is that to reset it, you have to go to each of those four categories and reset them.... so if you reset last month to 0, and you've had rain in the last 24 hours, you also have to go reset that category.  I think there should be a "reset all" button.		So how does a drought-ridden Californian test this?  In the shower, of course!  Not right under the head, but in the splash zone... and my shower registered 0.25 inches of rain.  The base station was all the way across the house and the signal is strong.  I now have the base station upstairs and the transmitters downstairs and I've got 4 bars (like a cell phone display) so this is a much better transmitter than other systems I have owned which had terrible range and very complex pairing.		Setup is easy once you open the box.... just have those 6 AA batteries ready!		Hope this helps... and I sure hope we get some rain here in California to measure....
0,Easy to install, so far no leaks. Covered my needs.
0,LOVE this ADORABLE  frog peeking out from my tree.
0,Well worth the money. I could not make it for what they sell it for. Good quality and looks nice!
0,Makes my weed killer and hebicide work
0,Exact replacement part.  Cheaper than at the local big home repair store.
0,Does what I need it to do, Like it very much
0,Good stuff
0,Larger than most and will last forever based on the material and thickness. They are no longer shipped rolled up so that issue is gone. Very happy with this mat and the price was quite fair.
0,This is an EXCELLENT product.  It works quickly and VERY effectively.  Aside from the fact that it is made from all natural products, it also has, in my opinion, a very pleasant smell.  Unlike, most common products on the market.  I LOVE this product and highly recommend it to anyone.  The only suggestion that I have is that in the picture of the product on the site, it appears the product comes in a consentrate form.  It does not.  It comes in a ready to use spray bottle, gallon size.  Still the product is GREAT.  Just be aware that comes in a ready to use form.
0,Made a big difference in the speed of the my Tractor.  Worked great!
0,This trap works fantastic for capturing squirrels digging in my vegetable and flower garden.  Easy to reset and animal control will pick up and relocate to a nature preserve far enough away.  Love it! told my neighbor and she bought one as well and is also pleased.
0,great thanks
0,This item works great I definitely will buy again
0,First off, let me say I am not a "Gnome Nut"!!  I know many people collect them but I am not one of them.  I think they are cute, just not my thing.  To each their own.	But....(here we go, eraser word. lol) I was given the opportunity to purchase Sammy&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Sammy-the-Solar-Lantern-Gnome-29-Inch-Tall-by-Sunnydaze-Decor/dp/B00VANMRI4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Sammy the Solar Lantern Gnome, 29 Inch Tall by Sunnydaze Decor</a>&nbsp;at a discount for my honest review.	Like I said, I am not a "Gnome Nut" so it basically came down to three deciding factors of why I purchased him.  I will try to list them in order of importance.	First he's not scary to young children.  He's actually pretty cute.  Take away the frog and he could almost pass for Santa Claus.	Secondly was his size.  At 29 inches, he's noticeable whether you want to put him on your porch, walkway, garden or some where else.  This was a biggie for me.	Finally, he serves a purpose.  The lantern he holds puts out some light.  Awesome because I have been getting more and more into solar.  Even though I am an electrician by trade, it's much easier to use solar vs. running wires.	The thing that's really nice about Sammy is that you can unscrew the three screws that cover the compartment on the lantern that contains the rechargeable battery.  When you do so,  you will see that it contains a Ni-MH AA 600mAH 1.2 volt battery.  Whenever I purchase a solar item, I make sure that I can have access to the battery and that it is replaceable.  This way after the battery no longer charges, I am still able to use it by replacing the battery.	What I have been doing lately is replacing the battery, even though it brand new, to a higher mAH battery.  The higher the mAH of a battery the more charge is stored in the battery so that the light will stay on longer before it runs out of battery juice to keep it going.	I will be doing this soon be purchasing a higher mAH battery such as the Power Driver 1000 mAH Ni-CD batteries&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/PowerDriver-1000mAh-Aa-Rechargeable-NiCD-Ni-CD-Batteries-for-Toys-Flashlights-Solar-Lamp-Lights-Radio-Beatuy-Equipment-16/dp/B0114788AG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">PowerDriver 1000mAh Aa Rechargeable NiCD Ni-CD Batteries for Toys Flashlights Solar Lamp Lights Radio Beatuy Equipment (16)</a>&nbsp;not only for Sammy the Gnome but also for some solar stake lights I recently purchased&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/AGPTEK-Red-Yellow-Blue-3pc-Solar-Mosaic-Border-Garden-Post-Lights-Outdoor-Waterproof-Garden-Ground-Lamp/dp/B019O2W3CC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">AGPTEK Red Yellow Blue 3pc Solar Mosaic Border Garden Post Lights Outdoor Waterproof Garden Ground Lamp</a>.	I have to admit Sammy is cute.  Right now he is sitting on my front porch welcoming people.  Perhaps he will find a different home in the summer among the flowers or vegetables.	He's really cute.  Even my daughter, who like myself isn't very interested in gnomes, remarked how cute he was when she saw him.	My only complaint is that the circular wire that is the handle for Sammy to hold the lantern is very thin and is easy to pull apart.  Overall, that complaint is very minor.
0,Good Quality replacement bag for the Aquabot Pool Cleaner.  Its really nice to have a couple available when opening the pool to do the heavy cleaning.  Then during the year so you can change one out quickly without having to wait while you clean the old out off.
0,This review is for sprayer compression bottle listed her under name "Chapin 20000 1-Gallon Poly Lawn and Garden Sprayer".		It works, I was able to spray all my weeds with success. Long handle very useful and allows you to direct spray where it is intended.	So why is the four star and not five? The reason is simple, quality of the product and plastic used is very poor. Bottle quality is OK, it has to be or it will not hold pressure, but the actual sprayer is very flimsy and will not last. To be honest, this product never lasted me more than one year. I get it every spring and no matter what company or how much I pay for it lasts the same. It is true you can replace broken/clogged parts, but it will cost you about the same as replace the whole thing, so why bother...
0,The feeder hold lots of seeds inside, which  save lots of time to refill seeds. This is my second time bought it again. Say good bye to squirrels and European Starlings. It`s very cold winter season now. But the kinds of birds all over my back yard. Fun to watch northern cardinals fight with blue jays for seeds. Squirrels and Starlings look like be trained, standing under the 3 feeders and waiting for falling seeds from upside.
0,THIS IS CRAZY GOOD
0,I haven't had an opportunity to use it yet, but my wife is having tons of fun with it.
0,Great Price and finish was nice
0,Looks good, works great.  Heavy duty without being bulky.  Nice.
0,It is perfect!!
0,If anyone has ever tried to find a small bag of powdered lime then they know how difficult it is to buy 5# at a time.  I don't like the granular stuff on the market today and much prefer the powder.  Amazon has just what I wanted and a reasonable price.  I like to keep a small supply on hand to finely layer into my compost heap and for various other gardening projects.  A 50# bag tends to harden over a 10 year period!  Just what I wanted.
0,Heavy mat that does not blow around.  It is holding up very well.  It is in full sun most of the day and has not faded.
0,Very good, light ,strong gloves exactly as described. Good eerience
0,Used this with my plants this year and I really think the extra nutrients in it have helped them grow.
0,Serious bird deterrent.  Very bright sparkles, pigeons hate it!!!
0,My youngest son just recently wanted to help me with our bees and he needed a good pair of gloves, so he wouldn't get bee stung. He's wore these several times now and has not been stung through them yet. Overall, they work great and I'm happy with our purchase.
0,Works great
0,I am satisfied with product
0,Work really well to clip liriope.. Glad I got them.
0,Used for new ampuitee, keeps leg straight and helps with support
0,These are very strong, sturdy sod staples.  I've purchased others before and they will bend if the meet a little resistance when putting them in the ground.  These are great. May seem silly to some, but I like that they are a darker color and blend in well with the ground fabric I use. The others I have used are a light silver color.  If you are looking for great sod staples I would highly recommend these!
0,This is definitely a good quality nozzle. It is similar to the "old fashioned" type nozzle we had as kids. It gives differing spray patterns depending on how far you squeeze the trigger.
0,good kit
0,Ordered these bare roots pre-season with hopes of storing until planting season. Bare Roots arrived very well packaged. Planted a trial root in a large container indoors and, it's doing quite well to date. Strawberries don't normally do too well while growing in a container but, surprisingly, everything is going well so far. Looking forward to planting all roots(including trial) in my garden bed provided, all goes well with trial & storage. Otherwise, I will gladly order the Honeoye Bare Roots from this seller again. Hope they are still available! A+ purchase!
0,The tank adapter works great and allows me to use my old tank which was too good to throw out.
0,If you have lower back problems I wouldn't recommend buying this contraption, but if you don't mind hard work it should be okay. I had to up my star rating. Once I sharpened the blade and the grass was damp/wet after a hard rain it worked much better.  Some areas the blade went through fairly easily but some areas I had to go over 2 -3 more times.
0,I'm a gardener. I use this tool every day. Here's a tip, cut the handle  to about two feet long and it makes it easier to ween or cultivate  between plants. If you're not limber like me, it'll take a little getting used to working bent over.	  Here's another tip, I cut all of my  hand tools-  hula hoe, regular garden hoe, small head rake, this crack hoe and the Warren hoe
0,I have been using cat discouraging products for a few years now, and while many do work against most stray cats, occasionally you will find a spiteful determined cat who will do ANYTHING to get into your yard, and in my case, "play" on my carpeted patio (of course there are many birds that flock around my planters, which is an added attraction for cats).  I usually use the wire poultry netting which has larger openings but still does not allow a cat through, so I was baffled by the way one small young cat keeps fitting himself past all these barriers to get into the yard.  Anyway, I ordered this product because it has smaller openings (you can see a closeup of how the netting looks by pointing your mouse at the picture), and when it arrived I didn't realize it was plastic instead of steel, but I am happy because it's easier to work with and cut, and is a strong tough plastic that will not give too readily to the cat's pushing.  There is a steel fence around my backyard, and is about the height of this netting which is 3 ft. tall, so I just unrolled the entire thing across the corner that the cat comes through, he watched me do it and was he mad.  I anchored the netting with regular twine, and this way there is no "give" for a cat to push through, and I dare little Houdini (my name for this little so-and-so) to get through THIS, it's like a blockade.  I also advise discouraging cats with a product like the I Must Dog & Cat repellent sprays and granules, which is an added unlikeable product towards stray cats yet will not harm them or your own pets.
0,ok
0,great item fast shipment
0,More like faux rustoleum like finish. It appears to be trying to look antiqued instead of simply being metal.
0,Very cool , looks good .
0,These covers are durable and the longest lasting I have purchased so far.  I leave them out all winter and summer and they are still waterproof.  Wish the didn't discolor over time but they are out all the time so I will live with that vs having to buy a new set every year.  Very good looking product and well constructed
0,This was great, nice and sturdy for mounting on pole as I had hoped.  Use it for a heavy birdhouse.
0,Great price. I assume I'll get the 3 years out of it, but we'll wait to see.
0,Work as they should.  The blades cut through anything.  I do a great deal of linear footage and I wear through blades quickly but ai get fairly close to the concrete so that does not help there life.  Happy with them.
0,Found this product when I was looking for something to slow the blossom end rot on our heirloom tomatoes.  After reading a little online we determined it is caused by too much watering(can't do much about that - we had the wettest July on record) and/or a lack of calcium in the soil.  Yes, a soil pH test would have been nice to do, but this was our first serious season for growing.		This product is essentially liquid calcium with .5% phosphate(0-.5-0).  It comes in a HUGE bottle that I suppose would be nice if you had a very large garden.  We just have a half-dozen containers in the backyard exclusively for tomatoes(my wife makes some mean salsa!).  The instructions on the bottle say to use just 1 teaspoon per gallon of water and to apply at every feeding.  I did this for over a month and we only had one plant with rampant blossom end rot.  The instructions also say you want your soil's pH adjusted to 6.4 so I guess next year we'll be buying a pH meter.		Overall, I'm happy with this product and although I can't prove it's what saved our tomatoes I'm sure it didn't hurt!  I wish there was a smaller bottle size that was a little cheaper, but we'll be using it every year as prevention from this season going forward.  Should last us a decade or so!  Four stars for an excellent product- just wish small-scale growers like us didn't have to buy so much.		Jae
0,I use chlorine tables for my 4 water features to keep them clean. The tablets do not seem to hurt yy water lilies or other water plants.  I do not have fish in the ponds. But it controles the algae so I clean them about twice a year.	This is the best buy I have found.  I am a prime member.	Gary
0,very nice chime and the color is soooo pretty woodstock chimes sound absolutely lovely, relaxing, and quite melodious.  I have 9 chimes all around my house eaves and they sound so good.  i love love love these.
0,great
0,....Freshness matters!!! So i was unsure about online although it may be fine..	  I ended up buying 3lb bags at about $13-14 a bag.. why did i not buy 1 big bag at more of a savings?		  BECAUSE EVERY STINKIN BAG WAS EITHER EXPIRED OR EXP WITHIN A MONTH!!  i was shocked.. in years past didn't know about freshness!.. and this stuffs not cheap!	  On a tiny little sticker it has a germination test date and exp date	that test should be within 9 months of purchase but freshers better so my bags were tested in june ( exp March '18)..its august ( some bags were exp in 2016!)		  I chose this because it has a blend of different blues and a mix of other grasses ( other grasses tolerate diff conditions.. if you have all the same then it all struggles at the same time .. diff ones mean somethin else is hangin in while others are stressed)		  It all has germ rates above 80%	Sometimes what seems like a deal isnt.... Low germ rates..low pure seed count..lots of weed seed.. old seed etc.. all = less grass!		  It has fungicide ( don't get messy and let it go down storm drain) some fert and a coating to hold water..		  So it looks like a nice mix...	some other things to consider..	  IF YOU NEVER AERATE  or DETHATCH	you should.. compacted soil is not going to grow grass well!!	We bought here on amazon a dethatcher for around 100 it works well and we will use every other year then every third ( you cant get years and years worth all at once)		  We considered renting an aerator but at around 80-100 plus aggravation weve hired trueG to do it for 160..(Core aerating..the tines make holes while further compacting surrounding soil)		Its best to dethatch and aerate when the grass can recoup from the damage ( not too hot not too cold)		We will follow up with some compost topsoil and fert ( we like lawn restores non toxic from safer here on amazon..)and of course this seed. . We will then be sure to keep it moist.. baby grass has no real root system yet if it dries out it dies so you cant get lazy with it.. we will keep it moist then as it grows we will water deeper and less often ( frequent shallow watering after established gets shallow roots)		We have Fd up our lawn for 12 years so it will take time to get it right.. and after reading about the agent orangy weed killer we were using we have opted to stop using that stuff and do what was most recomended anyway..	  OUTCOMPETE!!	  good lawn outcompetes weeds!!	 All the other is bandaiding!	 We will correct soil and overseed to grow a thick turf that doesnt leave room for a bunch of weeds... we will set  our blade higher and mow more often so we can let our tips lay ( free nitrogen)		Another suggestion. .. get a soil test kit from local ext office it s about $9..	  Everyone told us to lime lime lime. . So glad we didn't ad our test revealed high calcium already!!..you cant guess you have to test!	  Good luck !
0,Good
0,great product
0,The gutter works as expected.
0,This hummingbird feeder is a great value!		It is easy to clean, attractive (in every sense), and provides a perch for the hummers to rest on. It is easy to fill and to clean, yet is quite inexpensive. Well worth the investment!
0,I love this flag it's flying on my truck so it gets seen a lot and holds up to 70 mph excellent
0,Good sturdy quality and works as advertised.
0,Nice and thick. Fits very well on my patio furniture and looks stylish. Easy to remove for use, and then put back on when ready to not sit outside for a bit and/or not using all my set. Couldn't be happier.
0,I am thrilled to have found these!!!!  They work great and are so very simple to use.		My husband is scared of the old wooden mouse traps, and I would have to "set" them for him. Then he would carry them to where they needed to go and hope that they did not 'go off' before getting them where they were needed. And it was also a mess trying to get bait to stick on that little piece of metal on one of those old wood traps.		With these traps the bait fits down into a bait well and is so easy to get in there. My husband can carry the trap to where he wants to put it and once in place, just push down on the back of it till it clicks and that is all there is to it. Ready to catch mice.		And boy do they catch mice!!! We live in a rural farming area and when autumn/winter comes on it is a nightmare of mice. When the farmers pick the crops and cold weather sets in, mice start coming into homes looking for shelter and food. It is very easy to become infested with mice if you do not have a way of catching them by the bunches. It is not at all unusual to catch a dozen mice per day!
0,I have virtually eliminated cave crickets, aka camelback crickets from my home. Meanwhile, neighbors still have the problem. Here's how I did it.		First, use Niban, especially in your basement, but don't think this is all you have to do. Much more important is using a perimeter insecticide in the early fall. Go to your local Lowes store and find one. Before the first very cool day, spray at least two feet up the outside walls of your home and two feet out from where your home sits ALL around the house, being sure to spray any openings, such as the washing machine vent, etc. Again, do this when temps in your area are expected to approach 65 or so. Do it a second time a month and a half later. If you do that, they won't come in.		For those that DO come in, let them find the Niban,		Ants: Forget Niban. Get Amdro Ant Blocks and USE THEM in the early spring or sooner. I put mine around the perimeter of the house but these are sad to use snide too. If you want to use them inside, use them outside too.		You can't argue with success and I have had success.
0,Works perfectly, love the swiveling head, just a little worried it will break easily, so take care when storing and using.
0,I bought one for my cousin and she also loves it.  She is an agronomist and took it to work and they even liked it at the plant nursery.
0,Top of the line.
0,Works good for pond.bird bath not big enough
0,Ok
0,Sand from the beach races through this like no tomorrow! Great buy I highly recommend it for the beach digger.
0,Great grow tent and great price!
0,As advertised
0,I have a mole problem...boy those suckers are smart.  I have tried over the past 4 years many, many mole removal products.  Traps are the only option.  I had been using the CINCH Traps, and before that I had been through several other brands.  The Cinch traps are more than twice the price of these, and are so much more difficult to set.  My arthritis has gotten worse and  one of the best features of this product is that I can set them easily and one handed.  Just step down on the trap and set the trigger and you are good to go!  Not only are they extremely easy to set they are also just as effective as the more expensive traps.  Take it from me, these are by far the best bang for your buck, and they get the job done.
0,very pleased
0,Add the D/Earth (Diatomaceous Earth), Amazon sells it as well i believe,  to the part where the leg of your bed goes into these things and you are safe. don't just not put this fine powder into it. Its a very good Powder to use to repel bed bugs. This powder is so fine, be-careful if you have asthma. you need a wet mask for your face like a hospital doctors mask, put water in and out of the mast when using this powder. its so fine you will breath some in even with the wet mask. But you can also use one of those mask with chemical filters that painters use. But trust me this touches the bed bugs shell and they breath it and they will die. they say that bed bugs last a whole year in your home with out food which is blood. Well this powder will help your problem. oh and don't forget to use  this powder in your outlets they tend to hide in there away from danger from powders or poisons. open up your outlet and use a puffer thingy that amazon also sells its a thing that you pour the powder into and you just squeeze and the powder shoots into the wall socket it has a skinny nozzle, and its red and white this small canister to add this powder to. have a blessed day yall with bed bugs. Use these instructions and you will not get bit any more God bless you Amen. yeah!!!!!..........P.S. This is pet friendly this powder im talking about. But try to keep it as far away from your pet as possible due to the powder is fine and dogs and cats are always sniffing around and sniffing this it won't harm them like poison as the company says but < unless the cat or dog is allergic and you never know, just because its natural does not mean they not allergic, better safe than sorry.....This powder Can go into human lungs so can go into animals lungs, especially toddlers that crawl on the floor, i don't think any kind of power we breath or dust is healthy for the lungs so be careful in that area. put barriers around this touching only the outside of the climbup insect interceptor but not touching the leg of the bed < that will defeat the purpose. Building a plastic barrier tall enough so animals or toddlers cant get to this very fine powder,  they say its not poisonous but no one knows who is allergic to what and definitely will not be good to breath this. So being inventive will derail any other problems that has to do with health with our lungs. P.P.S put the powder inside where the legs lays into the Climbup Insect Interceptor and the outer part as well. is how i have it just in case anything comes into my home or even bad for roaches. This powder is so fine they tiny lungs breath it they cant breath and then suffocate and rubs on their shell and both way s kills the bugs. Hate to say it but no business in our home. So we have to protect ourselves. Again People have a good day and don't forget to smile no matter what the problem is. smile at a very old person it will make their day.
0,fast shipping, as advertised...
0,works perfectly
0,Now my Avocado tree have a face!!!
0,great
0,works fine.
0,These twist are perfect for sealing bags.  They are the right price and can be used for many purposes.  But since they are silver I would think mostly used for decorating purposes.  But they can ties wires or  trash bags if needed.  They come in a reasealalbe bag and are easy to separate.
0,They are very well done, great details, look like my 2 daughters. When they're not arguing!
0,We really like this grill cover.  It fits very well, but it not hard to put on or take off.  We purchased this one after reading the reviews of another one that was more expensive.  The coverage is excellent.
0,Mayby ive just never owned small plan sheers but these are like surgical cutters.  Iv cut myself and did not know it its so sharp.  If been cutting all sorts of stuff im not supose to like zip ties fabric my salad.  I liky
0,I prefer the fine mesh skimmers and this one works well. Plus, it says it's made in America.
0,All good
0,Looks great. Feels strong. Time will tell how durable it is.
0,I personally love this Windsock.  It's good quality, just the right size and watching the red-white and blue blow in the wind is amazing.
0,This Briggs & Stratton pressure washer serves a need we had for cleaning our parrot's cage and stands. We've used a regular hose in the past but using this cuts our time in half and reduces the amount of water we have to use. I like the slim design and the fact you can store all the attachments on the washer itself. It's simple to use and easy to assemble. Right out of the box, you do need to have petroleum jelly or some kind of lubricant available to grease the O rings. It was not included. Also, the directions were a bit unclear as to the number of screws needed to hold the wand holder in place. It shows that you need two but one is already in the frame. I did have to contact the service department at Briggs & Stratton regarding a missing nozzle. They were quick to respond and very professional.
0,I purchased 3 "Lo and Behold Blue Chip" Butterfly Bushes from Hirt Gardens a month ago and planted them in pots.  They're blooming their little heads off and look healthy and full.  Butterflies and hummingbirds put on a show even though the plants are still only 12 inches high.  I am very pleased with the quality and the packing method and the plants were delivered in perfect condition from Hirt's Gardens.  I would definitely buy from this vendor again.	The only downside  is that the plants were described as blue but are actually purple.  No biggie but blue would have been my first choice.
0,it's easy to fill, but I wish it held a bit more. On the other hand, the fact that it doesn't makes me clean it more often.
0,Vibrant colors.  Well-packaged (no breakage of the shells).  I have a wild purple bathroom and it looks great hanging in the window.  Soft sounds.
0,Cute pots. Based on other reviews, I wasn't sure if I would use the small pot. But when I was repotting an orchid someone gave me, the small pot was perfect for the keiki.
0,This is a great kit. I've had a number of trimmer / hedger tools but none that work as well as this one. A terrific extra plus with this kit is the included pruner tool.
0,This stayed in my cart for several months with my wavering as to whether to buy or not. So glad I did!! Makes harvesting easy! Super clean cuts and faster collection.
0,they really do help the small pieces of debri from going through the basket and down into the pump filter
0,Heavy duty. Well packed. Easy to assemble.
0,Good juice, nothing  better for organic veggie/herb gardening
0,hard to put on, but works well
0,I use this sprayer to fertilize orchids and other plants.  It works perfectly and the charge lasts a long time.
0,cute, as pictured and prompt shipping
0,As soon as I unpacked the box, the plants said, 'we're happy to be here, and we're excited to join your little green house.  We want a spot up at the top closer to the light'. And so, the plants made their way to the top shelf next to the blooming petunia and next to the cloned lavender.  One aloe asked why the lavender was so down on himself, and the lavender said that he had been separated from his family, but it was time for him to move on as the whole family couldn't live in the same pot anymore.  The little star-like aloe told the depressed lavender that the greenhouse was everyone's home now, and they were all one big happy family now.  All of the little aloes were sure that with their youthful and healing presence now in the greenhouse would heal even the most depressed lavenders.  This afternoon, there was a general feeling of ease among the refugee population of cloned lavenders, as they all knew youthful hope and healing had arrived.
0,GREAT PRODUCT.
0,This is the BEST pump for the slimy job of pool cover draining.  The blue leaf strainer works as intended.  I did not have to stop pumping to remove any clogs for the entire time it took to drain the cover.  I had purchased a similar, smaller pump from a local retailer and I returned if for being too slow.		I will tell you that I purchased a 1 inch discharge hose kit (adapter and clamps included) from Home Depot for under $20.	This made all the difference. The hose is long (20 feet) and it increases the pump performance tremendously.  I now use this pump to drain the hot tub.  Cut the time significantly.
0,I find these to be just as good as the Polaris brand, at about half the cost. Will purchase again.
0,***** 5 star Customer service my came with a broken tip . No questions other than needed info sent replacement part ASAP FAST  Works GREAT long lasting battery also would highly recommend  ( PS anybody want my hand pump model )  LOL
0,Nothing beats brass. Well made. Looks like it's going to last. And great you get all those extra hose washers included.
0,Much better then the standard string
0,We use several of these around our patio for our "Little Hummer " friends. We bought some for relatives in North Carolina who are having a great time getting to know how friendly these little cuties are. We hand feed our hummingbirds and they get to know us very fast. Great Product.	We use a 1 to 4 ratio of sugar to water for these size feeders.
0,It is everything I eexpected
0,6 year update: still great.	This nozzle looks like a dozen others offered at your hardware store, but for some reason this is the one to get. Maybe they asked the factory in China to use better materials and tighter specs. In any case, this is the one that works. This is the one that does not leak or break. By the way, bought this in 2011.		Update: Sept 2017: Still works. Still not leaking.
0,Can't wait to try this out.  So may things need cleaning and sprucing up around here.  I've seen the infomercial and fell in love w/this.  I sure hope it works as well as the infomercial says.  Have to clean my vinyl sided house and moss on the sidewalks and car port drive and yard furniture etc.
0,This is so beautiful, I have it next to my plants on the windowsill!  It is a classic, and is quite nice if you want a premium watering can.  Recommended.
0,outside there are Hawks and Eagles. We made a cover top for the dog pen using this  to keep our little tiny dogs safe from being carried away. Working great. Allows for lots of sunlight and lightweight so I can remove the top to clean the pen. Good strong quality
0,die rats die!
0,Excellent
0,Great little smoker. Able to smoke pretty much anything. Hardly uses up much propane. I've smoked 2 briskets, 4 racks of ribs, 2 whole chickens so far. Plan on using the jerky rack next.
0,Great stuff for a good price if you check out the ingredients.  This would make a great micro / booster addition or a great standalone fertilizer for cheap.
0,This is a hard to find hummingbird feeder. I like it small because I like to change the feed often to keep it fresh. In my case, they usually lasts about 5 to 7 days depending on the flowering season. They may go empty sooner if flowering season is over.
0,If you have a pool or spa you need one of these! Won't go another summer without. Cut my chlorine use in half! Pool stayed crystal clear all summer
0,Nice chain. Gave my chainsaw more life.
0,Nice Product
0,Great for metal detecting pin pointers and has many other uses.
0,Works great for my old weber grill.  It is nice to be able to roll it around again.
0,good bargain; works perfectly
0,> I found that I can cut 3/4" thick branches fairly easily.	> They should be particularly useful for folks who (because of arthritis or some other condition) do not have a strong grip.  But, short 15" loppers, such as&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Fiskars-15-Inch-PowerGear-Super-Pruner-Lopper-7972/dp/B00004SD73/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Fiskars 15 Inch PowerGear Super Pruner/Lopper (7972)</a>, may be even easier for individuals with weak grips---or may simply be less tiring if you have alot of pruning to do.	> You have the option of cutting with 1, 2, or 3 squeezes, but it takes practice and concentration.	> I still have a strong grip, and therefore prefer simple pruners such as&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Fiskars-Traditional-Bypass-Pruning-Shears/dp/B00002N66H/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Fiskars Traditional Bypass Pruning Shears</a>&nbsp;for most pruning tasks.  But sometimes it is nice to have the option to cut a thicker branch, instead of going back to the tool shed for the big loppers.		PRUNERS vs LOPPERS	> Normally, pruners are best for stems and branches up to " diameter, and loppers are best for branches greater than " diameter.  In between, other consideration come into play.	> Pruners are used 1-handed, loppers are used 2-handed.  If you need to hold a stem or branch while you cut, or you want to collect the cut stems as you work, a pruner is your best choice.  Loppers are less tiring if you are cutting alot of thick stems, particularly if you have a weak grip for some reason.  Loppers (particularly extendable handle loppers) give you far more reach, so that you don't have to bend over, or resort to a ladder.  The reach can also help protect you from the thorns of roses, etc.		OTHER OPTIONS:  Unless you have a specific reason to choose another design/option, I strongly recommend choosing simple bypass pruners, at least for your first and most-used pruner..  The choices are more complex for loppers.	BYPASS vs ANVIL:  Bypass pruners are analogous to scissors, with two blades which move past one another.  Anvil pruners are analogous to a cleaver and cutting board, with 1 blade and an anvil to which the blade cuts.  Bypass pruners usually cut more cleanly with less crushing, which is usually better for the plant.  Anvil loppers may not easily cut completely through very fibrous stems.  Power Drive pruners are bypass.	SIMPLE vs COMPOUND, GEARED, or RACHET:  Geared, compound, and ratchet designs give you more leverage, but that usually is NOT desirable in pruning shearsbut either requiring you to open the shears wider, or to squeeze them multiple times to cut through a stem.  For small or easily-cut stems, simple pruning shears are easier and less tiring to use.  Power Drive pruners are ratchet.		Click on Stoney just below the product title to see my reviews of loppers for details on how to choose among lopper designs.
0,Looks great, well made (in the USA of course!) and built from recycled materials. This won't warp and fade in the weather like wood feeders. It will look great and stay that way forever. Best feeder I ever bought.
0,All the needed parts to tune up, replace fuel lines and filter, replacement carburetor.  Best value out there.
0,Worked just as advertised. No issues
0,Hi to all .on the fence about big bud.in 3 words am a discribe this product.simply the best.buds are nice hard.super fast acting.will buy again .for sure .huge tasty buds .very happy.
0,Cuts wood good
0,Great product. The only reason it didn't get all stars because I found something for the same price with more.
0,I have only used this once but compared to my other valves that I own, this is so far the best that I have owned. The longer levels make it much easier to turn On and Off.
0,Too cute
0,Perfect gift for my son in his new house :)
0,I was afraid that this saw would be too small, but it cut down a softwood tree with a trunk about 6 inches across with no problem and cut up the branches on one battery charge.
0,I used to work part time on a cafe grill making hot sandwiches etc.  The best way to clean the grill was pouring a little water on the hot grill and wipe away the boiling steam as it lifted the grease and burnt on food.  I bought this for my outdoor grill and with the steel bristles, it easily cleans my grill.  Great must have tool.
0,Great quality, I have 3 of the same style.  I love the fact that there is no handle to break or dial feature to wear out.  Very durable, I highly recommend it.
0,Nice to watch/pretty spinning water and the grandkids have fun running through it.  It more pricey then others - but I've had cheap plastic sprinklers the kids liked to play in, but they don't last.		The metal is nice, will see how it lasts.
0,Order this for My Wild Game Tripod Feeder. Mounted it to the Feeder, Hooked it to a 6 Volt Rechargeable Battery and its been Spinning out Corn for 4 Months now. Very Impressed with it so far.
0,Okay, these are very stiff and sturdy.  I haven't tried to kill a yellow jacket yet, but I'm sure this will do the trick!  Thick strong wire handle, and thick plastic swatter.  I'm ready for the next kill!!  LOL
0,Beautiful and great quality!
0,fit well
0,Great replacement part
0,Much easier to use than the handheld grandule sprayer.
0,My husband has hot feet - it's weird, even when he's not doing much, his feet run warmer than the rest of his body, so he hates when his socks make that worse.  We received these bamboo dress socks in exchange for my honest opinion.  I had heard that bamboo fabric keeps you 1-3 degrees cooler than just plain cotton and according to hubby, that does seem to be the case with these socks.  They are cool and comfortable without being thin and wonky.  He likes that they hold up nicely on the ankle and even with several washings, the elastic has held up well.  The color is nice and exactly what we chose so no issue there.  The black has stayed true and again, even with washing, no fading or discoloration.  I should also point out that they do stretch well for a comfort fit, my hubby wears a size 12 and these fit him well.  He really likes these socks and said he would be ordering more in the black color, as well as the other colors to expand what he has.
0,Have used a short version of this hose at my boarding kennel for about 2 months. Its held up very well to daily use & winding back up w/o kinking. Would like to have the long versions everywhere if they weren't sure expensive
0,If the white sprinkler head on this item would have NOT snapped off, this item would have gotten 5 stars....
0,Safely took down a big dead pine with these wedges. It was a hammer blow to the wedge that finished it off.
0,Love this hose.  I have a several raised beds that are watered automatically but I have many plants that aren't so this hose is awesome.  LIght weight and each to move around and wrap back up.
0,very nice replacement for one that lasted 10 years in the coop.  definitely quality!
0,Good quality and a great price.
0,Fixed my mower and genuine briggs and stratton parts
0,This clips work fine for hanging our flag. We replaced the old ones with these and so they are doing the job.
0,We planted a couple of little citrus trees in our yard about two years ago. The meyer lemon did ok, and has produced about two dozen lemons in two years. The orange tree has produced no fruit so far, which we're disappointed with. However, this year, I purchased the Miracle-Gro Fertilizer Spikes for fruit trees, and I can honestly see a difference so far with the orange tree. We've already got at least a couple dozen small fruits forming! The lemon tree looks like it has many more fruits forming than previous years. So far, very happy with the product!
0,Works good but hard to keep tight
0,Happy with purchase
0,This axe is the bomb.  A relative had one and let my husband try it. It was like cutting through butter. We ordered our own right away. I swear he looks forward to chopping now because this makes it so easy. Can't tell you how many people he has taken out to the garage to show it to.
0,Everything is good
0,Great to put on your nice tractor seat.  It will extend the life of a tractor seat.  If your tractor seat is cracked and worn, this is a cheap fix to make it look good and be more comfortable.		It fits high back seats best but will work with mid height too.  I don't recommend it for low back seats as there is too much fabric for a low profile seat.
0,Finally a blade that fits my 19" mower.
0,This clock is beautiful and so far keeps very good time .  It is in the sun most of the day.
0,This fit perfectly along the front of our home.  We had a 13 x13 x 13 which didn't quite work out with the shape of the house.  The right angle shaped sail fit perfectly in the gap left by the 13 x 13 x 13.  I ordered the walnut and it looks great with the existing shade even though each sail was made by different manufactures.  The only issue that I had with this one is that doesn't come with any rope or mounting hardware.  I needed to go find a little bit of rope for one corner.		Update on 7/26/2017:  Since this is in the front of the home, it is visible from the street.  We've only had positive reviews from our neighbors.  Two neighbors want to do the same thing.  One has the same floor plan as ours and the other wants to hang the shade sail in the backyard off the kitchen.  We also have experienced a huge drop in glare and heat through the windows.  Our front porch is very nice to sit on and with the sails makes it feel larger and more of an extension of the house like another room. The garage has been cooler too.  By the way, we have SunSetter freestanding retractable awning in the back yard of the house.  It is heavy and not easily moved, birds make nests in it every year and cost a lot of money.  We enjoy having it and it makes a huge different having it in our yard, but we probably could have done about the same thing with just a sail shade or two.
0,It's sturdy material, and you'd be surprised at the dust and other gunk your smoker can pick up when it's all sticky after a few uses.  No, really... it is.  And you know you won't scrub it clean every time.
0,works great
0,Cute little house, I've got them up on my arbour, more for looks in my use.  Love them.
0,Seems to be doing the trick.  I can only give poison 4 stars - since it's poison - and poison really isn't the best thing to use - this one especially can secondarily poison hawks, snakes or other predators that may eat the dying gophers.  I don't feel good about using poison.  However, I really don't feel good about gophers feasting on my plants, and I don't have time to sit out there all day with my .22 and pop the lil suckers.  And I've tried all the traps, the gas bombs, hoses, and even juicy fruit gum (although I kinda knew that really wasn't going to work, lol) .  Using pelleted poison along with a yard butler seems to work the best.  This does work.  Just wish there was a better way.
0,Fits pretty tight.  Kind of hard to get off
0,These plug ins work in sunny Florida
0,I like this backpack sprayer because it's just easier to make up a 3 or 4 gallon load of spray and move around our hilly property with it on my back. It's much less work than carrying a 1 or 2 gallon sprayer in one hand or on one shoulder. Having the ability to fill this with 4 gallons at a time makes the job take a little less time and that's helpful too. I didn't pay attention when I ordered and I bought this piston style this time, whereas in the past we've always bought the diaphragm style. I am not sure that I perceive a real difference in use, although they look different and there are separate instructions for each in the Solo manual. This piston backpack worked fine. I am 5'8" tall and almost 70 years old and the weight and distribution were acceptable. The rod or bar that is used to pressurize the spray is at a convenient location at the side and was easy enough to pump. The spray handle itself gave me some trouble and soon became stuck in the constant-spray position because the plastic was soft and got wedged into the little groove. That isn't good, so I knocked off a star. The spray pattern is OK. I usually use fairly large drops because it seems we always have at least a little wind and I don't want the overspray going everywhere. Not a bad sprayer, although it needs a much better spray wand.
0,This is a basic shut off valve for your hose. Attach it to the end of the hose, turn the little bar to stop the flow, and use it to slow or hasten the flow as needed. No leaking so far, works well.
0,I am sold on these as a first time user. Results way beyond my expectations. Well made and holding up nicely 2 months in. Looking forward to seeing how good they clean up after this grow.
0,After talking to Balichun, they have agreed to give a small refund for my assembly problem, and I will drill a button hole in the proper location closer to the end of the pole (2 inches vs the 5.5 that mine came pre-drilled through both sides). This is satisfactory as long as the compromised pole stands up to the coastal wind. I will say that they were very responsive with several emails trying to understand the problem.
0,We'll see about this.  Some of the reviews were iffy, but Amazon Prime Day - I just couldn't pass up the price!  When it arrived, as some had suggested, one of the end bars on the grate had popped off - welds were crappy.  I see where the burner covers are pop-riveted, and see where I might need to drill 'em out and drive screws eventually.  To keep weight/cost down, the metal is pretty light weight.  Amazon shipped it just in the pretty product box, so there is a ding in the side.  I don't want to screw around with returning it, so cooked some ribeyes and chicken - perfect!		This grill runs HOT - not much control with the burner knobs, but DANG does it sear!  I'll probably find something to keep the lid open a quarter inch to moderate the temperature for some foods.  At the price, I'm cool with it.		This grill attaches to the 40#/5Gal propane tank.  I got Grill Steak Saver Adapter and Onlyfire Universal Propane Tank Refill Adapter adapter so I can use the 1# propane tanks, and refill them from the big tank. And I got a 10 foot Stansport Propane Appliance to Bulk Tank Hose for when I want to cook a few meals on the grill.  Planning for this grill to last a few years, I also got the 2 year Protection Warranty, and the Cuisinart protective bag.  To keep it clean, I got some 3M 14002 and Weiman Stainless Steel Cleaner & Polish.		With all this stuff, it was still WAY cheaper than the Weber Q1200 my wife had her eye on. Thank God for Amazon Prime Day!
0,Just what I needed
0,I used this water vac to clean the very fine sediment in the bottom of my water cistern (1500 gallon underground tank).  It vacuumed this fine sediment (bought fine filter bag) with no problem.  The bag  does not  hold a lot of debris so you will need to clean it often.  The battery life surpassed my expectations - lasted around an hour per charge.  There were  no problems in using this device.
0,Ok I was about to give this one star review.  Not because of the grill but because of the lack of directions.  I'm pretty good at building things but holy smokes was this a puzzle.  I spent 4 hours which one of them was just trying to figure out the bad directions. I put everything in a box and sat in the garage.  My dad built it for me.  It took him a whole day. He did not use the directions.  He went by the picture on the box.  Now once it's together it's a great BBQ.  I've used it twice and love it. Would I purchase it again? No.  Because it be easier just to go to a box store and buy one already assembled even if I have to pay a bit more.
0,Hoping for a little more power, but I am pleased.
0,I container garden since my backyard is completely cement. This is my third year attempting a container garden, and I hit it right on this year!!! I learned as much as I could about fertilizer this year, as my previous 2 years resulted in stunted growth, limited produce, and bug infestations. I started my seeds inside about 6 weeks early in a mix of peat, perlite, and biotone. I had been using 5 gallon buckets for all my big plants in the past, but this year I invested in 5 - 15 gallon fabric pots and 5 - 10 gallon fabric pots. I kept my 5 gallon buckets for basil, kale, a cucumber, and a fingerling potato I threw in from my compost bucket.		I put 3 tomatoes, 2 eggplants, and various peppers in the fabric pots (one per pot). The Happy Frog seemed like the fertilizer analysis I needed to start these so I mixed this into my dirt. To make my dirt, I mixed about 1/4 old dirt from last year, peat, perlite, vermiculite, Dr. Earth compost, cow manure, and worm castings.		Along with the Happy Frog Tomato and Veg, I added:		Crab Meal (Neptune's Harvest)	Bone Meal	Azomite	Epsom Salt	Blood Meal (not much)	BioTone (in the hole at planting)	Garden Lime		And that's it! My plants look AMAZING!! I am the envy of all my neighbors!!!		I have been side dressing with Jobe's Tomato and Vegetable granular (I like the lower nitrogen), Neptune's Harvest Fish & Seaweed, and Dr. Earth Bud & Bloom Liquid (only use this last one on flowering veggies) and epsom salt (they need that magnesium and sulfur to absorb the calcium in the bone meal and crab meal). We have had the cloudiest and rainiest spring in years here in the Northeast (Pittsburgh, PA) but my tomatoes have already outgrown their cages. I'm trying to figure out what to do when the sun comes back! So glad I only grew 3 tomato plants this year!!! They are covered in baby green tomatoes, just waiting for the sun to ripen!!!
0,As expected.
0,Great price, great delivery, and I think great product.  I'm a new pool owner and was "sold" the importance of the Nature2.  My pool looks great, but not really sure if the product helps at all or if it is all marketing.  I will continue to buy the replacements every 6 months IF I can find them at this low price (about 1/2 of what retailers want).  No way I will spend near or over $100
0,Tough little net pots that work well. These have a lip that work well when used in conduction with the correct sized hold saw. Im very pleased.
0,using this on an older weber genesis grill with a side burner.  The cover is made of quality material, feels heavy and I hope it is water proof.  The fit is 'loose'--while it covers the whole grill, I have to adjust the strings to improve the fit.  Worth it for the price.
0,This is a great bird feeder.  It's very easy to clean and refill.  Since buying it,  it has been packed with 13 birds so far.  Big win. Plastic quality seems stable.  It's a bit heavy.  No squirl problems.
0,Great test at 3F degrees in my two car garage.  With the rare cold snap Bomb Cyclone here in east coast, I waited till this morning to test my new heater.  I timed it with highest setting.  20 minutes brings up the temperature 20 degrees and can feel the difference already.  At 40 minutes,  Im able to be in the garage with a light long sleeve shirt.  Im able to lower the setting to low.  Im able to work in the garage all day with comfort while outside was 16 degrees.		I don't know how much propane it consumes.  I should weighed the tank before and after use.		I consider it expensive but it does put out a lot of heat at full setting.  More so than my previous model (dual ears)
0,Worked fine.
0,I'm always experimenting with different tools.  Thats why I pulled the trigger on this thing.		The saw has definitely become my favored tool for hike in/camping.		When exploring in colder and colder environments.....I found I just really needed sizable hunks of wood	that would burn for hours while I slept.  Couldn't really achieve that with smaller, more packable saws.		I tried this....closely paying attention to whether or not the weight of this would pay off.	It did...in spades.  By far the best saw I have ever packed, and I have packed saws of similar size.	My buddies joke that I pack a chain saw.  I've noticed that when they are with me, they don't bother even bringing	their Bahco Laplanders or Sawvivors, lol.		If you plan on getting this to use it like I do, I would also get the Weaver 27 inch leather saw Scabbard.	Fits perfect on this and is very rugged.  I couldn't pack this saw without it.
0,A correct fit!
0,This works awesome for stoping web worms from killing my post oak trees
0,Not as weighted as my last one. Lighter quality.
0,Love this. My parents had a steel shovel forever.  After all the snow we got this year it is still my favorite. it is wise to have other types of shovels on hand as well, for all the different types of snow. This is a plow type and it works best to push 'lighter' snow. It also workswonders on ice and compacted snow.
0,Very handy! Wish the charge lasted longer tho.  I used only the grass shearing blade and broke it when I hit a rock :(.  It comes with short hedge trimmer I haven't used. I'll have to call and see if I can get a replacement blade.  I figure it was my fault it broke but do hope this isn't just too thin of a part.  Will update
0,This is a new design and much tougher than the one I bought last year for the same price.
0,The handle doesn't flex and it has a nice large surface to step on when digging.  The one I had before finally rusted out and broke but I probably left it outside more than I should have.  I've had excellent warranty service from Fiskars on other products but the one I have is so old that I'm not really sure it was made by Fiskars when I bought it.
0,I am so very excited about this. It is the best discovery that I have ever had. It keeps the soil in tact without the sides folding in. I planted tomato's, jalapeno's and herbs and all are doing very well.
0,For the price, it cant be beat.
0,These are great! They fit our decks perfectly. We are very pleased.
0,The product seems ok. I will NEVER buy anything like this again with out a dimensioned drawing. It didn't go well for me.
0,works
0,We purchased this tool to plant 2000 pine seedlings on our property.  It worked great and will purchase another one.
0,I love these!  I place then, as is, in each corner of my garage and catch all types of things.  Mostly crickets and spiders, but I have also caught multiple snakes and field mice.  I caught a mouse that was pretty much half the size of the trap!  So the glue works great.  Also, if you aren't interested in killing things, I was able to free the mouse without killing it.  So while they will definitely hold whatever you catch, they are not going to kill them immediately, anyway.  But again, great product.  Keeps my garage critter free.
0,The Destroyer works. Lots of fun lighting, and watching them do their job.
0,Works great!  Love it!!
0,worked great for what im using it for cutting branchhes up for firewood at the lake. doesnt have the speed a gas or reg elec but does the job just fine
0,Had some sort of snake revisit my back porch, and no I do know what kind or if it's poisonous, all I know it's a snake...........enough said. After reading other reviews I decided to go with this product and so far so good have not seen a snake (it's only been a few weeks) but I feel more at ease with each day.	It does smell quite strong of cinnamon and clove when first applied, but it fades with time.
0,works great , handling 10 hydroponic tomato containers  with ease , and can probably add a few more
0,works pretty good ! spray discharges too fast.
0,Its Weber. It's great. fits well, will see how it holds up over couple of seasons
0,Well made, easy to fill and birds love it! Took less than 20 mins for birds to find and start using. We fill with black sunflower seed and birds go crazy! Because of its design, there are many options for the birds to use to get the seeds. Finches, chick a dees, cardinals, titmouse, you name it, they love it! Love the ease it is to fill...it is collapseable so I hang empty on shepherds hook, unhook levers to open lil and fill from there. Easy and perfect. We have owned others by this brand and they stand up well to PA winters as well as squirrel invaders.
0,Its the only trap I know that will capture the animal without killing it.  The challenge is finding the right type of food to lure the animal in.
0,My only problem is that I don't mind dogs peeing or pooping on my grass as long as their "parents" scoop the poop.  I added the words to the stakes, so they now say "Keep the POOP off the grass.  SCOOP,"  I don't know if the words I added will hold up to weather, but I like it better.
0,as seen
0,I was very skeptical about moving away from the "old school" cans with the little yellow vent on the back.  I don't know what the new gas can rules are, but it seems that they all require 2 hands now.  The 2 1/2 gallon size is not too big to manage.  The valve really cuts flow off cleanly.  Be sure to align the black collar squarely to avoid minor dripping.
0,We didn't think it worked but the electricity in the shop had kicked off where we'd plugged it in.  Now it's incredible.
0,Making tons of sprouts!!
0,I love it!  Use it all the time for yard care!
0,Work as stated, price better her.  Box cam a lil mangled, gland it was bagged inside.
0,Perfect fit.
0,This worked as advertised. I was able to shoot it 4-5 times at different wasp nests. For the price though I figured out  I was able to use soapy water and a garden sprayer to achieve the same effect.
0,Rather small, but the birds love it, and very well made.
0,Took a few minutes to fill in the basement but it is pretty well built for what it is.
0,What can I say, this stuff works.  Very well.  My tomato plants thrived on it, they grew quickly and flowered well.  When I was unable to get out and fertilize, I could see the difference almost immediately.  It worked well on my pepper plants as well.  I will definitely use this again next year.
0,Fits weedeater.
0,Use this every time I fire up the grill.  Have owned it for five years, and it has held up very well.  Make sure to clean out the bristles, and empty the water reservoir after each use.
0,So far, so good.  Very easy to program.  Yes the multi water thing is strange, but for us OK.  The connector block is difficult, but only need to do this once.  Nice you can easily turn off irrigation without unplugging.
0,The best, for what I was doing.
0,perfect fit
0,Good price for OEM replacements.
0,Grandkids will love this
0,It's reasonably priced and smooth-working.  I had been using the Dramm 12353 Heavy-Duty Brass Shut-Off Valve.  However, the wildly high price for that hunk of metal just got too much to justify.  This Gilmour valve resolved two problems I had with the Dramm valve:  price and the unpredictable on/off handle.  The Gilmour has the same ball mechanism as the Dramm, but the on/off handle on the Gilmour is not at all as likely to snag and cause the valve to open or close unexpectedly.  Yes, there is some plastic that may deteriorate over many seasons, but the brass is the equal to valves costing much more.  For my money, this valve is a bargain.
0,I  love them
0,this is the best thing we got to feed the birds.  It works great
0,I bought 4 for my deck chairs, one of which came with some threading undone, so I had to replace it.  The fabric is thick and feels better than the price of the product.  The inside of the covers are lined with a water proof material, but I have a feeling that over time, this layer will wear away.  Size is fantastic, large and easily wraps around my extra large deck chairs.  Overall, good product, just not quite a five star.
0,This worked like a champ. Very easy to operate. Just make sure you read and understand instructions before operating it.
0,Wow! We bought this for our travel trailer and now use it at home as well. I can't imagine a better unit. We use it with a 5 gallon portable propane bottle (the exchangeable ones) rather than the little canisters. There are just the two of us to cook for but it could handle 5 or six steaks! We have a large BBQ also but we pretty much only use it parties and big gatherings. This one is very easy to clean and keeps an even temperature and is very well made. It gets a strong five star rating.
0,A little tight though.
0,It's greatly reduced squirrel interest (although ONE squirrel seems to have developed a taste for "Mexican" ... go figger) and the birds are loving it.		Note that this product uses *habanero* pepper. Another product we tried uses *cayenne* pepper, which we found completely ineffective: the squirrels feasted on the stuff, probably because cayenne just isn't hot enough.		This product, though, keeps all but one of our local tree rats away, while bringing all of our local (mid-Atlantic) birds in quite well.
0,We have this hanging in our chicken coop.  It is easy to fill and the girls eat from it with ease.
0,Great quality flapper for replacement in a toilet
0,We took these on a summit hike with us. The only down side to this item is the smell. WOW- do they smell BAD!!!! We actually had to leave them outside overnight, as the smell was just too much. But they will do their job- blow in the wind- and greet other hikers as they summit, where we hiked.
0,Goog
0,Planted late spring, good yield and great tasting.
0,I have a Weber grill and used this for first time. This worked great and even better than the Weber brush. I like how the handle is long and angled. This allowed me to clean entire grilling area while keeping hands away from heat and hot metal. The handle seems to made to last and is very comfortable to use. The extra wide brush allows for easier cleaning and faster cleaning.	I was provided a free sample in exchange for my honest review.		Update 06/05/2014	After several uses this is my new favorite brush. This brush is very well made and works great at cleaning the grill. I have a Webster E-330 Natural gas grill. This brush is nice and wide and allows for quicker cleaning than most brushes.
0,I took advantage of the warm weather we have been experiencing here and I cleared a lot of the shrub beds around my house.  I found a lot of weeds starting to grow.  I sprayed all the weeds and the majority of them are drying up and dying.  The nettle weeds just laughed at this product, but the spots of crabgrass and other weeds are definitely on their last legs!
0,perfect
0,The planter is sitting in front of my deck and looks so nice. It was easy to put together; it arrived in two pieces and you had to take out two screws before slotting the two parts together and then replacing the screws. I found one of the screws was too tight for me to remove but my son easy fixed that using one of his tools.
0,Ive worked with EPDM sheets before so I know what to expect and just how tough it should be; very tough!  This Beckett EPDM pond liner is as thick and tough as any Ive used.  Im not sure how to describe just how heavy-duty it is, but if you're unfamiliar with this stuff Ill invent a theoretical example to convey it:  if you were to lay this stuff down on a smooth dirt road and drive a pick-up truck over it ten times Id say there would be a very good chance there would be no punctures.  Or as another theoretic example, doing the same on a  aggregate base gravel road Id wager you could drive over it at leave once with no punctures.  It would be scratched, but I don't think it would rip.  Used as a pond liner youll want to remove rocks and maybe spread a layer of sand before placing the liner - theres no reason to take chances  but this isn't a material that you're going to tear accidentally or through normal use.  That said, it can be cut to whatever shape or size you need with a box-cutter type blade.		If you need to join sheets of EPDM be sure you use the right glue or tape; most won't work well enough to form a waterproof or otherwise reliable seal.  If you're joining pieces that must be waterproof you might also want to fold it over on itself with glue/tape between the folds, but a company that sales pond supplies should be able to advise you in that regard.  (Maybe Beckett, but I don't know.)  I just googled EPDM sealer and got 196,000 results, so no problem there.  There is EPDM glue/sealer thats not toxic to fish.		Thats about it.  This is a very tough material thats easy to work with, although in my experience I think its easier when its warm rather than cold.		I received this liner at a discount in exchange for testing and writing this review, but I wasn't asked or expected to write anything other than my honest opinion.  In this case theres not really any judgement involved because this liner is as thick and rugged as it should be.  High recommendation, easy five stars.
0,Thanks
0,great for healing up bald spots and the chickens like them too. You should see them strut.
0,Good, reliable product. Does what it claims. I broke my first blade, but not because of a flimsy product. I beat the crap out of it	on rocks and metal fence posts. It still took the beating before finally breaking. I will be more careful with future uses.
0,The is the best Hose nozzle I have ever had. It is more powerful than expected. I bought 6 of them for me and my children. You can not go wrong with it.
0,Great ladder for my48 intex.  Child proof
0,LOVE IT--PERFECT FOR SPACE AND HOSE FITS IN IT  SO EASILY!
0,Planted six seeds, got two plants, not the best germination rate but that is the plant--not the seeds!  My wife is in love with this WEED--once you get it started, it is very prolific and with a little fertilizer, it explodes!!
0,I use this to mulch oak and maple leaves for my compost pile. It is basically and upside-down weed whacker. It has a replaceable plastic cutting string, which I only had to replace once (when my husband inadvertently through in some plastic scraps).  It has settings from chunky pieces to practically dust. The whole thing is lightweight so I can place it right on my compost pile and bring a wheelbarrow of leaves right to the mulcher and have it mulch right into the pile. There is an elastic band around the bottom opening which allows you to attach and catch all the mulched leaves in a garbage bag. That works fine too, if you want to bring the mulcher to the leaves instead.	Downsides? The mulcher has fallen over once or twice after being bumped (because it is lightweight) and the black funnel part popped off. It's easy enough to put on, but it does show how cheaply made it is. BUT it does work well and does a good job, so I'm not sure that the plastic manufacturing is really much of a downside. I think I'd rather have it lightweight for my purposes. Lastly, it's loud - but not so loud that you dread turning it on.	To me, it's totally worth the money and it does a good enough job that I have no regrets on buying it. I have recommended it to others.
0,this was a nice flag, I would probably buy this again. would you buy another one for me please. goodbye.
0,Works as advertised, saves wading through shrubs to trim adjacent shrubs
0,Fits my oversized patio heater dome well.  For those of you that own a commercial grade patio heater with a large top dome you know the benefit is better heat reflection, but the issue is finding a cover that fits the heater.  This is a very well made, sturdy cover.  Not lightweight at all as some of the previous covers I've tried to use on my heater.  Only issue is they initially shipped me the wrong cover due to no fault of their own.  I believe the boxes came from the manufacturer mislabeled.  I called and received prompt customer service and was promised the correct cover once they arrived in stock.  They stuck to their word and sent the correct cover.  AZ Patio Heaters LLC...Nice job!
0,Easy to work with, lightweight, and works perfectly with the Gardena edger.
0,Bought this to replace one worn out on my weed eater. Exactly like original and now I have a replacement when needed.
0,UPDATE May 17, 2018:  OK, I now know with certainty how much phosphate this adds to your pool.  After my experience described in my original review below, I used SeaKlear Phosphate Remover to get the phosphate levels below 250 ppb. Then I used one bottle of Pool Stain Treat to remove some residual stains, and it worked great, as usual.  After a couple of days I re-tested for phosphates using the Taylor Technologies Phosphate Test Kit, and the levels were slightly over 1,000 ppb (in my 35,000 gallon pool).  I used one quart of SeaKlear which took the levels back below 250 ppb (about "ideal level").  My recommendation is that if you use this product, plan on following up after a couple of days by using at least one quart of SeaKlear for every bottle of this you use (see my review on SeaKlear Phosphate Remover for tips on how to use it).		Original Review:		This works extremely well but may put the phosphate levels in your pool off the charts, literally.  If you buy this, you should also buy a phosphate test kit and some phosphate remover (more on those later).		I have a huge problem with leaves in the Fall and pollen in the Spring staining my white fiberglass stairs.  I've been using this product for years to remove the stains and it works better than anything else I've tried.  I shut the pool pump off and let the water settle for a few hours, then sprinkle some of this evenly over the stairs.  They whiten before your eyes.  I notice that the manufacturer has recently changed the instructions to specifically say NOT to use it this way, instead to pre-dilute, but I've never had a problem with direct application.		This year I also had some pretty bad leaf stains on my vinyl liner as well, which this product removed from the area around the stairs, so I added some additional, a total of 2.5 bottles for a 35,000 gallon pool.  Made the ENTIRE liner look like new, even the white plastic drain cover and skimmer openings.  My pool looked FANTASTIC - clear, blue and sparkling - for a few days.  Then, literally overnight, it was the color and clarity of pea soup.  I had the mother of all algae blooms going on.		Took a water sample to the local pool store and the phosphates (which are basically "superfood" for algae) were over 6,000 ppb - not sure how much over as 6,000 is as high as the test went! ("Ideal" level is 125 ppb.) Now, I'm not saying that all of those phosphates came from this product - they can come from many sources such as leaves (my original problem) and other pool chemicals and cleaners - and I probably had residual buildup from using it every year, but it's well known that this product will raise phosphate levels (see the other reviews).  This last heavy dose must have put things over the edge and caused the algae bloom.		It took almost three quarts of SeaKlear Phosphate Remover (available on Amazon for one third the cost at the pool store) to get the levels back below 250 and my pool is clear again.  I also invested in a Taylor Technologies K-1106 Phosphate Test Kit (also on Amazon, and much more precise and accurate than the test strips) so I could cut the pool store out of the deal and stop getting ripped off. (See my review of the SeaKlear for some tips on how to use it.)		Now that the pool has cleared up, I notice that there is again some mild staining on the stairs, which I think is from the algae bloom.  I'll use this product again (judiciously) to remove them, but this time I'll be armed and ready for Phosphate Wars.
0,still testing.
0,all I can say is these things work like magic!  and my cats  sense that they work and  sleep near them....  I would recommend these to any pet owner!
0,Some other review say this isn't very well made. It is sturdy and works as advertised. It's a lot easier than getting on your hands and knees with a pointed stick and a funnel. Got rid of my gopher.
0,This was very inexpensive and works well.  It was easy to install.  Note that this is normally sold with the bolts not tapped.  The three bolts that hold this in place are already tapped and ready to go.  Be careful, because the mower parts places do not provide this feature.  This is the entire assembly so you don't have to worry about tapping the blade bolt and bearing out.  Again, the mower parts places sell this as three separate pieces.  Your time is too valuable.  Pay less, get the whole assembly, and complete the installation quickly.
0,I am very happy with this chair cover.  It fit my wicker rocker, no problem.  I like the material.  I bought several different budge covers--one for the ottoman, my glider, and my rocker.  They all fit nicely--roomy, not too tight--and they have tie-downs.
0,I really liked the concept, to keep the new very compact expandable hoses out of the sun and weather, but right there at the hose. Like that it is well-made, heavy fabric, and draining grommets at the bottom of the bag. Quality construction, and great concept.  I think it could be improved by not adding velcro to the top of the bag, as these hoses one will store in the bags are all wrapped in a woven fabric on the outside, and you have to be very careful not to drag the hose across the industrial strength velcro, as it will catch the fabric and pull it from the hose.  Seems like overkill to have so much velcro on it; I think a snap to hold the top together would suffice, and save the hose that you spend $$ on from unnecessary damage.
0,I have tried traps, smokers, vibrators, etc. with no luck. These work.  You need to be cautious in handling the 'worms' as they are poisonous. Wear disposable gloves if possible.  You must follow the instructions carefully for them to work.  If you do as instructed the moles will be gone.  Understand that you may have more than one mole, so you may have to repeat the procedure a time or two.  These baits are not cheap, but they do work and perform well.  I recommend this product.
0,Nice and big!  Just the size I was hoping for!
0,Plant arrived in good shape and has been transplanted and doing well !
0,This Hudson sprayer is everything that I had	hoped for.  It has a good gasket seal and is	easy to use.		One thing, if using Clorox or other bleach,	do not let solution sit in tank for a long	time.  The brass nozzles will start to build	up a blue corrosion and will need to be disassembled	to clean them.		This was not a fault of the sprayer....just a	fault of the owner.  I should have cleaned it	after use.		Val Garon	Prairieville, La
0,perfect idea for shredding!
0,Good price...
0,Excellent product. Perfect match for my Black & Decker 20V string trimmer. My model is LST420 and it is a perfect match!  IT DOES COME WITH SPRINGS!
0,<div id="video-block-R2P57CM5G29ZZY" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1TmbJ32noS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71XGBxZ5zmS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;These chimes are BEAUTIFUL. Until I received these as a gift, I only had smaller chimes (Woodstock + others) and now I understand the power of larger, more expensive chimes. These chimes are silver with light wood accents and are generous at 58" long, but quite narrow in diameter.		We have these Westminster Chimes on our lanai, as well as a set of Chimes of Neptune, and the two are a lovely pair. The Westminster chimes are loud, clear, and very much like a church-bell. I wouldn't say they are low (the Neptune Chimes are much lower), but they have a full rich sound. They also chime liberally- not enough to make your neighbors hate you, but enough that the smallest of breezes will move them so soft chimes become the background music to your day. They ring often and beautifully.		I've uploaded a short video of my chimes ringing, so you can get a sense of the sound. I apologize for video quality- I used my iPhone for capture. You can also visit Woodstock's website at woodstock DOT com to hear clear samples of all their chimes, so you can choose the best chime for you and your home.		Enjoy!		<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Woodstock-Percussion-DCB54-Chimes-of-Neptune-Bronze/dp/B00012NFWC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Woodstock Percussion DCB54 Chimes of Neptune - Bronze</a>
0,Mounted permanently on top my cargo trailer for charging two 6-volt deep cycle batteries. I also have two 50 watt renogy panels that I hinged together for portable use with same trailer.  Will combine with above for even faster charge.  These are solidly well built and put out rated power.  Even in low light conditions output is surprising.
0,Amazing price and speedy delivery !
0,Realy hope this take off they are for memories of my mom
0,They do the job.  Thank  You.
0,Item arrived as promised and as expected.	Great buy, item fit and worked as the original	Filter, but at half the cost.
0,Works very well.
0,helps a lot with your filter
0,Super Blue Clarifier.	Works very fast and well. Attaches to micro particulates that cause much of the cloudiness. Once the particles are larger the filter can take care of them, removing them from the water. Also is non-toxic, non-irritating, biodegradable. Also clears oils from water.
0,They cover our two rocking chairs on our patio perfectly. Unfortunately the wind still is capable of knocking the chairs over, but the covers have remained on!
0,There were a lot more than 100 seeds in this package.	Shipping was quick.		As others have mentioned, this is not spinach, it is orach. Used the same way for food, but it's a different species.
0,You can see the results within 24 hours.  Weeds are wilting and drying up from the root.  Grass is much greener than the neighbors within a week.
0,Plants came well packaged and healthy.
0,Equal to factory handle. No issues installing it as I had a Torx tool kit.
0,great value...Good qualityAAA
0,<div id="video-block-RSCYKG2OO2KDC" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/F124aY--DLS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/71sCxSpt25S.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;Highlights of my video review:		1.  Very compact and light	2.  Large Display that shows Humidity and Temperature, Min/Max and Celsius/Fahrenheit	3.  Accurate	4.  Probe allows you to spot check different areas of your incubator and also keep the display outside your incubator for easy viewing - this also makes it possible for me to monitor several incubators at the same time when I use my baby monitor.	5.  Wish the cable wasn't on the bottom since it likes to interfere with the stand and balance of the display, knocking it over - but it's easily fixed.	6.  Wish the cable was longer to give even more versatility - the current length is just enough.	7.  1-2032 battery included	8.  Display can be mounted by magnet, or it has a little stand too.		Love this product.  It has made it to my "must-have" list for incubators.  Highly recommended.		UPDATE  5/13/15:		I bought a Brinsea Spot Check and tested it out today.  Found out that the IncuTherm Plus states a consistently higher temperature than the Brinsea.  I'm collecting data across my 3 incubators and comparing the stated temperatures between 2 Accurites, Hovabotor Digital Display, 1 IncuTherm Plus, and 1 Egg-O-Meter.  It's driving me crazy that every unit states a different temperature.  For example, the IncuTherm is stating 100.8 F vs Brinsea 99.5.  The probes are always within an inch of each other and at the same height level.		I think the Brinsea IS more accurate because my last batch of eggs hatched a tad late.  I have another batch due on Friday, and every week this month.  The Accurite states a lower temp so my batches were consistently a couple days early.  The Brinsea is in the middle of the two.  The Hovabator 1588 display seems to run a bit low as well, which is surprising because I would have guessed it would run high since the sensors were so close to the heating element, but what do I know.		So at this time, it is my conclusion that the IncuTherm does state the temperature to be about 1 degree higher than the Brinsea...and I do believe the Brinsea is more accurate according to hatch dates/times.		Despite this, I still love the IncuTherm Plus and have ordered two more.  I love it over the Brinsea Spot Check because 1.  It has a better display, magnetic mount, stand, hygrometer and comes to temperature a lot quicker than the Brinsea.  The Brinsea has only 1 advantage - it's more accurate.  What I do now is set my incubators according to the Brinsea and see what temperature the IncuTherm Plus states.  Then I can use all the advantages of both.  You will find that you can own 5 different $300.00 digital thermometer/hygrometers and have them all display different values.  There is a lot of factors that go into play. I'm happy with the range that these $20.00 units are giving me and if I use them all in conjunction with each other, I feel I have an acceptable range to work with.		I received a free product in order to provide my fair and honest review - but I ordered two more that I am paying for on my own.  If there are any questions, please feel free to leave me comments below and I will do my best to answer them.
0,I bought it for a spare when the one on the watering can wears out. Good quality and I was happy to find out that Amazon carried the spare part.
0,Grass is growing great
0,These are so cute. Sadly the one with the green stone had a broken off wing when it arrived. I didn't return as would have to send all back and my granddaughter loves them. They came packaged well so I don't know what happened.  When we were unwrapping them my granddaughter said "we have to be careful because fairies are fragile" .  We were careful but the poor fairy had a broken wing.  I don't know what kind of glue to use to fix her so if any one knows please advise.
0,What can I say. They are just as expected
0,Perfect Condition, on time, as described, as promised...
0,the cushion is good and a nice thick pad.  Unfortunately it doesn't fit my glider perfectly so I am not thrilled with it but if it had fit I would have loved it.  Check the sizes carefully.
0,Happy with the results so far.  Tomato plants came up quickly and I'm growing mimosa sprouts.
0,Perfect pad for gardening.
0,Three months after planting it looks great!!! Compare the two photos. One taken when planted and the other a few months later. All three are bright green and look perfect.
0,This sprinkler is lightweight and covers a HUGE area. Helped to fill in the my lawn where the grass wasn't growing. Would definitely buy again!
0,I've tried a variety of different seeds and I have to say this one is my favorite! I've seen birds at the feeder that I haven't seen in years including a goldfinch in the redheaded woodpecker. More sunflower seeds that I've seen and most brands.  I feel like I got good value for my money and great entertainment for myself and my three-year-old grandson.
0,Just what I needed	thanks
0,I was very pleased with this item as well as the speed of delivery.
0,Fine
0,Chicken liked it!
0,Works as stated
0,I have an "egg" grill. It has cast iron grates that were very difficult to clean. This brush fixed my problem and cleaning the grill is now a breeze
0,Worked as advertised
0,I've been looking for a new hose nozzle for awhile and have bought many before yet none has really satisfy me.  My husband even bought me a set with the hose nozzle and sprinkler in it, they work OK but not as well as i wanted. When i received an offer to buy this hose nozzle at a discounted price to exchange for am honest and unbiased review ayer using it, i decided to give it a try.	When i received this house nozzle in the mail, it felt like opening a jewelry box instead of opening a box with a hose nozzle inside.  The container is fancy, the hose nozzle was laid in a secure, form fitting foam, the kind that you cab only find when you buy an expensive chinas or crystals.	The hose nozzle itself is made of high quality material, the handle is very comfortable to hold, it has good curves that for my hands nicely and also give me good grip.	To turn on and off, or to change the water pressure, all i have to do is move the lever on top of the hose nozzle.  It can goes from super strong flow to a weak, soft flow.	It has 10 different adjustments to choose from to get your perfect desire. My son loves the mist because it is not too strong and it feel almost like soft light rain.	The options are easy to turn and change, it doesn't take much effort to change them.  The flow of the water are uniform, and evenly coming out of the nozzle.	All on all, i am very happy i picked this nozzle. It is now my favorite hose nozzle, and it feel very sturdy may well last a long time .	I would suggest this to all my friends and family
0,I was expecting a pool cover that fastened or something over and around the sides. This is just a huge circle of bubble wrap....BUT it does warm up the water. I'm not sure how I feel about it. But it's easy for one person to take it off and on.
0,Great grill partner
0,These are prettier than I anticipated they'd be. I kind of expected plastic, even though the words crystal and glass were used in the description! I received the Chandelier Icicle Crystals in Pink at no cost to review and they are actually quite stunning. These can be used for any number of creative and crafty ways.		The glass is nearly flawless and the colors are gorgeous. The connectors look nice, but they are are rather cheap. You can literally only bend them two times at most. I had to rebend one while hanging them and it is already cracked through. It didn't break all the way off yet, but it will. But for the quality of the crystals themselves and the very low cost of these, I don't mind that. I can replace them with any number of decorative wires or different connectors. These would be gorgeous hanging on a window scarf where the light would refract through the glass. Hang them fro mthe edge of a decorative bowl for a lovely display for a party, bridal shower or reception. I like the idea of hanging them at staggered lengths from a hoop of a wonderful light-catching porch decoration.		The only issue I had with the ones I recieved is one of them is cracked. It is not broken and I tugged and pushed against it a little to see if it would just snap off, but it did not. I didn't notice until I was looking at the photos I took. I'm not absolutely sure it if it was packed that way, if it happened in shipping or from my handling of them, but it is the only one out of twenty. I am very impressed with what I received and I will be ordering more to use in some craft ideas.
0,Used it yesterday... had to adjust the dosage because my sprayer only comports 1 gallon, but it worked wonders.  I had to kill very little around a fruit tree... it's dead, less than 24 hours later.  I read in some previous reviews that the smell was overwhelming.  That's not true, it's very pleasant.
0,Easy to fill.  And the birds have been making great use of it.
0,Fit perfect and beautiful! Excellent quantity	Thanks
0,Works very well
0,I use it all the time!
0,Works great with the 3in. chlorinated tablets
0,Good solid stakes
0,Best trimming snippers ever.
0,Great flexability and so far the heat and sun has not effected the hose at all but time will tell.
0,They have raised edges so it collects water not rigid
0,I have purchased several of these thermometers.	What do I like? They are about TEMPERATURE and HUMIDITY, not time.	WHY do so many thermometers have a HUGE clock? Go buy a clock if that's what you need.	You can easily see these from across a room. Set up four side by side and they all read the same temp and humidity over 24 hours. Great consistency.
0,Overall the flag is just what I wanted. I bought it in May and did not take it out of the package for about six weeks because I had flagpole repairs to do before the 4th of July. When I took it out of the package there were two areas of red smears on the white area of the flag. I emailed Anin inquiring about this and a week later there has been no reply. For us it was too late to return. From a distance it looks okay. But when you are anywhere close it's pretty obvious. We will leave it but when replacing we will look at other options based on the lack of response from Anin. I waited a week to post the review hoping to hear from Anin.	Updated review to five stars based on the excellent response from the Anin customer service folks. They do stand behind their products.
0,everything was great as was as described in the ad.
0,This stuff works miracles. I used it on a number of different citrus trees in my garden which have been attacked for years by citrus leaf miners. I had read that it's hopeless. Just let the miners do their damage and the plants will probably survive. But my trees were doing terribly! This neem oil got rid of the miners within weeks. And my citrus are finally flourishing. One of the trees now has lots of blossoms, for the first time!	Thank you!
0,This stuff is great. Shake the bottle a little before you use it.  Really give your plants what they need. Remember take it easy on the nutes. When making the foliage spray remember less is more and do it with the lights off. SEEDLINGS and plants under 3 weeks old DO NOT need nutes. Enjoy
0,Large enough to fold over a portion. Keeps dirt out and warmed pool for extra weeks of swim time plus early start of the season.
0,I really like this machine. It was very easy to assemble (not much to do) and set up for use. It DOES have a soap reservoir even though in the description comparison chart it said this model did not. It's a handsome machine and although I have had other pressure washers before I find this one to be more convenient to use. The hose storage reel on the handle works well and I especially like the all in one nozzle that allows use to change the width of the stream without having to actually detach and reattach another.  The large wheels make it easy to move around. Although this is the first I've heard of Subaru making small engines I am anxious to see how it holds up in the long run. I would definitely recommend this pressure washer to anyone buying one.
0,This is the third of these covers we have purchased and we love them. Our previous two held up outside all year long in the elements and completely covered and protected our chairs (for 3 yrs now). They wipe off easy for clean up and are easy to put on and remove. I will continue to buy from this seller who we have had great experiences with, and their great products.
0,Fits my 30-inch Masterbuilt smoker great. Good product.
0,My neighbors are all envious of these flags.
0,Great price for 40lbs
0,They work but only for certain sprouts
0,This is a great pump for the money, I asked my son to order it on his prime account needed it the next day. The pump provided sufficient water flow to make a great looking waterfall and with only 3 feet of head to push the pump delivers 50 GPM. It quite efficient to the point where it's only increased my electrical by $5.00/month. As you can see in the picture the pump fills an 18" waterfall with plenty of water flow. You have to be careful and not have too much water flow where you skimmer/filter can't take out the waste allowing for the biological filtration to occure.	I would recommend this pump to anyone looking to create a nice waterfall water garden.
0,good fit for Yard Machine 742RL
0,No complaints!
0,i was rather impressed by the power of this saw. i was a bit skeptical at the beginning, however it has great power.great for indoor shop use. i will be comparing it to a new dolmar 64cc 4.7 hp chainsaw also new out of the box, i have put up a video of unboxing and test cut right out of the box feel free to check it out here.[...]the comparison test of the 2 saws will be later on once i get the other saw thank you.
0,Excellent.
0,This is the one I buy the most and I think is the best value. I also get a bag of their sunflower seeds and add them to the blend. Major bird fights over these. Would prefer to use separate seeds to eliminate some of the thug type Birds but with time at a premium this gets everybody fed. Keep separate theater with tiny Earth inch type seeds. Then use suet
0,Very good water dish for baby ducks, etc.  Water stays cleaner and doesn't run out too quickly.  Most importantly, ducklings cannot go swimming in this type of water bowl.  They will always try to swim in their water dish and their big feet tend to flip regular bowls over leaving a huge mess behind.  The only issue I had was that the outer rim could have been 1/2'' higher.  The water fills to 1/4'' from the edge and find that the water easily gets knocked out of the trough.  I placed the whole dish/water bottle inside another plastic dish (one from Chinese food take-out), just to keep the water inside the trough.  It would be a far better design if the outside was higher.
0,Works grand
0,This is not the cheap plastic brackets I'm used to buying. It's solid, and looks awesome.
0,This was a very painless purchase. I found the product to be exactly what the seller claimed. I have had a hard time connecting hoses to this type of adapter in the past, but it was very easy with the 4 way hose connector. The little levers that control the water flow work smoothly and easily. I have not found anything not to love about this connector. The delivery time was great. I would not hesitate to make another purchase from this seller.
0,When up easy.  Just need to wait until next year to see if we get any martins!
0,Great little cleaner. I have size 14 boots and it does a great job
0,So far so good it seems to be of good quality the true test will be a season of watering the plants in my back yard	  Thanks Gil
0,Very surprised how long battery mafe it mostly full speed.  Managed to cut about 400 feet of fence line with one bar left. Fast charger would probably be good purchase.
0,I loved the cement color.  It is a durable product and this 26 inch size was great.  I put many red geraniums in it and between the red and gray, it is very attractive.  Due to the largeness of the product, more plants can be placed in it.  I didn't realize you could purchase a planter this large.  I will recommend to others.
0,i,m very pleased with the detector and have had good success with it.
0,Very pleased with the gauge of the wire used to make these staples.  They work perfectly for pinning my soaker hoses where I want them in the garden.  Excellent value, will buy again.
0,great price
0,These planters were very reasonably priced. We bought 9 planters, altogether. We put a planter between each new tree we planted, with impatience in them. They look really beautiful and are a great asset to our back yard.
0,I purchased these carrots seeds on June 10 and I planted them a few weeks later I was a bit concerned at first that it won't sprout since it sprouted 4 days ago I will purchase more in the future !
0,Not bad for an inexpensive sprinkler. I bought 3 at one shot, since I had patches of new sod scattered all over the yard. The Orbits are easy to adjust, lightweight, and do the job just fine.
0,Very heavy duty, and very sharp. They are easy to install.
0,Does the job at a good price.
0,It fit my 6'4" 300 lb husband and seemed to be good quality. We are brand new to bee keeping and these are our first suits.
0,This spinner was beloved by all the kids in my neighborhood. The wheels spin very easily and it was a really fun addition to my yard for Halloween. It was easy to assemble and comes in a great package that can be re-used for storage.
0,Use it to hold birdseed and suet feeders in my tree. Really good for large limbs.
0,The bunny is nice looking and made well.  It has a drainage hole, which is a big plus.  But it is very small.  The item description gives the right measurements, but because of the ears and curves of the body it is actually very tiny.  A very small cactus is about the only plant that can be planted in it.  I think it was too expensive for it's size.
0,This hose appears extremely well made.  We will see how long it will last.
0,Plenty of power and easy to use.
0,These appear to be working well.  They are very easy to use.
0,Good product. Is not raccoon proof.
0,I bought this at one of the big box stores and it's worth the $100 that I paid for it. I mounted it to a Troy Bilt power head and hang on. This thing will drag you around when at full power. I'm not sure it will work on super hard rocky soil or the red clay that's in texas. When tilling the soil with grass and weeds , they will wrap around the tine shafts. All you need to do is pull the quick release pin out & remove each tine along with the weeds. Re assemble and away you go.
0,This nozzle is exactly as describe in write ups.  It has a variety of water patterns from full soaking to hard steady stream.  You can expect water to come out of the hose a full throttle unless you reduce it manually.  My first attempt to use it was with a small diameter hose and they are not the best to use for a nozzle that uses a standard hose.  The small diameter would not permit pressure buildup inside the hose and therefore the exit of water was at a much smaller volume than a standard hose.  No big thing.  Then I used the standard hose and the nozzle would at best take the stream over the second story of the house with no problems.  While the stream was not a great as I would like it at least got there thusly making this nozzle super for getting at the upper windows.  Next, I placed the nozzle on the front of a hose end sprayer to test its ability to handle liquid weeder, fertilizer or detergent.  It did far better than the nozzle that comes with the hose end sprayer.  Old happy gardener.  When comparing the price of the unit to other available sprayers of similar quality I would have to go with some of the cheaper ones that are made of metal and not plastic.  Some, however, plastic sprayers are not all that bad and one heckuva lot cheaper than the almost $25 for this nozzle.  While it is not perfect, it does the job for what I specifically want to use it for.  Also, I used it on the truck to clean it and it did a decent job except in an effort to preserve water it is something of a pain to have to screw the nozzle each time you want to cut the water off.  In fact, it is doubtful that this nozzle will see vehicle washing again.
0,Really improves the skimming "power", recommend it.
0,Nice stand, doesn't take away from the gazing ball.
0,Seeds germinated under 24hrs and have shown strong growth even since
0,fit smoker perfect
0,I used to constantly fight those self feeding trimmer heads. I thought this was another gimmicky cure but I was wrong! This is the best trimmer attachment I've ever used. I have a very big yard and I don't have to stop at all to mess with the string. I would definitely recommend this product
0,works great
0,AAA+++
0,Love this item so much i bought another. Very durable and well made
0,More expensive than the 1 pound bags that is suppose to be the same. Still a great product.
0,Awesome. Takes away chlorine smell in water
0,So far so good.  It has been getting up a lot of the rust deposit from our water.  The only thing I have a problem with is it seems to stay in one spot too long.
0,Very nice happy with it
0,Cool light! I have used this for more that the use it was made for!
0,These are good for smokers and handling meat, but are not insulated enough for a grill ... at all.
0,I love Fiskars but these like to stick.  I thought maybe it needed some WD-40 but that didn't help.  As soon as you close them, they stay that way unless you use both hand to pull them apart again.  Maybe after a couple seasons of heavy use, they will loosen up?
0,Great!!!
0,It works fine, no problems
0,This shovel works good on my driveway & side walk . Its a little heavy. If your surfaces are made so you don't have to lift all the time . It should work for you.
0,Looks really nice and strong
0,Would give 7 stars!! Wife says I have to many snow shovels pushers. Told her they are like fishing poles, one for each purpose! The Garant NPP26KDU comes in 2 models, one with poly only blade and the Hardwood Handle with metal strip! Always look for metal rivets near bottom of blade to tell. I have both and the metal strip can gouge my driveway and sticks to ice and driveway joints. Have used this NPP26KDU poly only blade for many years. Although snow pusher, works wonderful on smooth driveway and out in the street. All poly blade will get UNDER the snow, slush or ice and pull it right off the frozen concrete. Also use it on our back wood deck so pooch can get down stairs to do his business. All poly blade never gouges wood either! My neighbors struggle with their aluminum or steel bottom pushers when layer of ice on concrete. My inexpensive 26 all Poly gets down to it easily. The blade is not cheap either! Although a pusher blade, I push, then lift and throw onto lawn. Works great when only ice or slush and blade does not flex, bend or crack As with any poly only blade, rough surfaces such as pebble driveways will wear the bottom quick. On semi-rough and all other surfaces mentioned above, I get 2 full Winters out of the 100% poly blade and even with keeping rough City street down to pavement, the bottom of blade lasts an amazingly long time. I mean, I am brutal with this model in regards to what I should be using a solid steel blade on. The 26 inch blade is also a perfect size for getting down to pavement after my passed with Snow Blower. Have used this particular model for several years, being my favorite all purpose blade. It is not designed for lifting large piles of snow, slush, ice. It is designed for "pushing" a certain amount, then picking up smaller pile and throwing like a shovel. I use mine when there is up to 2" of wet damp snow, just push and throw in shorter distances. Always bring out 2 stronger shovels just in case, but rarely have needed them. If you want a multi-purpose snow pusher shovel for what is described above, then get the Garant NPP26KDU POLY ONLY blade. When storing all poly blades, make sure blade is elevated or laying flat so Summer heat does not warp blade. I have the Garant with Steel blade at bottom. Used it 2 times, kept it on my deck with outside temp 10 degrees. Went out in morning and both corners cracked where steel blade is riveted onto poly. For warranty, contact Ames True Temper Customer Service at 1-800-833-3068 or customerservice@ames.com. My Garants were mfg in Canada and I see some now come from California. Since mine is a Garant, I did Google Search for warranty contact. Noticed on their "contact us" form it asked for "province". Called Garants toll free and they provided info for Ames True Temper in the States for warranty. Ames sending replacement for cracked model with steel strip.
0,Works like a charm.
0,great
0,This is my first time growing sprouts. I decided to eat healthier and bought spouts at the store but found out that due to recalls and cleanliness issues spouts were hard to find. I decided to grown my own. I ordered the Victorio seed sprouting tray and my first crop was the alfalfa seed spouts that were included in with the trays. Now I have spread out to growing four crops at once. It is possible to start seeds a day or two apart so you have staggered crops. I also take my grown spouts and store them in the refrigerator. They will easily store for a few days. It is so easy to grow seeds in this spouter and easy to water them. I have included a picture of my four crops growing at once. Love it!
0,I switched to a Black and Decker plug in trimmer because the battery model was giving me problems with getting a full re-charge on the batteries.  This plug in model is very powerful and the auto feed on the string works very well.  The draw backs are that it is super loud and there is no swivel head for edging.  You have to flip the whole unit over which is awkward.  But it does what I want it to do very well so all in all, I'm pleased with my purchase.
0,Does what its supposed to do.
0,Same as original transmitter.
0,We haven't had a sunny enough day for it to be effective yet. People say it works, but I should've got the one specifically for my intex, not sun2solar. Its not too hard to put on by yourself, but you have to think w your head. Going to build a pvc pipe holder for it like the other review. Hard to roll back up. Sticks to itself. Does well keeping most tree messes out of the pool.
0,I probably missed the part that said this stuff needed to be plugged in when i ordered it. Which is weird in 2017, for this to NOT be battery operated. But, it works great. 5 stars!
0,Use this all year long
0,Fits well, easy to install and a very good price.
0,Just one spool lasts 6 years on 1000sqft yard.
0,great!!
0,A good gnome. Kind of light. Solid plastic of some type.
0,Was very pleased with the flag pole kit.  Install easy and was complete except for the flag pole snap hooks.
0,Love the look and quality
0,Cuts evenly makes lawn look gorgeous after. Easy to use not a heavy machine. Battery life last forever and only takes 20 minutes to fully recharge. That said the starting mechanism is weak, Had to change unit 2 times breaking within a few weeks of using it each time. This unit seems to be ok so far. Also watch it when dealing with Greenworks directly. When you order things from NC they bill it through Canada and charge your credit card a foreign transaction fee. Everyone's got a scam how not to pay their taxes except us the taxpayer!
0,Good product
0,Perfect fit and great quality replacement ..., will definitely make future purchases here next time when needed for my pool
0,Works just like the previous one.  They last a long time considering chlorine sits in them.  Look cute in the pool we just have to remind the kids ALOT not to touch
0,Great for this barbecue
0,Good price
0,exactly what I needed !
0,90% Germination rate so not bad, growing like mad.
0,Excellent price on this product and exactly as advertised
0,So far so good.
0,These are good for protecting your small trees from the weedeater.
0,Fit like a glove on my char-broil grill
0,Use  bird bath. works perfectly
0,Ad advertised. Great price!
0,By far one of my favorite purchases. I couldn't believe how much they wanted for the smallest base model. In my town and nearing towns...they wanted 175 dollars for a 3'x3'x5',this is a puny tent. The tent I received is massive,easy to assemble,and so many exhaust/intake ports I shouldn't have any problems with airflow or humidity. I love this tent and plan on buying the larger model for my next purchase.
0,LOVE this  when I am not home and I can check the weather at my house.	I have it posted on their website for all my neighbors.	works wonderfully  You will not regret it.	All I need now is to the get camera
0,it works as expected and cheaper than homedepot. i had installed for years and no issues so far.
0,Love this grill.  took about 1.5 hours to assemble with me not really rushing.  The assemble instructions are a bit spartan but get the job done.  Once you get it put together, boy howdy is it nice!  I have the natural gas edition and I have discovered that it heats up a bit slower than the LP version did but the heat is nice and even, little to no flair ups, well constructed and looking forward to using for MANY years!!
0,just what I was looking for, but on the expensive side with the postage.
0,great stuff
0,Excellent. Money well spent.  Very well made. From heavy gauge steel. Powder coated.  To last !  Two wrenches and a Allen wrench included. !not hard to put together at all.  Very comfortable !!  This  chair. Came. Half way across the country via fed ex to my front door. Wasn't a scratch on the box  very fast shipping and the Packaging is done very well!!  Great company  great service  excellent product! Thank you best choice products!! Signed happy customer!
0,Works as described. I put diamacious earth in mine. Great for producing a fine stream of powder.
0,my lawn was craving food so i fed it! looks great and its still green and its December!
0,Ballast is still running strong! Not the best reflector though..
0,This is a little smaller than I expected, but it is really cute. I would buy a larger size if I buy another. Using it in front of brick wall to add some character and keep the dog from jumping over the wall. Looks good without plants.
0,Fit and function fine.
0,worked as advertised
0,Beautiful, high quality chimes.  Very pretty display on our back deck.  Very pretty melodic chimes.  I would highly recommend them!!!
0,Was quite impressed how well this thing works. I just use it on my porch so I can sit out there in the evenings without being attacked by bugs and mosquitoes. Was rather impressed how well it worked. Turn it on, sit it next to the chair, and no bites or bugs flying in my face. Would definitely purchase another if/when needed.
0,Pruner is just right for my large, but old hand.	Nice clean cutter.	Good range of cutting diameters, just right for my almost all my cuts		Would recommend
0,This cover met my expectations. I like this artificial rock. It looks real in the flower bed .	I could not be more satisfied.
0,Great product
0,he loves it
0,I like them except some don't stay lighted....they go out after ten or so minutes and I have to relight over and over.
0,Worked as expected!
0,I received this today to go in my suet feeder. The logs worked best for me because this particular feeder can have a log pushed in one side and partially come out the other. The only negative for me is that they are flat on the side that faces the packaging label. I wish they were round on all sides. Those are available for about 3 times the cost. For that, these will work. Just involves a little more clean-up. Birds are here (eastern NC) normally love suet so we will see how these go.
0,THis blower worked great right out of the box. No problems so far easy to start if you follow the instructions and be sure to use the correct mixture of two stroke oil and gasoline. I add some fuel stabilizer (STA-BIL) for added protection. Great Product, Great Price.
0,this cam packaged nicely and growing wonderfully.  Nice big leaves already on its arrival.
0,Perfect to run from the faucet to the sprinkler location.  Black blends in well with my mulch.  No more rolling up hoses all summer!
0,Heard about this company on a radio Garden Show. He was right. They are excellent!
0,does not fit unless u take off lift handle
0,awesome product
0,Great color, very satisfied, flies great too.
0,This is a fine tool for tree trimming.  Though not a child's toy, used according to the directions it is a very effective pruning tool. Advice given by other reviewers bears repeating: do not stand directly underneath a large branch you may be sawing, and, pull the saw blade toward you for the correct way to trim; pushing the saw blade skyward is not effective.  The fiberglass pole is perfect for this trimmer/pruner and the saw's teeth and snipper are very sharp.  The price is quite reasonable and I no longer have to borrow my neighbor's tree trimmer!
0,I live in a suburban area neighborhood in north texas. I can't go outside for 30 without getting at least 10 mosquito bites on my legs. I ordered this and had it on for an entire afternoon and did not get a single mosquito bite. Could not be any happier with thus product. Will be buying as a gift for several people
0,birthday gift for my wife.  many complaints regarding difficulty in putting it together.  we had no problems....put the wheels on last is the	secret.  it took us 30 minutes to put together, easily, step by step and it was done.
0,Excellent
0,These have the same size and shape of the Macabee gopher traps.  Maybe we are lucky to have smaller gophers, but other trap designs are too bulky to go into our house's gopher tunnels (they are not mole or vole tunnels).  These have a longer, slimmer design which usually fit into the tunnels.  The one thing I'm not so sure about is the jaws are not razor sharp.  I don't think it's really necessary to have them be super sharp, but we have killed more than a few of them which were only snagged by the gophers' skin.  Not always do you get them snagged in their guts, sometimes it barely gets them.  And on those occasions, the sharper the jaws, the better.  These are not as sharp, so they are used as backups.
0,fits
0,This is an excellent sturdy cover with elastic at the bottom.  No hole for umbrella.  Be sure to measure properly as the chairs I purchased with my set are a bit larger and higher than the table so it is extremely tight trying to cover a table and two chairs.  It covers the table and one chair perfectly, but I have to get another cover for the other chair.  Next time I will read the dimensions in the description a bit better.  It is a great product for the price and will last a long time!  Measure twice for correct cover!
0,It does the job.
0,After calling my pool guy, and he not showing up  I decided to install the replacement lamps myself	Found a tutorial on you tube, that had great instruction	Bulb worked perfectly, Plus saved money on a pool service fee
0,Bought this for my nephew, as far as I know it was fine
0,Very pretty and looks beautiful but not the most musical of wind chimes.  Still it's a lovely mobile.
0,These work very well for us.
0,Purchased this model brand new without ever knowing how to use a metal detector. It is extremely easy to use, versatile, and lightweight. It works in water, the beach, or the mountains, and anywhere in between.	I have taken it out many times and I always find stuff. The unit has a pin pointer button, which makes finding your target extremely accurate and easy.  Once you hit a target just press pin pointer button and it tells you how many inches deep your target is. It is always accurate at locating targets. Whites MX Sport metal detector takes all the guesswork out of finding targets. This metal detector has been amazing for me and I hope that if you are new to metal detecting like I was, then let this be your first and last metal detector you will ever need.
0,Simply put, this works. But here's the key: follow the directions. Don't wait for your pond to get algae then add a double dose. Keep a measuring cup with the container. If you just do "Chemical Tuesdays" or whatever, then you will stay on top of it. I went to 2.5 gallon so one container will last me all summer.
0,great
0,This was extremely easy to assemble and it works great in my small garden.
0,They work well.
0,Decent clips, they do snap appart if you overextend them, but are easily put back together. They lasted me a grow season so far, and I see no reason they won't last a lot more.
0,Even though some my garden burned up from the heat, nothing got ate, trampled on or ruined and I actually think it saved some of the plants by misting them during the extreme heat.  I used some pipe tape to put the water hose and the attachments together to save on the water bill, to avoid leaking and water deposits from hard water.  Took a complete soaking (on myself)  to get the adjustments down correctly, and my puppy even like teasing it to make the water come on like a kids sprinkler!  Cat's didn't use my garden as a large cat box anymore either!
0,Awesome
0,Great weathervane for the price - looks like a durable finish.  Nice design.
0,Good stuff. Sharp and easy on the hands.
0,These are great.  I purchased 4 of them for my greenhouse vents.  Tired of trying to regulate the temp myself.  They are a bit awkward to install, but once you do one of them you understand and can adjust.  I have not had any problems with them and they help vent my greenhouses on those "in between" days where you need heat at night and cool during the day.
0,Arrived quickly.  Wish the material was a little firmer so you don't have to put so much pressure in scrubbing the tile wall but works well.
0,These "mil" jug containers are great and they are perfect for smaller patch or maintenance jobs. I like how it seems to be easy to use, and easy to store on the garage shelf. The grass seed works great and is high Scotts quality. I have never had an issue with their seeds, either in a bag or a "jug".
0,I added this sensor to my LaCrosse weather station to measure temp and humidity in the crawl space under our house.  This helps me detect plumbing leaks (humidity) or conditions where pipes may freeze.  It was easy to add to my station.  The only negative is that you have to power down the base and all sensors, and power them up in a specific order to get the sensor in the network.  Other than that, it seems accurate and has good range.
0,No complaints with the build quality.  I do my own lawn management and spraying and spreading myself now, saving about 150 dollars a year.  I have used this half a dozen times now across my 1/2 acre.  no signs of deterioration.
0,Very quality tent. Seals well and is strong and Sturdy.
0,a gift...
0,LOVE
0,Love it!!
0,On time,Good Product.
0,Well made heavy fabric.
0,It worked well for sprouting but was messy. When you take the bottom off to empty the water the top trays drip. It took a few times but I found a routine that worked so its not so messy and now I like it.
0,it was perfect match, and for the price (and I did shop around) it was great and shipping was even better.  Thank you
0,I had broken my old Hula-Ho a few years ago and had never found a suitable replacement.  I was flipping through some garden tools on Amazon and there was my old friend.  Works great and is easy on my back.  A couple of minutes with this tool and my weeding is done.
0,Grew up very nicely
0,As advertised
0,These work well enough, although they could have designed the pool cleaner to use bearings that don't wear out every few years.		This worked to repair a wobbly Polaris 360. Just like the original parts.
0,Beautiful!
0,very good
0,very nice.
0,don't have to bend over so much. caution, may catch on root causing injury to hand.  good for fertilizer, tiki lams, anything you have to stick into ground.
0,This is making my first year or raised bed square foot gardening soooo much easier!
0,If you want to supplement your garden soil and make it more amenable, just add vermiculite and mix it up.
0,returned
0,I love it!
0,well made, works great
0,Appropriately named! This is the ONLY feeder I have found that really lures hummingbirds.  It gives them adequate perch space and the nectar is near enough to the feeder holes that they're able to reach it easily to feed.  This is my second Best-1 feeders.  Now I can watch the tiny birds feed outside back and front porches.  Really enjoy them"
0,Nice looking , sturdy structure.  Only one drawback , nothing was assembled . Every piece had to be put in its place sometimes with a little encouragement .  this is a 2-3 hour job or 2 beers depending on how you look at it.  It wasn't easy  but still worth the effort imho.  A occasional gentle rap with a rubber mallet here and there was useful.
0,I didn't even know that a hoe as sharp as this existed!  I was at a friends house helping in the garden and she had one, so that was my newest quest, to find one of these. This thing makes very short work of making a new row for seeds/seedlings/plants.  It will dig down very deeply.  I'm very hard on my garden tools and this has easily held up to everything that I've put it through.  I have a knack for bending tools, but not this one!  The price was right and of course, the delivery was fast, as I'm an Amazon Prime member!
0,Great flag! Ordered a bunch of different flags for a pirate party and this was a really good one. Withstood some super high winds and storms on our little hill. Hate to take them down!!
0,If you have bird houses, you really should have these to protect those babies.
0,Works great
0,I've owned the OBS for about a momth now and have smoked all kinds of meat. It's so simple and easy that I know I will be using it far more frequently than a standard smoker just because it's easy. I'm able to run it on my deck without worry of torching the house since it cooks with electric element.	  One of the cons of this product as I was researching it is that you have to buy Bradley's wood chips (biscuits) to use in the feeder mechanism and the cost associated with that. I don't see that as a problem at all since you'd be spending money for charcoal and or standard wood chips anyway. True that running this unit would be a bit more expensive than another electric smoker. But, it's well worth the additional operating cost to be able to run an overnight smoke without having to get up in the middle of the night several times to add wood for smoke or stoke a fire.	  One last thing....if you're comparing the Original Bradley to the Digital Bradley; buy the Original and purchase the Auber digital PID with it instead of buying the Digital Bradley. The Auber digital component is a plug and play digital temp control unit that is much more accurate than what is provided with the Digital Bradley. I find on the Bradley forum that many who bought the Digital Bradley end up purchasing the Auber PID to override the standard Bradley digital component anyway.
0,Comfortable, seems well made
0,Quality heavu-duty product. Feels sturdy. Spring mechanism is robust
0,light weight, fits in my large hand, easy to snip small stalks clean
0,This is a great kit for more than just the pool! I actually use it for our fish tank too! Nice that there are refills for the fluids too ass the beakers and cards are going to last through the chemicals! Worth the price.
0,Beautiful plants, nice packaging. Love.
0,Perfect to keep the pool clean
0,As stated.
0,i am very happy i just love the color
0,good
0,The ability to be able to fold the chairs AND table makes for easy storage. The chairs are comfortable and the set looks good. I had it outside for the whole season and it held up just fine. I cannot give it five stars because the table surface easily holds water from rain. Also the table surface has some give to it, so items like a wine glass are a bit shaky. But overall I do love this set and I would buy it again.
0,Preen really does prevent the weeds. Saves me a lot of time because I do not have to pull weeds. I've used this for years and will continue to use it.
0,It works good as a deterrent to squirrels.  The big problem is it doesn't hold much seed and the birds go through it in about 3 hours.
0,It works good. Holds compression good. No issues with the pump or sprayer.
0,Could not believe the difference this made after using standard tip for years. Great product that works great
0,I have tried ALL of Classic Accessories products and like this one the best.  It has clean lines and is attractive and high quality.  They do stand behind their warranty.  Just hope this one doesn't fade as bad as all the others I have had did.  Worth it to pay extra and get one that has a lifetime warranty for sure.
0,easy to use
0,I had been using a Solar Blue Sky 2000 for over 10 years in my motor home.  I had to replace it several years ago.  This time when it broke, I replaced with a MorningStar TS 60.  It is fantastic.  I sure wish I had the TS 60 ten years ago.  Great product at a reasonable price.  Highly recommend it !
0,After reading all the reviews on Amazon and other retailers I came to	the conclusion that I needed this and not a regular chain saw.	While waiting for the UPS man to show I read the owners manual on-line.	Upon arrival I ripped open the box, began to charge the battery and fill	the oil reservoir. I have not stopped using it since then.	The manual is written by a lawyer and hard to read with all the warnings.	Bottom Line:	1. Keep chain oil reservoir full. (non-oiled chain will cause the chain to dislodge)	2. Always press the safety button and trigger to start the chain before pressing the handle down to engage.	3. If cutting very small branches periodically open the chain access cover and remove any built up debris which	will cause the chain to dislodge.	4. When resetting the chain always wear gloves	5. Readjust the chain by loosing and retightening before you reach 40-50 cuts. Just do it.	6. If the saw stops in the middle of a cut it usually means a discharged battery.	7. Buy a second battery.	8. When working on the chain REMOVE the battery.
0,My Granddaughter likes this one!!
0,Just what I wanted. Well made.
0,LOVE IT
0,My order arrived sooner than expected. I use these wheat-berries to grow grass for my cats. My cats don't end up eating a whole lot of it but I like to grow if for them non the less. I read about the nutritional benefits and was sold.
0,This is a very good product.  I ordered it to cover our miniature peach tree to keep the critters off the peaches.  It is light weight and staying in place.  I also ordered some for my husband's attempt at growing a few grapes.  Last year, the birds and squirrels got the grapes.  This year, hopefully, he will be able to have a few clusters to eat.
0,Have only used them once but they're comfortable.  I'm 6' tall and didn't have a problem
0,Rarely do products exceed my expectations. This cover is wonderful and definitely exceeded my expectations. It fits over our worn padded cover and looks good. Highly recommended.
0,Works good as described. If your running soil it's fine but if your running hydroponics I recommend the dry powder just because it holds it ph value longer and keeps more consistent levels
0,Product fine, as advertised.
0,All the bulbs arrived healthy and already showing the green of new growth. I was very impressed that not one single bulb was "dead". They have already been planted and many are already peeking out of the soil. I even have a couple that are getting ready to bloom. An excellent buy, great value and years of daffodils blossoms to look forward to!
0,This is a good value filter for my spa and at half the price of the local stores. They get changed more often now!
0,looks good and I am looking forward to trying it.
0,The Scotts Turf Builder Grass Seed - Sun and Shade Mix is a versatile mix for lawns that get lots of sunshine and/or in the shade most of the time. It is made up of mainly creeping red fescue, perennial ryegrass and bluegrass. You'll have to decide if you like these kinds of grasses for your lawn. My 2015 mix contains the following grass seed varieties:		9.76% Wendy Jean Creeping Red Fescue	9.75% Fenway Creeping Red Fescue	8.77% Uno Perennial Ryegras	8.28% Secretariat II GLSR Perennial Ryegrass	6.34% Gaelic Kentucky Bluegrass	2.92% Jump Start Kentuncy Bluegrass	2.92% Right Kentucky Bluegrass		The seeds are treated with mefenoxam, a fungicide, to prevent diseases. They have a blue coating that helps retain water and also contains a 3-1-0 fertilizer. Note that the coating accounts for 50% of the package by weight. You're not really getting 7 lbs of bare seeds. Yet the coating is supposed to help promo seed growth. Anyway, it's imperative that the seeds get all the help they can get. Also, I would suggest getting the bag out of the reach of children and animals since they have been treated.		I have a few bare spots in my backyard where I could try out this seed mix. Some areas are sunny and some are shady. I figure they are good places to try. I followed the instructions to prep the ground, put in the seeds and water regularly. Less than two weeks later, a large portion of the seeds have started to germinate. The spots look sparse since they are still seedlings. How much ground cover they will produce is yet to be seen. For now, this mix is great and has a good germination rate.
0,Love this!  Smoking meat is so easy this way.  Chicken and brisket are my favorite tonsmoke in this (will need to cut the brisket in half)!
0,As described.
0,Perfect!!
0,Great product. Great results. Great for flowering stage. Highly recommend this product.
0,It works very well and much better than the Green Works surface cleaner. Remember when using to "pull" it along, don't "push"it, and it won't flip over.
0,Great shade for our hot tub gazebo and a fantastic price!  Went up very easy and works great!
0,very good quality.
0,Well made, good price.  Using these staples to hold up garden soaker hosing.  Also using to hold down garden/landscaping fabric and to secure low voltage landscaping wiring and outdoor shower hose at various points. Can be used for many applications.
0,2 years of usage and it makes that FIRE.
0,Great tool for working in pots; keeps dirt in the pot. Is great for digging transplant holes. Very well made. Would highly recommend.
0,Would definitely recommend,thanks
0,Fits my Husqvarna 48" deck perfectly.  Low price, great fit, complete with new bolts and nuts. Simple to install.
0,these were perfect for putting stuff in larger container before putting them in the ground. have ordered twice.
0,Labeling a garden can be important, especially for edibles. Labels are useful not only in distinguishing similar adult plants (i.e. flat-leaf parsley and cilantro), but also indicating which type of seeds/sprouts are planted in a specific location. While purchasing young plants from a nursery and transplanting them at home generally include a plant stake with relevant information, there is not a guarantee; planting from seeds generally has none. Fortunately, Marrywindix offers an economical solution: 100 plastic garden tags for $5.		Construction		There is not much to expand upon here; the Marrywindix plastic garden tags are simply that, with just enough space to write the name of the plant and the date it was planted (or whatever information you wish to include). That being said, the labels are much thinner than the product images seem to indicate, and for me (at least), I thought that they would be a bit heavier-duty. This is an issue because		Use		As indicated in the product image, the stake portion of the garden tags has a central, vertical crease. When pushing these into the soil, it is necessary to pinch the leg to form a V shape to give the tag enough strength to actually slide into the ground. Even with this design, due to the Marrywindix garden tags being so thin it is very easy to bend the stake upon insertion into the soil. This potential increases if you have rocky or clay-laden soil. All of this being said, however, these tags are very inexpensive, so breaking a few or having some blowing away/being damaged during a storm is not going to break the bank, so to speak.		Labeling these with permanent marker works well, with no smearing as long as you give them a few moments to dry (it does not take long; I would say no more than 10 seconds). The tags have held up to rain and sunlight fairly well over the past month that they have been outside. Unfortunately, when the soil became very wet during a storm, along with high winds, several tags blew away. By that time most of my seeds has sprouted so that I knew which plant was which, still, the fact that the tags uprooted so easily is frustrating. The stakes really need to be longer for use outside of a flowerpot.		Final Say		If you need plant tags for flowerpots, hanging and/or window baskets, then the Marrywindix Garden Tags are an economical solution with sufficient writing space to suit most needs. Unfortunately, these tags are simply too thin with too short stakes to use in a garden. Still, at $5 for 100 of them, losing a few here and there may be acceptable, even though it is undoubtedly frustrating. For this reason, I am giving these tags 4 stars.		**Disclaimer: This product was sent to me by the manufacturer at no cost to review. While I do not feel that this influenced me in any capacity, I am legally obligated to disclose this fact so that you can come to your own conclusions about the merit of this analysis.**
0,With indirect heat in my smoker, the grill mat works great cooking any small things that would normally fall into the grill.  I use it mostly for veggies and sea food, meat I like the grill marks....  Because I am using the mat, the smoke comes up all around the food when it cooks, but if I had the food in some type of pan to keep the food from falling thru the grill, I do not think that the smoke would penetrate the food as well - just my opinion.  When I get black burnt sauce on the mat, I take it out before I use it and flex it a little and all of the burnt material just flakes off.  I haven't tried cleaning it in the dish washer yet.  I wish my Traeger worked as good as this mat does, but that is another review....  I would buy another Rec Tec grill mat when this mat wears out - maybe I'll order a new Rec Tec smoker at the same time :)
0,Very happy with this spinner flagpole. Change my flags for different occasions and no more tangeled flags. flags always look nice and hang freely.
0,This rake came as advertised and great quality.  Not too big or too small to do some of the in between shrub things that larger rakes just do not manage well.
0,I bought the reduced cost grill, with a few scratches.	It looks, and works great!	I then bought another one, from tha same reduved price group.	This one is just as great!
0,Love me some gasket! This worked great for sealing the door on my smoke hollow smoker .
0,Love Keter - Great brand. High quality bench.
0,Lawnmower started right up.
0,Clips
0,This gets the job done and I don't know that there's any other alternative.  Quality around the tie ropes was national, right out of the box I pulled the tie ropes to tighten the cover and it tore because there's a seam right there but I'll chalk it up to user error.  It's cheap enough I just got a replacement.  Lesson learned.
0,This fabric is strong, translucent, and usable as both a frost guard above ground and weed-shield under ground. Additionally, the dimensions of the cut make it useful for a broad range of yard applications.
0,Lightweight and easy to use. Pours well out of delicate small spout. Easy to get into pots and under leaves. Cute! Handle easy to hold.
0,I've had a number of pressure washers both electric and gas. I currently use a gas powered pressure washer for just about everything. When I had the chance to review this electric one I had some concerns over it because I've used electric in the past and typically the build quality just isn't up to my expectations.		This pressure washer is pretty cool to look at. Yes it's large but if you consider this an auto detail pressure washer it's perfect. It has wheels, soap dispensers, a vacuum that sits on top, multiple attachments, it's not so powerful it blasts the paint off. This is an overall good looking auto pressure washer.		This is NOT in my experience after using it a good pressure washer for removing hard grime from the side of your house. I'm sure you could get chemicals that would assist but the basic pressure behind this thing doesn't give it enough power to clean vinyl siding, at least not on my house. My gas one does however have the power to clean, without the need of any harmful chemicals.		Something else that concerns me with this pressure washer are the connections. They seem really cheap and in fact for me where the hose attached had some leaking. I was able to remedy this with some plumbers tape and wrapped the threads before attaching the hose, but the fact is it leaked pretty bad after a short period. I would have liked to seen strong, metal connectors that were tight.		In the end, I would recommend this if you wanted an auto retailers pressure washer without a lot of power, something to clean the car, backyard furniture or very light "power cleaning." I would not recommend this for other uses like taking paint off a deck, or cleaning vinyl siding, blasting gum off your driveway, etc. For that you need something with more power like gas or a higher dollar electric. The only reason I rated this 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the leaking connections I had to resolve. I like the footprint of this is larger, it keeps it stable and upright.
0,Fast shipping and it worked perfect
0,Good fuel line, nice and flexable!
0,This thing is unique and awesome.  Give yourself about an hour or two (depending on your ability to read interpret instructions and assemble).  It's big enough to get a lot of people around it, and it's fully screen-enclosed so the embers and ashes don't fly out and get on you.  1/2 of the top is actually a handled-hatch that slides open for adding more wood/kindling.  Comes with a full plastic cover also, for when you aren't using it.  Solid construction.		It's easy to two-person carry, if you need to move it.  It WILL rust a bit if you leave it outside for extended periods of time, although the rust is minimal and doesn't warp the structure very much (use the cover).  You can also spray paint the screening when needed.		Only downfall is the assembly.  It comes in about 15 pieces that require a lot of puzzling together and screw-in.
0,After having for two days, I'll give you my initial impressions.  Right out of the box, it seems just a little light duty.  But, I didn't let that bother me too much.  I charged the battery to full and went and trimmed the front yard.  That took about 5 minutes, on power level 4, because there wasn't much to do.  Then I went to the back yard where we have a ton of weeds on a slope that is too steep for a lawnmower.  All I can say is that I am 50 and the battery lasted longer than I did.  To be fair, I pooped out after another 20 minutes, and this was still going strong on power level 5.  If it lasts longer than I can, I am happy.  It has PLENTY of power.  I had a Roybi gas trimmer, which gave me fits as it never seemed to have much power, weeds were constantly getting caught in it, and it didn't like to start.  That's why I bought this, and I am very glad I did.		Oh, and the auto feed is AWESOME!  I hope it's not feeding too much such that I run out of line quickly.		I will come back in the months and give an update.
0,Love them they sure cut up the grass and debris
0,all my garden hoses are hung up ready for winter
0,These are invaluable for staking peonies and other bushy plants that would fall over without them.
0,Exactly what my hubby was looking for to connect to our Weber charcoal kettle style grill.
0,Nice mat - well constructed with firm bristles.
0,This stuff is just a crazy concentrate of super strong insecticide.  I use this in a 5 gallon sprayer.  So far I've filled it like 15 times and I still have over half left.  Follow the directions on what insecticide strength is needed for the bug you want to eliminate.
1,Did not grow.  I planted these in April (Alabama, last frost was past..) and none of them grew.  These seeds were planted in potting soil augmented with home composted leaves and & rabbit poo mix.  They were watered regularly, so there is no reason that they should not come up.		However, the shriveled up crowns that I bought from Tractor Supply at the end of June are already 2 feet tall (September) are doing nicely.  They are planted in the same soil mix and growing in the same location that the seeds were planted.
1,Did Not Sprout For Me After 2 Different Times
1,These bags just don't last.  The zippers on them are inferior.
1,Stick with sticky peanut butter. I tried this and didn't catch anything, then put out peanut butter and caught one. I had to wash the traps I put in it, and then use peanut butter. It says it's edible maybe I can use it for cake decorating. The EZ squeeze bottle is nice.
1,It came dented and didn't hook together the way I was hoping.
1,We took the product and used it as directed and even got on top of ladder to make sure we sprayed up close.  It has been 5 days and nothing has happened.  Perhaps it works for some but it did not for mine.
1,I bought this gauge for my BBQ which isn't used very often.  It was placed as directed, but the BBQ wasn't used until probably September, and when my son turned on the grill, the gauge spouted propane.  Needless to say, he turned it off and removed the item.  I forgot about it until recently and now find there is no point in returning it as the "warranty" if there was one, lasted only a month.  Live and learn, and I learned I won't order this type of thing online again.  (This is the second item that is doesn't work.)
1,As far as power it is great to some degree hints the two stars... As far as the spinner head for decks (the whole reason I bought it) it sucks it won't stay spinning then I get two streaks and have to dangerously hold it on air while its spraying and hand spin it till it goes.  The single nossle is cold for buildings but doesn't give that steady stream like a real power washer does
1,Well, I did what I should not do and that was to not check it as soon as it arrived. My wife thought it would be a wonderful light for me to have on my BBQ. It was a Cuisinart so I assumed a certain level of quality assurance. WRONG! Went past my 30 day return period with Amazon and wasted my money. Anyway, I tried hard spending about 1 1/2 hours trying to get unit to make light - its sole purpose.	Used some Duracell batteries carefully placing them in the battery compartment. NOTHING LIT UP WHEN THE SWITCH TOUCHED. Took them out and tested all three new batteries and all were at full capacity. Reinstalled them carefully making sure both negative and positive ends touched contact points in the battery compartment. Again, NO LIGHT. Tried 3 more new Duracell batteries - same results.	Thought about taking it apart but can't see how it assembled (may be solvent glued together). Thought maybe the on/off switch was defective. Alas, there is no way to access it without breaking the light apart.	Thoughtful comment: What is the fixation on AAA batteries. A AA battery holds TWICE the juice and would last twice as long. The cost for both batteries is the same at least in the US. The single light that holds all 3 batteries is over 1 1/4 inches thick at the most and could EASILY accommodate a larger more economical battery. So, if you look for an option, look for a larger battery. Unit says good for 7 hours but when grilling in the back yard, 7 hours passes quickly. With most of these lights, they die fast when they are about to go. In addition, in my area AA and AAA batteries are sold in packs of 4 each. Since this unit only takes 3 batteries, you have a spare new battery not to loose track of (also a pain in the butt). I would much rather get 25% more battery life (and the manufacturer had plenty of room to make compartment hold 4 cells). Apparently just a crappy design, poor workmanship, no quality control, and your wallet is $25.00 or $30.00 lighter after buying this worthless piece of plastic.	Shame on you Cuisinart!	Recommendation: Save your money and take your wife or girlfriend out for a nice lunch this coming weekend. Put a regular $5.00 flashlight in your armpit for light at your BBQ.	Addendum: Yes, it would be a pain in the ass to use. The LED light covers are clear plastic and would cloud or smoke over after a short period. Since the unit is not waterproof, those 3 lenses would be a pain in the butt to clean and keep up your light illumination. Should it start raining, run for your BBQ, as your light will get wet and die.	Since you can't leave it outside, and you can't close the hood with it on, it would be a "pain in the butt" to be constantly removing and replacing the light. The tightening knob is metal and it passes through a threaded plastic opening to tighten. The plastic opening is very sloppy (molded opening for threads are over sized) and the tightener would strip this out in no time. At that point, you could no longer attach it to your BBQ hood. The heat raising to the hood of the BBQ would soften this plastic and exacerbate the problem. Another reason to pass on this unit (sloppy manufacturing, design, and tolerances).		If you are happy that I saved you $25.00 or $30.00, please hit the yes button below. I will at least have the satisfaction of knowing I saved someone some money.
1,Not happy with the quality of the product.
1,ONE SEEDLING CAME UP, A FEW DEAD SEEDS
1,I have had these hoses before and they never lasted longer than six months. This one is even worse because it doesn't want to open up past 50 feet so I have to pull it along just to get to the 55 foot bucket in my barn. Luckily I am not using the 70foot bucket because it would never reach without pulling it hard. I have super good water pressure out there and the other hoses opened right up, but not this one. I have only used it sparingly because I know it won't last. The good is the light weight ease of keeping it in my warm tack room and not worrying about it freezing. I do wish they would build these things to last. Typical plastic connections so use a heavy duty quick release to keep from breaking those. The worst thing is that it fills up without expanding anywhere near 75 feet.
1,I would spend a little extra for something functional--if you're ok with a stand this ugly you might as well use a cinder block to the same effect. The cap to fill was crazy hard to get off and I doubt I could do it once it was full. It doesn't screw tight at all so the umbrella is unsteady in it and twirls if I use the tilt function. To add insult to injury, I checked the lowe's site and they had this for literally half the cost (terrible reviews over there, too.) This one's going back.
1,The smell of the stuff is too strong for me. And it has to be put down the weekly which is not what I wish to do. I'm sure it was fine fertilizer but I will not use it again.
1,The pair I got were poorly made. The blades didn't line up. Tried to tighten the nut and no go. Mine lasted a couple years and fell apart. They never worked right in the first place. Had to buy another pair. I should have returned them right at first, that's my fault, but Fiskars is a brand I avoid now.
1,Never used for water cause of maney reviews of rusting. I used for egg shells and chickens can hardly get the egg shells out. Corner one is much better.
1,Bulbs mostly falling apart and covered in mold. Horrible.  Happy Mother's Day!
1,Not happy with this at all.  The shipping and handling I would give a 5 star.  It was quick and just as expected.  I have an inground pool and this is too light weight and it floats up to the top.  If you have a deep pool, you need something heavier.  This would be fine if you have a shallow pool.
1,Didn't last through one yard cutting
1,bent & had to be discarded
1,I have a 20x40 L shaped vinyl lined pool with an eight foot deep end. I have a 1hp Smith pump with two skimmers. With my three way inlet valve set so that 2/3 of the suction was dedicated to the cleaner's skimmer, resulted in a wheel turnover of 9 rpms which is less than the recommended range of 11-14. Completely shutting off my 2nd skimmer increased the rpm to 12. I observed the cleaner for several hours and only once did it make it to the shallow end. The majority of the time was spent spinning wheels against the steeper sides of the deep end then it would turn move a few feet and spin against another side. These are not vertical walls. I uploaded a picture to demonstrate the deep end profile. The floor leading to the shallow end is less of an incline, but the usual behavior when heading in this direction was to climb half way up then turn and return to the deep end to spin against one of the other three more inclined floors that lead to the diving board or the side of the pool. Not once did it manage to even begin to climb one of these inclines.		My previous cleaner was a Polaris atv which ran just fine with the inlet valve set so that 2/3 of the suction was dedicated to it, which allowed the other skimmer to continue to function. Additionally I added a poolskim surface skimmer and was very satisfied with the result.		Returned the aquanaut for a refund and now need to find another candidate.
1,Piece of garbage, the material this cover is made out of feels like paper. There is no drawstring to keep it inplace and the wind already blew it off. I wasn't home when the package arrived and asked my wife to put it on my smoker. If I would have been home it would have been sent back. I would give it negative stars if possible. This won't last 3 months!!!!!
1,I bought this originally about 8 ears ago. Got a replacement recently (the picture on the web page looks the same but its not the same cover any more). The material used to be a heavy canvass but is now much thinner cheaper construction. I don't expect it to last anywhere close to 6 years as the original. Anyway they did lower the coat of it but the quality of the cover was reduced more than the cost. I wish I had known this before I ordered a replacement.
1,Not sure if my pond too small - but these things absorbed TOO much water - thought I had a leak until I realized and removed the bale.  Also - um - water was NOT clear while using these.  May work for you, but research before you buy.
1,Perhaps I overlooked the measurements of this device. The cup is about as big around as a quarter. Anything you put in it will evaporate.
1,Didn't work for me. Won't fit on my basket.
1,The first time I hooked up this hose to the water faucet and turned on the water, the sprayer end broke within 2 minutes.  I had purchased 3 hoses, so proceeded to attach the second hose to the faucet with the exact same result.  The third hose did the same thing.  My first review of this product was rejected, so I learned that it is not a good idea to write a product review when you are soaking wet.  Also, I used a Gilmour hand sprayer nozzle on the first hose, a Gilmour wand on the second hose, and just the Worthtrust flexible connectors that came with the hose.  I do not have excessive water pressure.  Also, the product literature that came with this product shows metal connectors at the ends of the hoses.
1,It's plastic. Had I known that upfront would not have ordered.
1,Very uncomfortable
1,DO NOT WORK !!!
1,cheaply made
1,Good for a couple years then they get stiff and rip.
1,I spread this product over an area of land to kill vegetation and have used some in years past and worked great then. I spread it out over and area and after 4 weeks now and several rains, the grass only shows a little brown and has not killed even the grass much less the brush I was trying to kill. Maybe it will work eventually, but after 4 weeks now, it should have killed the vegetation by now.		Now three months later, the grass did die but nothing else died and it should have done it's thing by now if it was going to work. Waste of money for my use.
1,clearly this is not a good chime. when the wind blows, you can BARELY HERE the tones, in fact almost no tones. do not waste your money on this one. it is junk. bill perreault
1,Product is a joke does not work on rabbits. The big rabbits fed this product to all its babies and laughed at me
1,Disappointed!!!!
1,I should have listened to the reviewers. This thing is garbage. I screwed it onto my hose, turned on the water and everything seemed fine. No leaks. I sprayed it one time and now it refuses to shut off completely. It continues to spray at about 25% power with nobody touching it. I tried switching to other spray patterns and adjusting the brass nut on the rear. No help. I even tried forcing the handle rearward to make sure it was fully "unsqueezed". No help. What use is this if it doesn't stop when I let go? Hopefully Amazon will take it back.		On that note, I should have just went to Lowes in the first place. They have a large selection of Orbit nozzles between $4-$20. I just bought one for 6 bucks and it seems to be built much better than this piece of garbage.
1,Terrible antiquated software. Device is a Serial to Usb with some memory?
1,Too frail!  All the leaves just withered away.
1,Rusted within two days staining the cloths they were to hold in place..Next time either plastic or non rust metal
1,None of these sprouted. I have gotten coleus seeds from other places and had no issues.
1,The cover that I was sent has several holes (1/2") in the middle. That may be for safety?? but I am not sure why they put them in the cover.		The cover doesn't fit snug like the picture. It could hang half way down the side of the 36" pool but is designed to fit snuggly under the inflated portion of the pool. It is just too large even though it is labeled for the 12' pool. Even pulling the draw strings to the max only allows more  of the cover to sink down INTO the pool.		When the cover is put on, it lays right on top of the water. So, water seeps on top of the cover and eventually has a LARGE pool of water on top of it. Dirt and debris is then blown onto the the top and in the water which then enters the water in the pool under the cover and when the cover is removed even more gets into the pool. Even with the cover not being removed for several days, dirt etc settles down on the water-covered cover and in time gets drawn down into the pool.		I thought of leaving the cover off because it was difficult for 1 me to put on by myself and because it didn't do much to keep the pool clean. However, it does help a little bit to keep the water warmer than if the cover is left off at night.  Heat DOES escape through the holes though so it isn't that great at conserving heat, only a little better than without the cover.		The cover with the holes in it IS NOT VERY GOOD in my opinion.
1,Too large . gave them away
1,Purchased 2 of these to go with my chick feed/water bowls.  Leaked the entire quart of water every time I tried.  What a waste, not to mention what a mess in a cardboard box with pine shavings.
1,Have a 500 gallon pond so this UV sterilizer should be able to handle it.  I have been running it for 3 weeks now and the water is actually getting greener.  This is one of the cheaper models for a 28 W lamp and I can see that you get what you pay for.  I am looking into returning it.
1,A large mature Raccoon can bend the bar holding the door closed and escape. Also, they can reach in from the sides and pull the bait over to the side and extract it through the side. Very poor quality trap.
1,Can't leave it out doors
1,worst nutrients I've ever used. the pH continually rises (meaning 0.5+pH DAILY), contrary to the claims on their website. after 2.5 weeks of non-existent "world class grower support", I'm giving up and going the refund route...would give 0 stars if I could. time to go back to GH which WORKS
1,Fall might be the wrong time of year, but I have LOTS of wasps and not one entered the trap. When I returned home after two weeks away no wasps were in the traps, but thy were  filled with maggots, yuck!  I will try again in the spring.
1,The silicone doesn't stay locked together after you start taking the hamburger patties out.  The top is uneven.  The hamburger is also very hard to separate; the interlocking system doesn't keep the burgers from connecting to each other.  It's expensive for what it ended up being.
1,WHAT IS WITH THE SMALL WHEELS...IT IS SO HARD TO MOVE IT ON MY DECK...THE WHOLE IDEA OF BUYING THIS WAS TO HAVE THE WHEELS SO WE WOULD BE ABLE TO MOVE IT EASILY AROUND THE DECK...IT IS TERRIBLE...TO MOVE...		AND YOU CAN'T MAKE THE UMBRELLA POLE TIGHT IN THE TUBE...SO WHEN A WIND BLOWS THE UMBRELLA WOBBLES / ROCKS BACK AND FORTH......WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT THIS ITEM IS...		IF IT WASN'T SO DAME HEAVY WE WOULD PROBABLY SEND IT BACK...BUT IF YOU ARE READING THIS, DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS ONE...
1,never grew.
1,Unless you can hang this where NOTHING touches it... especially a person, and where it cannot fall.. avoid. It's stickiness is akin to some horror movie blob. Worse, it fell and getting the stuff off me and the floor was horrible. And worse of all, almost no pests, not a single fly, went to it.
1,By the end of the first summer the hose was spotted back with mold that I cannot remove.  Also it may not kink, but if you get the 100 foot length it can be a big pain to coil it up.
1,works ok except there is no probe for outside temp, not even a place to connect a probe.
1,My biggest complaint is the touch switch.  Not sensitive enough.  I have to stand there and tap it in 20 different places to try to turn on/off the light.  I actually uninstalled it because of this.  It's bigger than expected.  The screw to clamp this down on the grill handle is real long, making it protrude.  I've run into it a couple times.		Given other LED products out there this unit offers no overwhelming advantage over something like an LED reading light.  It's not being exposed to heat and the time it takes to mess with the switch is more that just toting a light in and out of the elements.
1,Second one I bought and this broke quickly too.  No more!
1,Flag looks great but it just hasn't held up well.  It started fraying after only 2 weeks.  Waiting for my 3rd different flag to come in so I can replace this one.
1,I have an intex pool, with round pipe like structure.  The attachment clamp with this skimmer was less than useless it was frustrating since I am very stubborn & was sure I could figure out how to position it so that the skimmer is stable.  I might have been able to use it if it had been just me, but when kids used the pool & bumped it just a bit it would stop skimming.  And BTW kids do not slightly bump anything!  This was a constant nuisance that interrupted my fun!	This year I got an in-wall skimmer, installed & cut the hole & I am so pleased!!	Don't but this cheap easy to install deal!
1,did not sprout
1,I have had to revise my review as whilst all written below is true, it's only for a very short while, then the switch on the top craps out and it stops working - I have three of these now and the same thing has happened to all of them - NOT HAPPY!	Absolutely awesome! I now have two of these and LOVE them! I bought one to see if it really worked.. and then got another. What can I tell you? It's REALLY easy to set up - just add batteries, a tab of rat crack er peanut butter, position and turn on - I looked to determine where rat runs were and placed them adjacent. The first one took three days to secure it's first guest, the second nailed two on the first night (I emptied the first one before bed) - disposing of the critters is a breeze, just tip them out into whatever receptacle you choose and job done, no need to touch or get anywhere near them. I have BIG dogs, and they have shown no interest other than a quick sniff of the traps, so I believe they are pet safe provided the pet is too big to get into them - so NOT good with kittens, hamsters, etc (but poison is bad with everything); so a little common sense about safety when placing them out, and you are all set!
1,This edger/trimmer has some things going for it: it is light weight, so it is easily portable. It feels safe, with the guard in place. it takes getting used to changing it from the edger to the trimmer function, and the edger function doesn't always cut the tougher grass runners along the curb. the lithium ion battery lasted about 40 minutes each of the 3 times I used the edger, which is the 151.5 model. then it stopped functioning. The battery has a 90 day warranty, which seemed somewhat deceptive, since the warranty advertised is 24 months.  When I called to report the problem, the customer service rep couldn't find a record of my purchase, even though I had registered the product on line. I was promised a replacement battery, which I was told would arrive in 2 weeks. When I called technical support, I was told that a replacement battery would arrive in 5 weeks. I am not impressed with the product or the company, so I am returning it. I am thankful that the problems manifested themselves within the return period.
1,Get yourself ONE nice organic all purpose water soluble fertilizer for occasional feedings. Not a dozen different products that they tell you to use all the time.
1,Leaked so I returned it
1,Doesn't fit q1200 that well. Doesn't fully cover it. Come on!
1,I think it's dead
1,If the intent was to be able to stop using other chemicals. After two weeks of use it had a smell to it and had to drain the spa again (had clear clean city water before installing) and replace the water again.		I would not recommend it to anyone.
1,Did not propagate.
1,...but I'm disappointed. I must have received a defective set because the adjustable brass sprayer does not adjust to a fine symmetrical spray like my 30-year-old brass sprayer. I also can report that while the sprayer does not leak when attached to the hose, it does drip at the nozzle end because it will not turn off completely. For 8 bucks it's not worth returning. I would recommend looking for a different brand solid brass sprayer.
1,I put this around my fence where the groundhog was digging.  I sprayed it multiple times.  The groundhog came right up to the fence and kept on digging.  The next day, it rained.  I sprayed it again, and hoped for the best.  No such luck.  The groundhog isn't going anywhere, and this product does not live up to its name.		I also tried it on my trees to prevent deer from chewing at them.  Again, it didn't work.		So of the two creatures I tried to repel--groundhog and deer--neither of them were repelled by this product.
1,I own several of these cans and the labels on mine clearly state "Lifetime Warranty." When I went file a claim to replace a defective nozzle (broke at the spout and the collar) they wouldn't honor my lifetime warranty. Said the policy of the new owner is different from the original owners. OK. Policies change. But goodwill to its customers is the responsibility of the current owner.		Don't care who you are but if you buy a company, you buy its assets and its liabilities. I will not do business with someone too cheap to keep a loyal customer after 5 years over a less than 10 buck part. Good luck with this overpriced and problematic product. Make sure you keep your receipts, and for goodness sake, don't let the thing break during its  warranty period (even if it's not your fault). I'd give it zero stars if I could. Caveat Emptor.
1,I mounted the skimmer on a 16' x 48" ultra frame pool. I zip tied it to a leg to hold it level. I bought the skimmer to help catch the grass and bugs floating on top before they sink to the bottom. The problem is the grass goes through the holes in the basket and plugs the plastic grid on the pool outlet and pump. When I lift the basket out to clean it all the bugs fall through the bottom and back into the pool. I'm using a one gallon paint strainer for a liner now which helps keep everything in the basket, but the bottom line is I will not buy it again.
1,Thought it would be a nice addition to the larger Hula-Ho. Not! Does not hula and not practicable. Thought it would be easier to work raised beds to get in closer to my plants. This one is just a stiff metal blade and not sharp at all. Being short means more labor force needed to hoe with.
1,Broke about 2 weeks after use.  Had one at another house that lasted a long time.  Wondering if I got a bad one.
1,Planted the Beets in my Greenhouse a few months ago and they are flourishing nicely and am anxious for them to mature	Much to my shock and surprise what actually grew was Chinese Radish !!!	But they were quite tasty any way, but Not what I ordered
1,Poor workmanship.  Pitted welds, cracks in rolled rim at screw holes, excess screen materials on one side of firescreen, seriously flat and out of round making assembly difficult, and non uniform rim roll.
1,So far no positive results. About 40% of the ladybugs were dead on arrival. If I see a praying mantis I will change my rating.
1,This will work to hang things on but be aware that it is one dimensional. It is not a rounded hook but instead is stamped out of flat metal. If you looked at it from a side view it is flat like a piece of card stock. Not what I expected at all. For that price I expected more. Thankfully the return was simple and free.
1,Broke after a few uses. The plastic lever is not strong enough.
1,This didn't work for me. I followed the directions to a T and it did not seem to deter the ants at all. The outdoor liquid bait traps from Terrro worked well, I would continue to use those. Honestly the best is Ortho home defense max .. man you spray that stuff and you never see an ant again.
1,The threads which connect the handle (and battery compartment) to the head of the unit are not a good fit even when threaded all the way and in the ON position.  Would just shut off even though the markings were lined up in the on position and you could hear the motor struggling at times as if there wasn't a good connection between the batteries and the motor, and then it would all of a sudden work for a few seconds and bog down again.  This is within the first minute of use.  It is cheaply made and the design is poor (especially the on-off mechanism and battery compartment).  Returned for refund due to being defective but I am just assuming it is defective by design.  Will shop Amazon for a better and hopefully working unit similar to this.
1,Would not germinate
1,So I have looked over every brand out there and settled on this Toro based on 4 people giving it "5 star" reviews.		I am a current Toro owner with a 2 stroke GAS power head and 4 different attachments (trimmer, edger, blower and tiller). I love it but am ready for something lighter, easier to store and easier to deal with (no gas mixes, pulling starter cords, etc).		So I was excited to look into this product and could not wait to use it!		BUT here is what I found;		1) I am 5'4"... and the design of the shaft/angle made it feel like I was hunching over to get to the sweet spot for a good clean edge. My gas Toro you can twist around easily (although heavier) but the shaft length gave me that ability to do so. This thing feels like a toy (sort of) by comparison. DO NOT confuse this for a power to power comparison. This thing has plenty of power, I am sure that the 20v lithium battery is also up to the challenge... but when you get this in your hands and you are confined to using it within its operational range (angle of head and short length of shaft) it feels like a toy and you are compromising your body position to try to get the best angle of attack on your lawn. This did not work for me.		2) I need a trimmer and edger combo.... the trimmer was OK for wacking against a fence line or brick BUT was not very good around flower beds and weird spots due to the limitations stated above.... BUT what was absolutely horrible was the edger ability. The head has a significant amount of play.... so when you are rolling down the sidewalk to get that "straight line".... good luck! The slop in the moving rotating head makes it hard to stabilize. On top of that poor design the edger has a SMALL single wheel that you are balancing on. Between both design flaws you have little control over the edger portion. I want sharp crisp lines for my lush St. Augustine grass... this edger feature was chopping my edges up. In my opinion this device should not be marketed as an edger.		I give this 2 stars because it is easy to use (pop in the battery and go, no gas or pulling to start) and for the Lithium technology which is very cool.... trimming is an ok function but I guess that depends on how you feel "bending" to use it. I can get over that to some degree but the edger portion of this product is that bad. In theory this is a great product... not so much in the real world. I do have to admit that it is much lighter than my gas powered  Toro... which is what I want!		I used this for half of my yard and gave up on it.... when it came time for flowerbeds and edging a sharp line I pulled out the heavy over-powered Toro 2 stroke to complete the task.		Note: I am in manufacturing (electronics) and understand the world manufacturing process. To me all these 18/20/24 volt trimmers look alike from a core design stand point.... Worx, Black & Decker, Toro, Ryobi, Craftsman, Sun Joe, etc, etc... they all have that same extendable shaft and twist head design with the handle in the same spot. I believe all of these brands to be made in the same factory. There are color, cosmetic and even slight design changes between the different brands but at the core of it the same motors and batteries and core components. That being said I have tried to identify one of these units to give me the best compromise. I still want to ditch the gas power head for a a 20v or 24v light weight trimmer that can actually edge. I am looking at the Worx 155 since the head looks to lock into position and has a twin wheel design for the edger... the wheels are larger and spread apart so stability should be better. I am returning the Toro for sure.		*** UPDATE *** -  6/10/12  I could not wait so ran down to Lowe's to look/test the Worx 155 model. At the store I was able to hold it in my hand and get a feel for it. Even though it still feels kind of like a toy (the light weight body makes it feel toy'ish) the design is far superior compared to the Toro. In my hands it feels more natural... and the twin wheel design made it feel good for edging. Yes, I looked like an idiot "role playing" in Lowe's pretending to be edging... but before I plopped down another $119.99 on a 2 in 1 edger/trimmer I wanted to get a feel for the item. I did buy it and will be testing it this week in the back yard... will update soon.		*** UPDATE 2 *** - I took back the 20v version of the Worx GT and found a 24v version with blower for $149 off ebay... direct from Worx (which sells on ebay direct). I will review the 24v model once it arrives. For $20 more I gained the 24v model and a blower. Hopefully it is a better alternative than the poorly designed Toro.		*** UPDATE 3 *** 6/15/12 - I received the Worx 24 volt trimmer/edger with blower today... and could not wait to get home and try it out. I charged the battery at work where I received the package. I already sold off my gas Toro so my lawn was in need of a good trim at this point. WINNER WINNER, CHICKEN DINNER! This unit is by far superior to the Toro... which based on reviews of both units I would not have thought.		The adjustments of the Work were much better than the Toro. Actually it had one more way to adjust vs. the Toro... so getting the head set in just about any position was pretty easy. What is important to me is if the head locks firmly into position without any "play" in the mechanism. Here is a rundown by feature;		1) 24 Volt battery - Let's get real here.... I would suggest having at least 2 batteries for whatever brand cordless weed wacker you choose. Lithium is far superior to NiCD batteries.... and the higher the voltage the stronger, longer lasting the device will be. I am able to trim, edge and blow off the sidewalks and driveway with power to spare... so 1 battery is all you need.... but I believe in being prepared for anything, so having an extra on tap will get you through even the roughest small to moderate suburb type lawn.		2) Edger... unlike the Toro this unit was awesome. The twin wheel design is much better and the head stays firmly in place. Switching between the two is a breeze. I was able to get a straight edge right out of the gate... it was fairly intuitive. The Toro was so "out of control" that I spent more time jacking with the weed eater than actually edging. I was done in no time and was impressed with the results.		3) Trimmer... pretty straight forward here! Edging along brick and fence was a breeze... adjusting the head to do around flower beds was quick and easy.		4) Blower - I love this thing too! This is great for blowing the grass off... but also for "sweeping" out the garage quickly or blowing off the back patio without getting into a gas device or breaking out an extension cord. One thing to consider is that this is a battery hog device... based on reviews I have read. So it is great for quick and easy tasks for sure.... but I would not expect to blow off the entire lawn. My extra battery that I am getting would be useful in case I need to use this for a longer period of time.		I truly like this device as a whole... especially for $150 for the kit it is a steal! But here are some points to consider and a couple of minor dislikes;		* This is not a long, heavy gas powered weed eater. So I found myself readjusting to a shorter, lighter device. Kind of like going from driving a truck and switching to a compact car. Both get the job done... but both drive differently. The Worx GT is very light... feather light... for a guy like me, almost too light. But it beats lugging around a heavy unit. for sure! Go to Lowes and grab the one off the demo shelf before you buy one.		* Power - This unit has enough power to draw blood if you hit someone with the trimmer string.... so I am pretty sure that a blade of grass does not stand a chance. If you are a "Tim the tool man Taylor" kind of guy... where more power means something to you then don't be afraid of these battery operated units. Both the Toro and the Worx GT have more than enough power for the task.		*Dislikes - The string tends to not roll out like it should... I think it is the "Double Helix" designed string that binds against itself. I already bought some replacement string from Amazon... so I will spool up with that instead. I read that from reviews of the Worx GT... so I was aware of the binding issue. This was NO BIG DEAL because the string mechanism is the easiest I have ever seen. Far easier than any gas powered unit I have owned.		OVERALL - A huge one stop shop, easy to use, minimal maintenance, ready to go device! No gas, very quiet, plenty of power, highly portable... this thing meets all of my requirements and then some. Is it better than a gas unit? I'd say yes... cheaper, lighter, gets the same job done, less maintenance by far, etc. I am impressed... even if it is just day 1 as a first time user.		If you have any questions please ask. I maintain all of my Amazon reviews... I know how hard it is to get good feedback so I try very hard to be as accurate as I can. Good luck with your future purchase of a lithium weed wacker!  ;)
1,Very cheaply made was outside for only two weeks color faded, bracket broke and it already started to rust. Idea is great but very poor quality made in China so that says everything.
1,I'm very disappointed in this feeder.  I fill it and the next day the food is gone.  Well, not gone since most of it ends up on the ground.  The squirrels jump up, swing a bit, knock the seed to the ground, and eat.  They are tenacious and quite satisfied with the feeder, but I'm not.  Also, the seed gets wet in the rain and sticks to the bottom of the feeder, so you have to get in there and clean it out.  And it began to rust within 2 months.
1,it did work great...for about five times
1,Planted in April in the Napa Valley with all my other vegetables.  Unfortunately, none of the seeds sprouted.
1,Some of my herbs were completed invaded by insects a few months ago. I tried using this and didn't seem to work too well. The herb that was infested was completely eaten to the stem, it was sad. I managed to save some of them though! The ones that I saved I didn't put anything on. Seemed the bigger plants got worse with insects after I added the killing soap to it.
1,Doesn't seem to catch anything regardless of the bait. Finally put out glue trap and caught a mouse on that within a few hours.
1,No results. Zero.
1,Well this thing is a waste of money. You have to attach it to the ground with something , otherwise it moves around. We turned it on and went out, when we came back it was watering our driveway. So now every time I turn it on , I have to watch it, and constantly reposition it back. But yesterday I came out with a solution and stuck a pair of my gardening tools inside the ground in one of the holes it the plastick base, so it seemed to help it not move around so much. Gonna have to come up with a more permanent solution for it, if it works long enough to do it (it's very cheaply made and flimsy)
1,Held air for about 1 week. Now I am just using 3 old tires that I cleaned up
1,None sprouted.  I am bummed.  So are my girls :(
1,Might be using it wrong but it doesn't seem to clean well, and it leaves a ton of dust and debris that needs to be cleaned again after.
1,I purchased this after reading the chapin website. I have three 20+ year old 1 gallon chapin sprayers that are likenew, tuff as nails. I read on this sprayer and downloaded the manual off Chapin website, read it, and it had all the features I wanted. SOLD. I was happy until I got the sprayer. It only has 3 filters the manual says 4 and it does not have the pressure adjust. Ok I could have ordered the Solo and got the adjustable pressure but I did not because I believed Chapin. They took that away from me. I am not saying its a bad sprayer I am saying its not the sprayer I ordered.		What happens is amazon and other retailers depend on information the manufacture gives them about a product and that is what they list. If you complain to a retailer they will likely look at a copy of the manual. I did. Right there on their own website.  My money is hard earned.		So I called Chapin and I had a loud mouth customer service rep tell me I was wrong and ask if she could send me some seals to make up for it, I declined. She was so flippant about the whole thing. She told me just to pump harder. Well Solo does not tell you that.		I wrote an email to the company guy listed on the better business website and the guy wrote me back and did really say anything so then I lodged a complaint on the BBB website. I wish company's were more honest. Being careful as a consumer is impossible when a manufacture is not truthful. I guess a manufacturer can change a product significantly and the altered product ratings continue for the old product like in this case and those two features were removed and was a significant change they should have started a new listing or changed the model number.. Lets say they sell 400 sprayers and get 4.5 stars they change the sprayer and give less and keep the rating high because the consumer says everyone else thinks this is stellar, I must have misunderstood I will rate it higher, it must have been that double shift I pulled or the baby was up all night. Maybe retailers will read this and make Chapin correct the information or relist the product feature so it is different than the original design. Let them start over and see what those sales numbers look like and will they be flippant then?. Its just business, right? You decide, its your money. I am gonna stop I hate rants. Here you go, this is my experience.
1,Failed after 6 months. Be prepared for bad news if you buy one! Now I see a lot of bad reviews on Amazon but it is too late.
1,Impossible to mix.  Imagine goopy blood all over kitchen, with half of it down the sink.  What did get into the sprayer seemed like a deer appetizer.  They goobled up the plants after weeks of repeated spraying.  What a useless product.
1,non of the seeds germinate
1,My complaints not about HOW item is working ( because never had a chance to try	) but look what I got 1. Item is broken 2. Where the heck the longer (hose)  part of blower ?
1,I purchased two of these hoses and the first one broke the first day I used it.  The second one lasted a week before it broke.  Would not recommend this product to anyone.
1,I use it in a spa, and it quickly ends up inside the basket and is a pain to remove. Other than that, it is fine, but I am not happy with it because of the size.
1,Unfurled but brown and smelly.
1,Not even one seed came.  I have a special seed grow dome with heating, temperature and humidity control, good plant light which is timer controled, I use very good seed potting mix, and I have several years of experience.
1,This barometer is meant to be inserted into a holder, like a board; not a standalone unit. Returned it, the seller made me pay return shipping. Don't really know how accurate the device is, but some reviews say it's a piece of junk. Not entirely sure why I ordered it in the first place. Looks very cheaply made.
1,mice and spiders love the sound of it,i never really count on these to work so when they don't i'm ok with it. thats not a good thing huh?
1,followed the directions, smells bad, but no flys....moved it around still no flys, And YES around the goat pens we have LOTs of them.
1,not happy
1,It's a Handel with sharp piece of metal on one end big deal u can chop sticks with it
1,I'm sorry to say that my birds don't like this feeder. I suspect it's because the suet compartment is slightly wider (1/4") than those of my other suet feeders, double and single, which are made of plastic or recycled material. It's more difficult for the birds to reach the suet. I wanted to like it, so I could support a U.S. company, but the birds have given it a thumbs-down.
1,no seam for securing making it a little hard to secure, will make it work.
1,I don't get it.  I use as instructed and it stresses more plants than it helps.  Basically killed my roses.  Did not work as I had hoped.  Based on reviews I am the unlucky one.  Will try to figure out why.
1,I bought this for my charbroil 9000. This is a multi-fit kit that uses telescoping parts to fit different size grills. However the parts don't fit together well for a 9000, leaving large flames leaking out at the joints.		Those plus a poor design all-over leave me with flames that are 2-3x the size of normal at various locations.  My eight year old burner still works better than this brand new one, and it was getting bad.		I expect to have very uneven cooking. I'm going to try to modify it to work, but am very disappointed.		Wish I could by a real replacement that fit.
1,Used it once, and it was fine. Nice and light and thought it would be of great use. I was careful in using it since I saw people had issues with it.		Drained it, stored it properly, on the next use a pinhole leak exposed itself. Not the big burst that some have seen, but I suspect this is just one of many leaks I can look forward to. Perhaps I can get 3 or 4 uses out of it before tossing it?		Great idea, poor quality unfortunately.
1,What a piece of JUNK!!! - I ordered the commercial series thinking it would be more durable because I read bad reviews about the consumer rated model. Well I was wrong. The commercial grade trimmer broke all strings off only after a few yards on a privacy fence. I was using a commercial grade Stihl trimmer.
1,Doesn't do anything for deer. They hang around right next to it. Keeping it though, comes across as some sort of security device.	Edit - 6/8 - Solar panel had gone milky white few months ago.	Last night, Deer ate plants right next to this device.
1,germinated, never bloomed
1,It died after only 11 months. None of the buttons will respond. It won't even reset to the factory settings. It is just dead.  It was nice when it did work, but about once a month it would stop reading the thermometer because of a design flaw in the battery compartment in the float. The battery holder would pop open--for no reason--and the battery would fall out of place.  I will not be buying another one of these--from this company, anyway.
1,It did not eliminate all of the pink slime even though I exactly followed directions and used more than required.  I will go back to using GLB products.
1,I was disappointed in its construction. All four legs should have wheels on them for ease of movement. The paint does not hold up to repeated heating and cooling cycles.
1,The unit was received packed in a box that really makes you wonder how the unit made it here in almost one piece. My unit had a broken plastic hook on the left side that I believe is used to hang pressure wand. I would NOT recommend this unit to anyone...THIS UNIT DIE ON THE FIRST 30 MINUTES OF USING IT TO CLEAN MY DRIVEWAY. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PIECE OF GARBAGE.
1,These no longer work.  I had used them successfully for years but they redesigned them and they are useless.
1,says parakeet, has a ton of stuff they don't eat like corn and some kind of gree things, they leave all of that and just eat the seed, a total waste
1,I'm not sure what we did wrong, and why it doesn't work.  Perhaps we just need to wait a few years.
1,i love pocket hoses as they work well for my needs. That said, they last a season and done so not going to hold up in the long run. Arrived quickly. UPDATE - used probably half dozen times, hose crackled so had to throw out. NEVER AGAIN.
1,Strips were totally wrong. The chlorine was showing it was at the top. I compared it to other strips and one of those tst kits that use the tubes and drops. Waste of money buying these.
1,Wears out and cracks in 1.5 years.
1,Was completed Rusted out w/in a week and after 3 uses burnt a hole straight thru the bottom with only one log. Total waste of money.
1,UPDATE: The replacement failed too.		First time I turned it on I got drenched from the nozzle end fitting which seems to be cracked. The free nozzle was not included in the box either.		Wish I had read the reviews before ordering. I gave it a star because you have to in order to post a review.		...Bob
1,Had this rake for about a year, used in Florida and Alabama. In the latter state, it shattered a few weeks ago while doing some serious ground clearing of pin oak leaves in an elite tall turf type fescue lawn. The Fiskars rake can't bear manhandling, so I'd suggest it only for people who rake big leaves lightly, long-legged girls (the handle is long and light and will be repurposed for a hoe), or milquetoast yardners. When you put some muscle to it, the extremely flexible rake head will eventually shatter. My guess is the Florida sunshine and heat degraded the plastic just like it does everything plastic. For non-Floridians, this means that anything made of standard garden plastic (from Japanese extruding firms) rots in about a year of Florida weather. Watering cans, hose-end adapters, spray wands, plant pots, garden statues.... you get the picture. The best use of this rake is for larger leaved trees like red and white oaks, sugar maples or sweet gum. It is useless for pin oaks in Alabama, live oaks in Florida, longleaf pine needles in either. The good ol' tine rake is hard to beat.
1,Honestly I hate scoring these badly.  I wish for gardening there was an option just didn't work for me.  I'm sure others green thumbs can get these seeds to grow.  Some seeds were successful and some were not this planting period.		However, these just didn't grow for me. didn't germinate
1,Picked up one of the 1-gallon pots for an indoor garden and as soon as I added water mold developed around the entire pot almost immediately. I didn't have any mold issues before using the pot and haven't had any issues since getting rid of it. Use at your own risk.
1,Bought a brand new one of these.  Closely followed the directions for break in and operation.  Thing wouldn't start the second time we went to use it.  With a lot of effort it will idle and then die as soon as the throttle is pulled.  If the choke is on it will run roughly and then die at idle.  Useless!  Moved a lot of air when it ran, but the motor is total junk.  Save your money!  Ours was wasted.
1,Don't waste you time on these.  Go to the store and buy some for less $$	The fact that the roots have been removed seems to indicate that these are not grown in the USA or are organic!	The roots are removed from imported garlic..... Google it..
1,You need electric tools to get the nuts off!!!!  Last time for assembly required for me!! never again!
1,The Traeger pellet bag arrived torn and the pellets were scattered, I lost a lot of the contents.	I did not get what I paid for, as the bag was torn open.
1,I got two separate Taccas from two companies, and what 9greenbox sent me was horrible. The plant was frail, the leaves were unhealthy (the tips on all the leaves were withering, with older leaves rotted into papery pulp). There was only two tiny pale green-yellow leaves on this one! The other company's (Hirt's Gardens) Tacca was much bigger, there was plenty of healthy foliage, and it obviously could withstand being shipped better, being older. I don't expect this poor Tacca to survive, and must say that I am thoroughly disappointed.
1,Planted very carefully following all instructions in good soil with no results. It didn't even attempt to grow. Soaked the seeds as instructed but they would never sprout.
1,Good for about1 year. Don't get anything rubber
1,These are generic spools that don't auto feed in my Ryobi trimmer. They also break after about 10 seconds of use. So every 10 seconds you have to stop, flip over the trimmer, take the spool out, manually extend some line, put it back together and then trim for another 10 seconds. TOTAL JUNK DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY.
1,Product didn't work. Animals bit all the tubing overnight. I used to use Dig tubing which worked fine as far as animal bites but recently bought that product and same issue. It looks like both companies changed the formula for the tubing where it is no longer animal resistant.
1,Cheap chinese import, loose and floppy. Won't last long at all.
1,I am not sure if I am dealing with an intelligent mice, but I have not been able to catch a single one.  They eat the food and even move the trap around.  To add insult to an injury, they often leave their droppings all around.
1,I was swayed to buy these sprinklers by the many, good reviews, and the fact that they are inexpensive.  I returned them.		For context, we have about an acre of lawn.  I recently bought the Orbit 4-zone splitter and valve controls at Home Depot (like this one, but slightly different:  http://www.amazon.com/Orbit-58872N-Complete-Yard-Watering/dp/B003LY4I28/ ... incidentally, a great product).  We had two small patches that we needed to cover so I bought two of these sprinklers.		The description says "30' x 30'"  -- no way.  We have full water-pressure -- our rotating 'chick-chick-chick' sprinklers shoot 30'+ & our 'back-and-forth spray' sprinklers go to the 2nd story roof.  So, in that context, these little yellow iron blocks FAIL.  They spew water about 4-8' high and equally far in a square.  And a LOT of water.  I'd recommend them for a small yard or flower bed where you want short and intense watering; NOT for a bigger yard with grass needing water coverage.		The sprinklers themselves are solid and heavy.  The threads for the hose are good.  In short, they are well-built.  They just don't cover much grass, nor do they sprinkle it in an even, distributed way.
1,Piece of crap!!! My last bag lasted two seasons and this lasted a day. Made like garbage and had a slit in it where attaches to Velcro. Very upset and now without a working bag. Please send me another or refund.
1,Didn't appear to have any affect on our Mosquitos but they are unusually heavy this year.
1,This product is new and replaced one that also leaked, but the old one only dripped and I managed to hot glue spots where it dripped.	This one LEAKS in several places.	It is unusable.	I emailed Scotts and they defended the product and said they had very few complaints.	I suggested they read these reviews.	I guess they want us to buy the premixed products which apparently have a much higher profit margin.	Anyone find something to replace this product?
1,I wish I had not bought these. They're just small pieces of plastic.
1,It arrived short a critical part. I opted to make the part rather than wait for an unknow period of time.	It is also very narrow in stance so it tips over easily.
1,Disappointed with this item, so we returned.	Just kept leaking, tightened and then removed and refitted but unfortunately it kept leaking.		Previously we had a plastic one, which didn't leak but was broken by our gardener.		Brass was not the way to go this time.
1,Didn't seem to kill many weeds I had. I was disappointed. It was pretty expensive, I thought for not doing the job.
1,Don't wack any surface with this item. Mine has been tapped back together multiple times.
1,Nothing grew
1,This not only killed the Bermuda grass but all my grass. I must be mixing it too strong but when I make it weaker it doesn't kill the Bermuda.
1,Do not get this for hydro , it doesnt mix well. Has black chunks floating around that will not mix , not even in a blender.
1,Did not germinate.. So sad.
1,I purchased two flags with this holder. One broke after one month. The bracket is cast aluminum and is very thin in the section that failed.
1,<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Scotts-Turf-Builder-Classic-Drop-Spreader-Up-to-10-000-sq-ft/dp/B002ZTK09U/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Scotts Turf Builder Classic Drop Spreader, (Up to 10,000-sq ft)</a>	It arrived with the axle so badly bent that it wouldn't work at all. This did NOT happen in shipping.and should have been obvious at the factory, who ever assembled it knew. I completely disassembled it and straightened the axle. It's seems pretty flimsy but maybe it will do the job, This was certainly not getting off on the right foot.
1,My parakeets won't eat this.  There are some very large pieces here including corn.
1,sent it back--cheezy
1,died after 3 months of care
1,Forget changing yourself! I can change all the ntires on a  18 wheeler before ever getting 1 of these on a rim and sealed! Good buy,good tire,but they don't have the bead rim out far enough to get them to blow on to the rim so you can air them and anyone that says they can they are full of ****!!I took it to a tire place and they couldn't so I have to put a tube in both of them!!
1,I bought two of these. The first one broke the handle clean off in the first 60 seconds of use, the second jammed before it had a chance to break the handle off.		I would not use the JUNK product again.  It's really disappointing that Scotts started making things that need to be made of metal out of plastic.
1,If you haven't gotten any result from this bait,  I recommend trying this instead:  [...]  ..it's effective and safe. You can also research on the other health benefits of this and you might just be surprised. Check out also what other people say about it. Hope this helps.
1,I used this pump to pump water from my pond to my plants, it worked well for the first two weeks then it froze up and stopped working, returned it to Amazon for a replacement. If the replacement does the same thing then I will send it back for refund.
1,I bought the La Crosse Technology WS-9009BK-IT-CBP in September, 2011 to monitor the temperature in my pump house. I set the transmitter in the pump house, and the receiver in my kitchen, about 40 feet away with four intervening walls. It worked fine for three months, then I lost the signal and despite using fresh batteries I couldn't get it back at that distance. I moved the receiver to the bathroom; not as convenient, but 10 feet closer and near a window, so only two intervening walls. It worked for about four months, and I lost the signal at that distance. Again, I couldn't get it back. I moved the receiver into a bedroom by a window. The receiver was about 25 feet from the transmitter with two intervening walls. I still couldn't get a signal. I gave up on having the receiver in the house, and put it in the pump house. Now the receiver was eight feet from the transmitter and there was only 3/8" plywood and 4" of insulation (the actual pump enclosure) between the transmitter and the receiver. After re-establishing the signal with yet another set of fresh batteries, the signal lasted two weeks. Now I can't get a signal from the transmitter at all, despite carefully following the battery replacement instructions and trying to re-synch the receiver and transmitter with them within a foot of each other. Of course now I'm a couple months out of warranty.		This product represents a great idea, and the price is good, but in my experience it is so unreliable it simply isn't worth the cost. I won't be buying another.
1,Junk!! Had to buy a new pump for it and not the best design!!
1,Died almost instantly (and ordinary Petco catnip lasts forever here), and way too expensive.  That said, the cats loved it, and I harvested and dried the leaves when it died.  I'd ask for a replacement if it was worth the trouble.
1,It is waste of money. Spray my cucumbers  i see powdery mildew spread even  more .Have to look for something else.
1,These don't work.
1,Tried three strengths: 30ml, 40ml, 50ml each in 4 liters of water and the seedlings were stunted. Gave it a month. Leaves were mottled & white in the end and roots were not developing.
1,This kept flies away for 48 hours but then they just came back. Wouldn't recommend this.
1,Stiff seat cushion, like sitting on plywood. Back cushion also stiff and unusable, except for decoration. Fabric is scratchy like sail cloth, and not for everyday indoor or lanai use, unless you want a skin rash. Color received looks nothing like web site pic.  Similar sale now at Lowes for $45.00 and you see what color you get before buying.
1,Fertilize collects in Edgeguard collar causing the product to clump/pile up down the middle of the path you're spreading on. If you like fertilizer burn and stripes in your lawn then good luck to you. My old Scotts Basic Spreader is coming out of retirement.
1,They have not sprouted within a week
1,Too delicate
1,I have a green an not one came up don't waste your money.
1,Really hasn't worked well for me. It certainly doesn't work within 24 hrs. And often for the 1 or 2 weeds that it does have an affect on, it kills only the top leaves. I'm very disappointed with this.
1,Not water proofed
1,Worked one then melted.
1,hard to use but did slightly heat up the pool.  review says 10 motr eotfd trwuitrf do here you go.
1,This is the last  one I will buy. I have bought two with the black plastic junk hanging off the side that went T-up  after a few uses .TheI picture & model say MH15T . The older model . That is not true.
1,Had a big job and bought a poulan pro. Saw kept stalling and i the called company. They referred me to repair shops that don't even run maintenance on these saws. Two repair shops told me they canceled the service contracts because they're garbage and poulan corp is unprofessional but yet the still send people out of their way to go there. So I chalked my purchase up as a defect and returned it. Same story with the exchange. Two junk saws and lost two days work. No wonder why Tractor Supply had them on sale. Buy Stihl.
1,I've used this stuff a long time and never had issues, but the bag I got here was very bad. The microbes must have been contaminated because they diseased my plants horribly killing off one mother entirely. I don't keep sick plants when they're on the way out, too many concerns over cross contamination to other plants. I had to nurse the survivors for 2 months before they snapped back entirely.
1,While made well they don't perform well. When you open it up for the jet spray you get a kinda jet spray with a lot of broadcast. I've had cheap Dollar Store nozzles work better
1,Wow, I don't think I could be more disappointed in this cover.  It's incredibly light and flimsy, feels similar to silk (but heavier than silk).  The storage bag is a joke, it cannot be detached and is tethered to the bottom left corner of the hem - it just gets in the way when putting the cover on and sits on the ground when the cover is in place.  I can't see myself ever folding the cover up SO SMALL that it would even fit in this bag, so I cut it off and threw it out.  The velcro straps are WAY too big, mine arrived all crumpled up so I've got them straightened out and flat - maybe the wrinkles/creases will work themselves out and I'll cut the length of the straps down a bit so the cover can fit snug under the sides (and keep the wind from blowing it away!) without having 6 extra inches of strap sticking out.  I can't believe I paid $58 for this, I went with Weber expecting high quality - I've bought $10 covers that were better than this.  Many others have complained that it fades from black to gray quickly, so I'll probably only keep it for a year (or less) and replace it with a SureFit.
1,I planted my seeds and they did not grow. I am an experienced gardener and I planted them according to instructions and experience and there was no germination. I read about this cucumber in a magazine article and wanted to sample them but there was not growth. I saved the package and sent it back to Amazon for a refund and got it ok. Too bad. I won't try them again.
1,I had to return this as the units didn't sync with the main receiver
1,did not fit... more my problem than the manufacture
1,Not effective!! I could hear the moles laughing at me!! No; really!!!
1,I love gardening, and I would garden more if I had the space, thus the reason to give this stacking planter a try. I'm actually kind of sad that this didn't work out, and I'll keep trying different things with it, so maybe I can find a real use for it.		Assembly is easy, except that if you want to hang it, you have to put in the chain before putting the dirt in. I decided that I might want to hang it, so I put the chain in.		Then I put in my soil, little water, and excitedly planted my herb seeds. I figured I would use this as a mini herb garden.		Problem #1	Not enough light gets to the areas for the seedling to grow properly. I immediately noticed all my seedlings were very leggy. I tried to turn the planter through out the day as it sat in my south facing sunny window, but no go, just not enough light. Perhaps the solution would be to plant one side at a time until the plants are big enough and established to not have as much light. Or perhaps, transplanting full grown plants into the pots might be the better way to go, but then that defeats the purpose of a space saving planter.		Problem #2	The chain gets in the way if you're moving it. I found that I need to move it often to provide more light, but the chain actually gets in the way if it's not hanging. This was perhaps my fault, for putting the chain in place, but it's one of those put it on now or never kind of things. The chain became even a bigger problem when I decided to start separating my planter into three pieces so that my seedlings could get enough light. The chain is barely long enough to have all three pieces flat, and that includes being creative in positioning it, and then the chain moves the dirt around as you're trying to manage the planter when putting it back together (I just don't have the space to constantly leave it separated, and you only get one bottom dish with it).		Problem #3	This planter is not self watering in any way. I didn't expect it to be when I bought it, and I don't really care for self watering planters, but after trying it, I wanted to mention it, because someone might actually be counting on that.		So overall, I think it's a great idea, but not if you're starting out with seeds. I have a few other ideas I might try using it for, and will post an update if I find something that works with it.
1,I've used poultry nipples for years with great success, however these particular nipples have a habit of leaking from the inside of the unit where the metal ball seats .  A little better quality control would be a wise idea.
1,Dont waste your money. Nothing ate from this but as soon as I made sugar water mix here they came.
1,I purchased this trimmer/edger on May 29th 2010 and it arrived on June 9th.  I  followed the charging instructions to the letter.  Charge for 24 hours before first use, Run battery until dead, and recharge for another 24 hours, etc do this 5 times and your battery memory will be set and you will get the Max run time.  Well I am here to tell you that on August 11th 2010 my battery DIED. I got the red blinking light of death.  Go to [...] to see all the complaints about the battery side of this product.  When the trimmer did work it worked great for the 5-10 times I used it before the battery issues.  I was able to trim 600' of THICK grass on a charge was my first test of the product typically I am cutting normal grass trimming type stuff.  The edger feature does work well, fairly easy you just need to put your foot on the right spot to get the head to shift correctly.  The line does auto feed nicely.  One time I hit a small tree branch however and the spool popped off when the line grabbed the branch.  Line does go quickly on this unit because the trimming spool is so small compared to a gas or electric trimmer.  I would say the spool holds about 15-20' of line. However if you go to WORX website they have free trimming line for life which I guess for me was 2 months just pay shipping. The product looks good, feels sturdy, is light weight, and when the battery was working properly would trim grass very nicely.  The downside is if your battery fails like mine did this tool  is a $185 boat anchor....... Unless you want to buy another battery which will surely fail....  Also I am an electrician by trade and I know how to charge batteries in cordless devices properly so this is NOT operator error. I am in the process of contacting Worx to see how this issue can be resolved however looking at the FB complaints this could also be an issue. I will update in the future if anything happens.
1,Did a side by side comparison of this, KLN, and clonex rooting mixes. This was last in root mass, thickness, and lateral growth barely below clonex. KLN from dyna grow absolutely destroyed the other two by comparison. No match. Save your money and buy something else that works.
1,For our purposes, this thing was useless. It's SO tiny it needs to be really close, so for us, that meant a south facing window. Even in the shade, if the heat transmission from the rest of the window move near it we'd get wacky readings. IF you're thinking about putting this on ANY window that is NOT North facing, you're wasting your time...
1,This thing is really big.  If you have a big, big BBQ then it is too big.  Of course if "FITS" the smaller BBQs but really it is big.  I have to say it is great cover, and made very well, but it is big
1,these are very small
1,They stopped working. I took them apart. They were rusted and full of water. I have the Sweenys ones that have worked for 2 years. I would like to send these outxpro back, but not sure how, since they are 8 months old. I bought 4, and they were used. The other two are still working. ...guess that says something about buying used products.
1,VERY CHEAPLY made.  Arrived broken.  The outer housing is a soft plastic and bends all over the place.  Mine was so easily deformed that one side was broken off, so the outer housing was hanging on with only one anchor.  Furthermore, the electronics, when plugged in, did not work.  My recommendation is to go to the local hardware store and get one.  The low price of this makes it look like a great deal, but it is just money thrown away.  It arrived in a nice box and packaging with NO evidence of damage, so I am not sure how it was broken.
1,bracket holding door broke first use, i will have to put a new piece of wire on to hold it in place
1,I didn't count them all individually, but there was NOT more than 500 in the bag. I'd say about 1/4 of them were dead. The ones that were alive were nice and big.
1,Either these people don't care or are incredibly dumb, you decide. After taking the time and expense of sprouting, taking care of and tending these seeds all summer the end result was not a Jolokia as they advertised. Read the other reviews on this site ad you will see I'm not lying. Spend your money elsewhere! Boycott inept sellers!!! If there was a -5 star I would rate them.
1,If you feed the birds in your yard then you know they love suet, especially the woodpeckers!  While I did get a great buy on this case of suet through Amazon in comparison to area stores I was pretty disappointed in the quality.  As soon as I opened the suet container the suet was broken up and had a very odd consistency/texture.  I decided to still give it a try since this was a new kind of suet to what I had been using.  Well, the birds must have found it odd too since they wouldn't eat it.  I literally had to go outside and take it out of the suet feeders because they wouldn't touch it.  I won't be purchasing this again, pretty disappointed.
1,Be care when ordering to get the proper size, does not fit my nozzle. I think there  should be a chart to what they fit.
1,Dead on arrival...
1,I expected to get the product in the picture.
1,very poor pods seem to have bugs in them lost a lot of seeds in these pods plant came up but stems were sucked dry, other pods I have did not have this problem not my first time been growing for over 30 years
1,I purchased this to try to get some water out from under my house so I could repair my sump pump.  Despite all efforts to prime the thing and get it to pump, it never once passed water.  Eventually, the thing nearly locked up.  I'm just glad I didn't pay much for it as it was a total waste for me.  And to clarify my knowledge of using one of these, I had one before that I purchased at a local hardware store that worked, but it vanished.  I noticed a couple of other had the same issue and perhaps it's a bad run or a quality control issue.  I did hope that if someone buys one of these that they have better luck.
1,It should have fit my chiminea but it was very tight, don't think it will last long as it took some force to put it on the chiminea for the winter.
1,This thing is a PIA. First lets talk about accuracy. Yes it can be calibrated, but it never seems to be accurate. Secondly this is a fair weather only rain gauge. Read their forums. They only recommend you use this in temps above 40 degrees, and it only works in light to medium light rains. If you get a good solid rain, or a heavy thunderstorm. Don't even bother checking. Some people are reporting as much as 2/3rds of a variation from what actual rainfall is during a storm. Imagine a system that only measures 1/3rd of the actual rainfall during the spring and fall storm seasons, this is what you have here. Honestly, look else where. Mounting this thing is a total pain. Is has the same tripod screw mount as a camera. Yep, that little screw hole on the bottom of your digital camera... thats what this uses for mounting. Sure you can put screws through the plastic bottom just fine, but its really not designed with ease of placement. Just read their forums to get an idea of the problems. Accurate only during light, or semi medium rains. No use during fall or spring storm season when cold fronts can drop temps to mid 30s or below. Even people having to use a chemical to treat the plastic so it will capture rain. Thats right, its not even smooth to force water down in to the gauge. People are having to rainx otherwise the water sticks and doesnt drop in to the bucket. Save your time and money, look elsewhere.
1,I no longer care if the deer dine on my plants occasionally.  I feel like this product was put on this earth to teach me a lesson....that there are worse things than having your garden eaten.  The worse thing, in case you haven't guessed, is the smell of this product.  I describe it as rotting garlic + wet dog + trash truck juice, combined.  My other observations are:	1.  The stench made my outdoor area unusable for 2 solid days.  Now, if i directly sniff a plant i can still mildly detect it, but in my world the 2 days of stench cloud are NOT worth it.	2.  Flies LOVE this product and are drawn to it.  I have never seen so many flies.  Two days later, and there are still some about.	3.  Squirrels ran away and stayed away while it was strong.	4.  At all costs, DO NOT get this on you.  A leaf brushed my arm by accident when wet with this product and I had to use many rounds of exfoliation to make the smell go away.  Salycilic acid acne treatment pads seemed to work best.  But YUCK!!! I was already nauseous from the spray smell, but the fact that i had to fight to get rid of it made it much worse.	.	I cannot comment on the impact to deer.  They visit my house only 1-2 times a month, which I know may not have warranted buying this to begin with, but they raided my garden last week eating my growing flowers and vegetables and I was looking for a modern solution.  However, after one use the entire bottle went into the trash.  A neighborhood dumpster to be exact.... I would not risk having this bottle of stench near my house for 1 extra minute.  It could seriously destroy a car or garage if it leaks.
1,I bought this and the Homestead Super Stop-A-Squirrel feeder for my parents for Christmas as the squirrels were eating much of the feed and I wasn't sure which was a better product.		I'm surprised at all the good reviews.  This shouldn't be complicated...it's a bird feeder.		Biggest problem - birds won't go near it.  My parents have 3 other feeders including the Homestead feeder mentioned above.  The birds flock to the other feeders but won't go near this one.  All are located on poles within about a 7 foot radius.  It's definitely squirrel proof.  The squirrels won't even go near this thing.  It's not a factor of the tension spring - they just won't go near it?!  During this cold, snowy winter I would think that if the birds were afraid of it they'd get over it and feed from the thing.  But routinely the other feeders get emptied out and this one is full.  We've tried switching around the feeder positions and even taking it across their yard and hanging from a tree but it didn't help.		Now - the odd "bird closure" mechanism on top broke.  The latch for the locking mechanism under the roof part fell off.		Only reason I'm giving it 2 stars is because of the durability and large seed capacity.  We've had some significant wind around the beginning of this year.  One day when gusts were reaching 50+ mph this bird feeder was knocked down from a considerable height.  It survived very well even considering the rocks below it.  But it really doesn't make a difference if birds won't use it.
1,It lasted using it, twice!! A total of less than 10 minutes.  Very fragile.  A complete waste of money, time and anything else attached to buying/using something.
1,Doesn't really work very well and it costs a bit much for the quality of the product you receive.
1,I followed the instructions as illustrated on the package and no results. I reseeded the ground and sprinkle lawn-grass fertilizer and water with miracle-grow lawn fertilizer and still no results. I am going to re-till my ground again; this time I am going to add nitrogen, worm casting and the remaining two bags of manure, next I am going to till all the components into the ground. I am going to sprinkle the remaining bag of  TriPro Annual Ryegrass seeds and sift them into the ground and water and wait 2 weeks. According to the instructions I should see results within one week no later than two. The only grass that sprouts up successfully is the wheat-grass for animals but only in spots. I see why people pay to have already process grass (sod) because putting in grass is hard work. June 11,2013 after one week no results I have added one bag of manure, sprinkle nitrogen, have not added worm casting and just purchase some calcium, which will not arrive to me on Friday June14,2013; I will add it on Saturday June 15,2013 and re-add a photo on Sunday June 16,2013.
1,PAINT CAME OFF..
1,hasn't worked for me
1,Just get an HPS setup, this does not cut it, nor will any budget LED ballast!
1,didn't work very long,
1,After ordering three different gazing balls we finally settled for this one, but I'm not completely satisfied.  It has very little rainbow effect.  It's mostly blue, with a small bit of purple around the base.  There is minimal variability of colors.  I'm tired of hassling with this project and will settle for this one.  I guess this is one product you just have to see for yourself before deciding.
1,no fruit
1,This basket did not work with my 5/16 spit.  It shifted and came partly open, jamming the motor.  It should work fine on 1/2" spits.  Personally I prefer baskets with a door so I can add/remove food without taking it off the spit. (the spit keeps the two haves together)
1,LIKE the colors -- design bought it for a door mat [ I'm a gardener ]		Absolutely USELESS as a doormat!  :P		Thin -- NO "pile"  USELESS!		*may* find a frame for it and put it on my garden wall for color tho --
1,It fit but it is 1/4" shorter than original wheels. Grill wobbles now.
1,DO NOT BUY! I was looking for an incubator, but wasn't looking to pay a ton. I read the reviews. There was a fair amount of negative but I thought well maybe people just didn't do it right. I ran it for three days to get everything just right. Put my eggs in, day 7 came and everything on the screen stopped working and it smelled like melting plastic. So I stuck a second thermometer in to check. It spiked to 112 degrees F. It basically cooked my eggs. I didn't even get one use out of it without it malfunctioning. I contacted the company, got an email that said they were on vacation. Later that day I got a response back, responded to them and I got another email that said sorry they were on vacation. This was ongoing. Finally got $30 back. Needless to say I purchased a different incubator.
1,read this is decoration no real birds can fit in these tiny holes
1,Kept meaning to come back to update. I no longer recommend this hose. Of my original 2 hoses, one sprung a several leaks at about the 3 month mark despite only occasional very careful use as a front porch watering hose and at 5 months broke at the attachment to the sprayer- basically just popped off during use and can no longer connect. The second one fared somewhat better however today at the 9 month mark it actually exploded while I was washing the car. At the time I purchased the hoses they were $34.95 so I'm out $70. I do not recommend the hoses, they are not "heavy duty" and as much as I appreciated the ease of having a non heavy hose to do simple things like wash the car or bathe the dogs, it turned out to be a complete waste of money.		Original review, July 2016: Got two of these hoses mid July and I'm giving them 4 stars for now pending an update after a more extended period of use. For what it is meant to be, the hose is great. It is lightweight but the casing of the hose seems durable and the connections are solid. Getting the sprayer was a plus. We have several heavy duty 50 ft hoses in various locations (got them at Costco) but they are just unnecessarily big and heavy for certain jobs. Often, after use, the hoses would retain 50 feet of water that had to be carefully drained otherwise the area would flood. As far as the Kona hoses, one is on a front porch and is used for watering some plants that don't have sprinklers and the other is connected where we bathe the dogs. Watering some plants and bathing the dogs with these hoses has been a pleasant experience and when the job is done, you don't have to worry that there is a ton of water still in the hose because you can see it contracting. I think I appreciated the hose most when bathing the dogs. As compared to our regular hose this one felt super light. The hoses are kept connected but coiled in a storage bucket so protected somewhat from the elements. I would rate them 5 stars but prefer to wait to see how they do over time. One last comment, this hose are not for you if you need high pressure output, think of it more as a convenient hose for light duty tasks..
1,NONE of the seeds took, even through different planting/seeding methods
1,I never write reviews but feel for safety I should just say these gloves allow the heat through, I used them to get a Dutch Oven out of the range and the heat came through quite a lot, I do not consider that I am sensitive to heat. These gloves are pretty useless they don't work for the job I bought them for, will have to look at buying something else.
1,This is NOT deluxe bird seed.  Has lots of filler in it that the birds just discard.  Does not last long for this reason.
1,I've had little to no luck with this product.  After repeated applications, most of my weeds remain.  It dispenses easily and is easy to apply.  I'll have to try something else.
1,I bought this product after reading the good reviews. Some thing is digging up my cucumber and canalope seeds. I put the predictor guard at one end of the garden, planted more seeds. The next day something dug in the mounds and ate the seeds. Then I put the guard 10 Ft. Away from the mounds and built mounds not planting seeds. The next day cucumber mounds were dug up again! So then I removed Preditor Guard	check its operation, okay. I took the Preditor Guard, turned it on and faced it to one of our cats. The cat just sat there stared at me and layed down looked at me! I returned this PREDITOR GUARD.	So you see how well this Preditor Guard chases critters. DO NOT BUY THIS DEVICE!
1,Do not clean your brushes with this especially in the garden. I'm an artist and I used this to clean my brushes and it worked great but wherever it spilled, it killed everything--like maybe its radioactive? It was fine on the kids toothbrushes, though, I think.
1,Took me a bit to put this together because the instructions aren't very specific, but once together, it's a great cart. The bolts and everything are packaged and numbered, which is awesome.. It's just that the instructions don't explain how tight to tighten the bolts, etc.. I had to watch a utube video to get all the info I needed. I highly suggest it before putting it together.	The cart itself is great and I love that I can dump dirt out of it. I use it for all kinds of things around the yard. At 63, it's getting harder and harder to lug things around the yard and walk back and forth to the garage. I can load this thing up with everything I need and make one trip to wherever I'm working rather than multiple trips.	Seems very heavy duty. I've filled it with dirt several times and never had any problems with it.	UPDATE: It's been about 6 weeks since I put it together with pretty light usage. The other day I loaded 3 bags of dirt in it to haul to our backyard garden. They weighed about 60 lbs total. I emptied the cart and then backed it up a bit. The front wheels kind of jack knifed, and are now stuck in that position. I have no idea why. I was barely pushing it, just needed to back it up a foot or so to then pull it through the yard. I've tried to loosen the bolt that holds the front wheel bracket in place, but it makes no difference. It is stuck in that jack knifed position. All it will do now is continue to turn in a tight little circle, making it useless. It's rated for 600 lbs, but 60 lbs did it in????
1,Honestly this stuff breaks constantly.  The other style I was using was lost in a move and I got this as a replacement.  Constantly breaks and doesn't seem to cut very well.  I'll just burn through it and get a different one.
1,I have applied 5T/Gal strength to ground moss, weeds, salal and English Ivy once a week for two weeks and it hasn't worked yet. I had my wife check my mix ratio just to be sure I was at 5:1. I am going to spray one more time this week and reevaluate its worth.
1,The coving itself is of the quality you would expect from foam. The problem is that once you peel off the adhesive backing there is literally no "stick" left. Luckily I work on a lot of cars and had some cans of headliner spray handy to make this work. If you have headliner spray or a similar spray adhesive on hand, great. If not, you going to be really upset if you're in the middle of an install and you have to go to the store to buy adhesive. Consider yourself warned!
1,Nice looking, comfy, inexpensive--so what's not to like?  The chair leaks rusty water all over the patio whenever it rains or gets wet.  We regret buying it.
1,The short count was bad, but worse was the failure of over 90% of the seeds to sprout. I hope seller will consider sending a replacement.
1,First, two of the four connecting seams were bent.  This made it difficult to secure a uniform fit.  More importantly, the metal is flimsy.  After doing the math, a 1mm side wall is equal to about 19-20 gauge.  A good fire pit liner should be 7-12 gauge.  This is going back to Amazon ASAP.  Thank goodness I purchased mine from Amazon, as they are great at accepting returns.
1,surely carrots are easy to grow, so when not a single one came up, I wondered what was going on. Maybe there was a late frost I didn't know about, so I tried again 2 weeks later, and again nothing. So I tried a different spot, again nothing. finally a 4th time, and nothing. Gave up and bought regular seeds in the store. They have been down 4 days and growing just fine
1,These are cheaply made plastic. They do snap shut,  Haven't seen a rat yet that wouldn't walk away with the 1/2 oz, plastic trap. They do have a sticky tape base, better hope it sticks to your floor, else the rat is running away until it kicks the trap off. Poorly made,  Not strong, Isn't killing a rat, more like an inconvenience for a minute or two.  I snapped one on my finger a couple times to test, yes it snaps shut, I wiggled my finger fell off. I have doubts about many of the reviewers, doubt it would even stop a small mouse. They basically snap shut using a rubber band they weigh less than a mouse, I doubt one will ever hold or dispense with a rat.
1,Did not work
1,the set is great if you can get it to work...only one transmitter works all the time..the other one is hit and miss...as soon as clouds come it shows its raining !! not worth the cost..i can look out my window for free and see the weather..
1,It seems I have some persistent weeds, even this did not choke out the clover I have growing in a part of my back yard.  So far, Scotts, Bayer and this have not worked.  Shovel may be next!
1,~~~~~~Update Apr 30, 2012~~~~~~	I followed the suggestion on the comments by Mr. Dang and others: shortened the handle, adjusted my grass height from 4" to a shorter 3", and 'floated' the mower. Unfortunately, this did not fix enough of my issues. It was still difficult for me to push, although I did lose traction less often. I invited my neighbor over to try it out and she had a great deal of trouble pushing it. She said it would take "Hercules" to mow a lawn. Her husband came by and said that you had to have a lot of upper body strength to push it. This mower would be good for younger ladies, but not middle aged women.		Sorry to all the people who are clearly disappointed with my experience using this lawnmower. I realize you had a "5 star" experience, unfortunately I did not.		April 27, 2012	As a woman, I have trouble mowing our lawn with our giant gas-powered Honda mower. I can rarely even start it, and don't want to mow with it because it's so powerful and I can barely control it. Because I'd like to be able to mow my own lawn, I got the Fiskars mower.		I put together the Fiskars 17" StaySharp Push Mower very quickly. The small booklet has 2 double pages of clear and simple instructions. It took me one tool (a wrench), and about 30 minutes. It would have been quicker, but I was also watching the morning news while I was assembing the mower. Basically, you just put pieces of the handle together, screw on back wheels, and cotter pin the handle to the blade-part. Adjusting the mower height is really easy too. This is an important feature because one should never "scalp" a lawn. Scalping (cutting off more than half of your grass' height) allows weeds to over run your lawn, and basically hurts your grass' ability to look gorgeous.		Now comes the hard part: mowing the lawn. One design flaw is that the handle is made to move forward, probably for upright storage. This makes pushing the mower more difficult because I lost my mower-pushing traction when I'd have to push hard and the handle would fly forward. Every time it did that, I'd have to start all over again with my push from a full stop. What a waste of human energy. It made it way harder to mow and I ended up using my waist to help me push--yes, totally awkward. My wrists also hurt after mowing. I'm 5'6", it would be even more awkward for someone shorter.		The grass clippings are moved in front of the mower, not behind you like a regular mower. So if you get a clump of grass, you've got to mow it twice. Also, it leaves unsightly grass clumps on the sidewalk since it throws the clippings forward.		Also, the edges of your lawn will have "fringe" where it meets any cement. The overall look that I was left with would be best described as "clumsy". Besides the fringe perimeter, I was also left with other long grass because of the limited reach of this mower. I wanted to pull out my gas mower immediately and fix the clumsy cut of the Fiskars.		Pros:	* Easy assembly	* Relatively light, as mowers go	* Nearly silent, much appreciated quiet		Cons:	* Difficult to get traction because of mower handle	* Have to mow with waist to regain lost traction	* Grass clippings deposited in FRONT of mower	* Leaves unsightly fringe around yard perimeters	* Challenging on any incline at all, even low ones	* Makes me want to pull out gas mower and redo terrible cut because Fiskars mow looks awful	* Off-gassing from smelly plastic		I don't recommend buying this if you care about how your lawn looks.
1,trash
1,Amazon shipping sent the tiller in the original carton with no over wrap. I was suspect as I viewed the holes in the carton and the loose tape. After looking in, I was convinced that this tiller would not do the job that I originally planned for. I went out and rented a mid-tine tiller from Home Depot to do the job. I appreciate the Mantis name and reputation, but I planned a 20 by 20 foot garden and wanted to 'till' through grass to start the garden. After a quick look....this was not ever going to do the job. The rented tiller with the Honda gas engine and 60 lbs of weight was still a work out, but I am so glad to have used it instead of this narrow lightweight machine.	This is a cultivator for an established garden and no more.
1,Timer works ok, it doesn't leak, but almost no water comes out. Way too restricted.
1,At first it was great--read outside temperature from ten feet away.  After a day without being touched, quit reading outside temp.  I then moved it to within a foot of the outside sensor.  Worked then quit working after a day.  I tried it in maybe half a dozen locations and always the same thing--worked for a short while then quit.  The inside temp works fine but that, of course, is not why you buy this device!  P.S.--changing batteries doesn't help.
1,So the shortest cut is 1.8 inches....almost a 2-inch tall lawn?  You slave over cutting your lawn in the hot heat and this is what you end up with?  Why bother to cut your lawn at all?  That's the message I'm getting from Worx.  What a joke of a product!!
1,Does not fit my 46 Craftsman mower.  Needs about another 1/2 inch.  Waste of money
1,Rocks are really big, and the bags bring 7-9 of them (bought three bags, one had 9, the other two, 7). Rocks aren't smooth or glossy like in the picture. They look like average backyard stones.
1,Why 2 stars? It looks, acts, and feels like a 3 to 4 star unit, until you take into account:	Manual claims 10 second update, actual remote temp update is every 30 seconds, making it a bit unsuitable for ice warning for driving.	There is no provision to provide power to the unit when the vehicle is on (nor is there a backlight), making this entirely powered by a coin cell.	The time display if you were to want it is "bizarre" with hours labled "hr" and minutes labled "m" and spread widely across the display lower right.	Really not meant to display time, meant to display min/max temps - and the clock is only there to reset min/max at midnight.	Contrast is reasonable at angles slightly below straight on, and very very slightly above straight on. Display is ~useless viewed from above at 45 degree angle, or from below about 70 degree angle.  Combined with slow update, lack of power input, lack of backlight, the result is only 2 stars.	If I find the cable too short to reach the front of the vehicle (likely), this will drop to 1 star. Cable reaches from left edge of dash to inside of left fender just forward of driver door. One star.
1,I planted half of these seeds almost a month ago.  Not one has germinated.  I planted the other half of the seeds a week ago. Still no carrots.  I will never buy from this seller again.
1,Cheap Plastic, I doubt it will stand up to much more than a light breeze
1,It is frustrating to spend your money on a product and then not be able to access it all. Which is what happened with this can of insect repellent: there wasn't enough propellant to get all the product out. I can hear a fair amount still sloshing around in the can but no more spray.		Besides, while it appeared to do well enough in repelling insects, it had a too-strong smell so I always felt I needed a shower immediately, and could feel it being kind of oily or rubbery on my skin.		I am going to try some of the kinds that have a higher percentage of DEET, and ones with a mechanical spray as well. If, like me, you are investigating the "Repel" brand now on the market, be careful because so far that manufacturer has not been forced to list the inactive ingredients, and some of their products are made in China, if you know what I mean. Without a full ingredient list, you won't know whether an allergen has been snuck in.
1,feed the plants and it seem tokill them
1,I DONT HATE IT AT ALL!!!!  the steam grate chipped after first use! it was not chipped before i used it. amazon replace it! the second one came chipped! im not saying it is amazons fault. IN MY OPINION- it is due to the fact that the enamel is to thin. i have been using enamel wear since i can remember!  any one 40 or older(maybe younger) will know what i an talking about.even the enamel wear sold for camping today is better! enamel i stats of ass a powder and after it is heated it turns into glass!  amazon said to donate them! RIGHT!!! into recycle bin for them! just beware- INSPECT THE ITEM FIRST!
1,Never germinated!
1,They are pretty nice.	The holes all lined up for me (unlike the one-star reviewer), and they were pretty easy to install.	BUT	I dropped on from about waist level by accident, and it shattered into a bunch of pieces after landing on the dirt. So they are pretty fragile.	On the other hand, if you don't have butter fingers, they may work out for you.
1,Bought for our spa & it clumped up causing the filters to clog & left mess on bottom of spa. Must not be the correct choice for this spa.
1,The bait jams all the time and I can't force it into the ground to get to the gopher's tunnel in a lot of cases.  Only works in very soft soil and then it jams anyway.  I would have been much better off just taking a piece of rebar, a hammer, and a funnel and driving a hole into the tunnel with the hammer and rebar and then putting the poison in with the funnel.  This is just a gimmick that doesn't work.
1,Even the best Weber tools, spatulas, get too hot to use hanging on the tool holder
1,Not fiskars. It is not branded at all except where it says China. Flimsy. I returned it and Amazon didn't even want it back.  I chucked it in the bin.
1,Did not work. Just kept spinning all the time, full or empty, squirrel or no squirrel.
1,Very nice umbrella but the crank broke the third time I used it. Amazon is sending a replacement so I hope this is not a common problem with this product.
1,Doesn't work the little critters don't mind it all!
1,This is a cute unit that produces a nice waterfall that changed the water colors with the LED lights, without adversely affecting pressure in the other return jets.  As others have said, it is quite noisy, but that is understable given it's function.  However, I only got to enjoy about half a season with mine before the lights went out!  The rest of the time, I just had a very noisy fountain.  I will be trashing it and replacing it this year with another unit, so the price is awful high for the amount of time I was able to use it.
1,Actually I don't hate it, THE BIRDS HATE IT...it seems this feeder pad is SO narrow there really is no place for them to perch...NOT as pictured, so maybe we got the new and unimproved model...only the tiniest of birds will attempt a landing and feeding...In the photo-ad it looked like the an older barn feeder I had...wrong...save your money on this unless you're attempting to draw in miniature species...and actually, even the Chickadees and Sparrows aren't comfortable trying to land and feed...the squirrels love it:  they immediately discerned how to open the loading lid and helped themselves...I suppose the laughter from watching that might offset the twelve bucks I paid for this junk...save your money and keep looking...I'm pretty disgusted that the myriad photos in the ad for this junk are not of the product I received.
1,Not best quality and comes without the stand. The very first picture that you see when you enter the product page on amazon is this hammock with the stand; however, pay attention. This hammock comes WITHOUT the stand. Something I didn't think of reviewing in the product description and bought it. Now I'm stuck with it. I think this is how this company sells their products. You buy one, now you are forced to buy the other for a much higher price. This is definitely false advertising.		I contacted the company and explained my situation. Their response was "amazon does not let us put notes on the pictures". Come on! Use Photoshop to add text to the photo, it only takes 2 minutes!
1,Poor quality, owned by Miracle-Gro/Monsanto
1,Would be great if this trap actually caught and held the rats! Won't be buying anymore of these.
1,It worked fine for 4 or 5 rats and then started to get persnickity.  It would trigger and no rat would be in the trap,  or it would not trigger and the bait would be gone.  I suspect this device is very dainty concerning any dust or oils left by the rats and anything will cause it to dysfunction.
1,This owl definitely works, I've even had other birds (sparrowhawks) fight with it on the fence line.  Hummingbirds ignore it but blackbirds, bluejays, etc give it 100' or more.  However, the lifespan of the solar-powered movement was less than 1 year.  Now it is just a stationary owl decoy.  The stationary hawk decoys seem to work just as well, and about $10 less per unit.
1,Did not work
1,Super disappointed in this product. It is very potent, smell-wise, and makes everything around it smell. It has a cheap plastic cap for attachment to the hose, which cracked and broke off immediately, rendering the product useless. Trying to find organic fly and bug treatment - this is not it!
1,kind of a small tube.  great for smoking small items, but takes a lot of oversight
1,Difficult to assemble and disassemble.  I misplaced the charger and there seems to be no where buy parts.  I would not buy it again.  The manual and web site are no help, email, phone or address.
1,Did not fit basket holders, useless.
1,The ceramic tip broke while I was inserting it into the SOFT soil.  I would never purchase another one.
1,This looks like a good idea, but the light bulbs dimmed, and it hardly attracts anything. It killed a few bugs, but didn't keep anyone from being bitten.
1,Used it 3 times. Now it won't even turn on. Didn't last a month. Even bought new batteries.... it's a dud
1,Tried to use it on my succulent but the pump didn't work. Will u send me a free replacement ?	Thanx	Daisy Ross
1,Didn't really do anything to the plants. Saw no difference n the pants.
1,Ok not good for fertilizer
1,Thought I just needed 2-3 plants and that this would be a good deal.  I've planted plenty of these and know the time and needs of them.	I got none.  Went back to some dried ones I had left over from last year and they sprouted in 8 days and I now have plenty.  I just didn't want to take the chance that these might have crossed with something else.  I'll go elsewhere, like Totally Tomatoes, in the future.
1,I live in north GA and nimblewill  invaded my turf type fescue a year ago.  I have been applying  Tanacity with a backpack sprayer using an added surfacant at 1 to 2 week intravals as instructed for 2 summers now.  It turns everything yellow including the nimblewill.  But it does NOT kill it. Comes right back. Will give up and roundup half my lawn this fall.
1,It's waterproof but it does not fit a Big Green Egg size Large well. It's really baggy and loose and the draw string allows you to zip it down about 1". Would not purchase again.
1,Broke after one use
1,Sick plants, failure. Refund please. Lol
1,didn't work, this was a waste of money.  The squirels just jump around it, or they can grab it and climb over it.  its useless
1,I bought one of these at Lowe's last year and it's a nice looking unit. However, after about 7 months the glass bulb broke and became useless. I'm in Houston so we don't have extreme weather so it shouldn't have failed.
1,my chickadees and other birds cannot get these very large shelled nuts out of the squirrel proof tube feeder. very disappointed.
1,The pouch punctured before I even hung it up I believe it came that way possibly. The product in here is so awful smelling that wouldn't leaked over the kitchen it's almost impossible to get the smell to go away.	Even if I hadn't I don't know that I would use it again because wherever you hung it would have to be far enough away where you wouldn't smell it.
1,Did not work !
1,They go in, eat the food, take a dump, and leave. Totally useless for our mouse problem, and we seem to have quite a few running around at night.		I would give it zero stars if I could.
1,I got it to clean a fountain of debris that settles to the bottom. The debris is bigger than sand, but still light duty cleaning. The aqua broom just isn't powerful enough to clean anything much more than a small batch of sand. Using it do any more than a couple of minutes and it starts to lose power.		If you're concerned it won't be powerful enough for what you need than it isnt. I wish I knew of another product to recommend,
1,It is hard to mess up Azomite but when you put it in a bag that does NOT seal aka reuasable I think that most people would go to the next vendor that does.
1,This is the wrong size and can not get them to replace it as of yet
1,Great concept but it just doesn't work very well for cooking meat. It is hard to clean. I am going back to non-stick aluminum foil.
1,Prepare to get wet if you plan on using this extended all the way.  I have both 9 and 18 foot gutters.  It worked perfectly on the single story gutters.  On the second story gutters it was a challenge not to drown!  The pressure of the water at full extension makes this very hard to control because the housing could be a little stronger to add more support.  The curve at the end of the extension should have a little more depth to it to help to keep it in the second story gutters.  Clean your gutters on a hot day so that you don't mind the soaking you will receive.		I attempted to use this twice and got a bath both times.  I have not tried to use the brush that came with the Guttermaster because I do not feel you will be able to control the device and scrub at the same time.  Please do not try to use this while standing on a ladder.  The pressure at the end of the hose will make you very unsteady.  I would also recommend that you do not use this device if you have kids or elderly in the yard.  Once you lose control of this item, it comes down quick.  I ended up watering my neighbors garden by accident and it is off my property by at least 30 feet.		I hope Guttermaster will come out with a stronger unit that offers more support when extended and less leaks!  Buyer beware!
1,Does not have near enough power, especially when compared to electric trimmers. Batteries are ridiculous as far as consumption / trimming achieved. Returned this and bought a black and Decker electric trimmer instead (same size trimmer). The difference is like night and day! I would only recommend this if you absolutely positively must use the battery version for whatever reason.
1,Poor Quality!  Falls apart with few uses.
1,This is a great concept, but it is a total failure. I have been fiddling with it for several days now and it either has no pressure or slowly builds up to way to much pressure. I got this so I wouldn't need to babysit their water, now I am babysitting their water constantly, trying to get the pressure right. Plus the gauge seems to either be broken or can't register under 3 psi.
1,The biscuits are fragile and do not stack well in the stacker.  I highly suggest you do not leave extra biscuits in the unit.  The humidity will cause them to fall apart in the unit.  You definitely need the cover.
1,Made my spa water cloudy. I returned it for a prompt refund.
1,Uuuuuh what now?? My father ordered this for me for a birthday gift and it came in the mail today with a notice on the mesh part stating that there MAY be a chemical in this product known to the state of California to cause reproductive cancer and birth defects. Does that sound like food grade plastic?? Not to mention it is the most knoxious chemical smell! I can't get it out of my nose! It's like the perfume in a port-a-john multiplied by 10. I'm supposed to trust this with drinking water and water my vegetables with it?! What a scam! I see nothing listed on here about cancerous chemicals prior to purchase, i feel like we got swindled!		Edit: after contacting the company they have informed me it is because of the brass nozzle. Then why not use something else?
1,I suppose I didn't read the description  very well, as these were more like tea light size.  was hoping for Pillar candle width.  I had to return.  (which thanks to Amazon Prime, is super easy)
1,Worked for 1 day, then nothing.
1,not the right thing
1,I live in Phoenix where the soil is really hard. When i try to put these thing in the ground they break up. You must have very soft soil for these to work.
1,none grew!
1,This product might be convenient, but I recommend NOT using it.  It contains red dye and a preservative, both of which may be damaging to hummingbirds.  You do not need red food coloring in nectar in order to attract hummingbirds.  Most hummingbird feeders have plenty of red on them to attract the birds.  A simple mixture of 4 parts water to 1 part granulated sugar is all that is needed for hummingbird nectar. Never use honey or sugar substitutes.  It's simple to make nectar and keep refrigerated and certainly safe for the birds.  We prefer safeguarding the health of these little birds rather than the supposed convenience of this product.
1,I bought this because of the high reviews. Well, it turns out that when I poured in the bird seed, most of it poured out on the ground, making the squirrels very happy. Seriously, the the problem with this unit is that the bird seed flows out of the four holes, almost faster than one can add the bird seed.		Determined to make this work, I cut some dry wall mesh to insert over the holes. Now the birds seem to be happy, and the bird seed doesn't spill out onto the ground.		But I suspect that most people won't have dry wall mesh on hand to modify this bird feeder so that it will actually work, which is why I am giving the product just two stars.		On the plus side, I suspect that the unit really is squirrel proof, since both before, and after my modifications, the squirrels are picking up the droppings that fall from this feeder.		So, after my simple modification, the squirrels are happy. The birds are happy. My wife and I are happy.
1,I placed one order for two sets of a dozen blades.  I received two plastic bags from two different manufacturers.  Neither set of blades are  made by Stihl, they do not have the Stihl part number molded into them as the Stihl-made blades do, and are made of  different materials from the Stihl-made blades and from each other.		The blades that came in an unmarked bag had a different, finer edge than the Stihl-made originals, and bent very easily.  None of them lasted long before becoming bent, and once bent they would get caught inside the Stilhl PolyCut 20-3 head into which the blades mount, requiring disassembly of the head and replacement of the bent blades.		The blades that came in the "Stens" marked bag had the same edge shape as the Stihl-made originals.  They  are pretty good, but not as strong nor as stiff as the Stihl-made blades.  although much better than the unmarked bag of blades, yet they would all too soon bend and get caught inside the Stilhl PolyCut 20-3 head.		I can buy authentic Stihl-made blades at my local Stihl distributor for the same price,  The last longer, hold up to abuse better, and they don't bend with hard use.
1,Too difficult to open... to refill bird seed...
1,I used this for two falls. When I went to use it this fall it was dead. This is disappointing, because for what I paid for it I think it should last longer. I did not use it at any other time of year, so it's not like it had a ton of wear on it.		I very much prefer yard gear that is not gas-powered. However, I might reconsider that if I buy another blower-vacuum. While this was able to handle small clusters of leaves well, if a larger clump was sucked it, it tended to stress the motor. Forget acorns and seed pods. They would jam it completely. What the vacuum did mulch, though, it did a great job with. I've used the leaves as mulch in various beds around the house with fantastic results. By the spring those leaves have turned into rich black dirt -- great for the plants!		Other complaints: The bag popped a hole right at the cuff in its second year. I had to duct tape the bag to the connector to keep the mulch from blowing out the hole. It was not a great solution. And having to unreel a long power cord, drag it around the yard and then respool was enough of a hassle at times to drive me to a rake.
1,never grew
1,Eh... It's not gold.  It's orange - of course, it's not the first time you've read that.  It doesn't fit my flag pole cap without modification to my cap, so it's pretty much worthless.  Not worth the effort to send it back so it will be added to the garage sale stuff for next spring.
1,I bought four of these in the last few months. First one blew apart today after two months.  Definitely not built to last.
1,Went with the Scotts Turf Builder Lawn Food - Starter Food for New Grass Plus Weed Preventer,  instead of Scotts Turf Builder Weed and Feed Fertilizer because I wanted to over-seed after I aerated this Spring.  Big mistake.  The grass and seed are showing great results, but the clover and chickweed in my yard seemed to be fed rather than killed by it.  I spent two hours spot-spraying yesterday to do what the Weed and Feed Fertilizer did for me the past two years so I have been dealt a two year setback with regard to weed and clover control progress by relying on this product.  In the future, I will revert back to straight weed and feed fertilizers for weed control and go with the much cheaper Scotts starter fertilizer for seeding.  Simply did not work as advertised for me.
1,for a fire starter its awfully hard to start.
1,This only comes with 3 starters. That's $4.33 per seed starter. I get that only 3 plants will fit on the 7-spaced AeroGarden, but this is misleading as the picture shows 7 (I see the plant food is hiding the empty spacer pods).		It does come with plant food.
1,not good
1,After reading so many decent reviews, I bought this equipment.  The devices never worked more than a half day.  The outside reading would go blank on both indoor units.  I could get them to work by removing and replacing the batteries.  I checked all six batteries (2 per device) with a voltmeter and they are all brand new.		AVOID THIS PRODUCT!
1,No hotter than my cheapo Wallyworld $4.75 zapper and one heck of a lot more expensive. Harbor Freight model for $3.95 is much better. The Home Depot model for $3.75 or so works just as well also. The extendable One Shot works better yet but that model is no longer made. Time after time the Executioner would fail to even respond to the bug or spider and pulling out one of the others got the job done. When my others with their AA batteries need replacement its cheap. When this thing with its C cells goes its not so cheap.
1,Broke right away.
1,Shovel came all dinged up and with a very rough handle. I got splinters in my hands from the unfinished handle.
1,Seems to work ok but you need a magnifying glass to read the various levels being measured. Add to that the text on the bottle is poorly printed and a little blurry makes it even harder to read.
1,cable much thinner than my other 10mm and the MC4 connectors does not match well with Renogy MC4 too well. A little hard to disconnect MC4 if paired with Renogy connectors. Should of stuck with same brands.
1,It served it's purpose for a short while.  Very flimsy, and never stood straight.  Spend a bit more and get a better stand.
1,When I bought this chainsaw 5+ years ago it was a good deal in relation to what else was available, but this is no longer the case. There are much better choices at the same price in electric chainsaws with tool-less chain tensioning, sprocket tip bars and effective automatic oilers. The chain oiler on this chainsaw is simply awful, and stopped working properly after a couple of years of very light use. After reading the fine print in the manual I discovered that you cannot use normal tacky chain oil in the oiler, because it will gum it up and must instead use regular motor oil. Motor oil will not stay on the chain and lubricate it properly, and instead gets flung all over the place including the operator. Also, the oiling system leaks badly when the saw is not in use, and the manual instructs you to "empty the oil tank after every use to prevent seepage." Incredible ! During heavy use the chain gets very hot, expanding to the point that it constantly falls off the bar. The chain tension has to be constantly adjusted by loosening two hex nuts with a wrench, turning a small wing nut and then re-tightening the two nuts. I've replaced the chain twice and the bar once. I completely dismantled and re-assembled the saw in a vain attempt to revive the oiler. This year I'd had enough and bought two new 14" and 18" electric chainsaws with automatic oilers that work properly with tacky chain oil, have super easy tooless chain tensioning and sprocket tip bars to reduce chain and bar wear and maintain chain tension better.
1,I strongly agree with the other one star reviews, kept the traps in areas where moths were prevalent..nothing..		just for an experiment, placed a Springstar trap..opened the same time etc..about 2 feet away...in 2 weeks the Springstar had 15 moths...these..	none
1,Not grown in USA! The small print is what you need to read not the pretty big letter bold faced text!
1,Reason it takes so long to arrive:  comes from BRUNEI.  Threw them out- I want stuff that is known to grow in the US.  Need to know country of origin in description.
1,I almost never write a review. But I feel I owe it to anyone considering buying this cover!  At this price..don't !  My original cover lasted about 6 years. That includes leaving it on year round , all winter too! It finally cracked and tore. So, I purchased this one.  October 2011.  I was just looking at the pathetic thing today and wondering how long I have had it. Almost three years to the day. It's dried up, cracking and has small holes in it. It is done protecting my Weber grill. Really folks....this is low quality!
1,I pulled the red tab to pull out the strip and it came out of the yellow tube still wound together. I had to use my fingers to stretch and unwind the strip. What a mess. Terrible product.
1,Buy a heavy splitter.  Doesn't work well to split bigger logs.
1,I bought this product very excited opened the box and the wheel was snapped off.  I ordered my replacement opened that box and things looked good until I went to adjust the wheel height and the selector level was so twisted/bent that it couldn't lock in place to keep the wheel height.  I won't be buying this product again.
1,seeds were not for plumeria
1,Did not work for me, no hydrangea popped up
1,Ordered this as it said it was for the weber genesis E series grills, came in great shape but does NOT fit this grill, its way to short, had to return and order the 7519 rotisserie instead, this appears to be only for the SPIRIT series grills...
1,Water doesn't flow through, I had to rip it out to get water to my tomato plants which have an extensive root system. Disappointed.
1,this stuff is no good when it made it to my home the ice pack was hot,i used the stuff anyway it left gold particals all in my hydroponics system, don't buy this stuff there is better stuff out there shop around.
1,I used this about 6 times.  it would stop working, then it will start again later. Well, that i snot the case any more. I stopped working while I was trimming, but now it won't start again!!  Not sure what to do?
1,Excellent product, but lid came off during shipment. Would give 5. Maybe tape the lid?
1,I recently purchased a home with a in ground pool. I thought this would be easier to get into corners. I was wrong. The normal run of the mill pool vacuum head (which has rollers) makes doing the job easy. This although pretty (doesn't have rollers) which makes the job harder. Am I totally unhappy no, I chose to go with flashy instead of going with practical.
1,Nothing so far
1,This would have been better if it could make a 90 degree turn, and if there was a way to lock it in.  I had to use duct tape to hold it to the power washer bar, otherwise it kept swiveling and I couldn't control the angle.		The smaller restrictive inside bore made a huge kickback when I pull the trigger on my power waster.
1,didnt kill anything	i bought them twice... not impressed.
1,None of the seeds germinated
1,They are not the product that is pictured. The picture is deceptive. I will not order them again. Very disappointed
1,Used twice....... getting rid of it this coming spring.....to Goodwill.
1,Count is inaccurate and started leaking
1,100% failed to germinate, while the Red Clover, White Clover, and Royal Carpet seeds I planted elsewhere germinated well.  I know that there's always going to be some amount of inconsistency so it's not like I was expecting all of the seeds to sprout, but I've never encountered this level of failure before.
1,Bought it to get rabbits off my lawn.  Pattern was correct and everything was set for action.  I have a nightime security camera on the area - to my shagrin I got to watch rabbits merrily feasting on my lawn right in front of the device about 10 ft. away.  So NO - forget it.  Great idea - Just wish it had operated as described.
1,This was the first composter we've had, so having no comparison, we just followed all assembly instructions exactly and watched the DVD that was included to properly compost. It took two of us to assemble it, due to its awarkdly shaped pieces. I thought it took a lot of time and a bit of aggregation; some of the screws are difficult to reach properly. We set it up in a good spot in the yard.  With the very first hard rain, the double-walled plastic peice on the left filled with rainwater, making it heavy and sloshy to rotate. That water stayed in there for years, we couldn't get it out until I drilled a small drainage hole in the plastic! We've had this composter maybe four or five years, and most all of the metal parts have totally Rusted including screws and hinges :(  We know what to look for in a composter now, so we learned. It does compost the stuff, and our plants grew well and produced a lot of vegetables. It would be better if it had not retained rainwater in the double wall and had not rusted! We bought ours at Costco back then.
1,few grew
1,This didn't last very long.  The Texas sun beat it up within 2 years; discolored and lacy part at the bottom began to break.  It was very light weight and I had to use tent anchors just to keep it in place.  I have not replaced it...but if I were to buy another one I would go with nice heavy duty cement or the like.  It did look nice...but did not last.
1,after 3 attempts to get these seeds to grow, I gave up and bought regular sunflowers in the store. I soaked some, and some I did not, I heavy watered some, others I did not. No matter what I tried, none germinated and when I dug them back up to check the problem after a few weeks, I found them mush. looks like bad crop
1,I'm not sure what is wrong, but the umbrella won't stay up in the area where it hooks.  If I lower it the whole thing goes to the ground.  In winding it, the thing goes up or down, however it pleases - not the way the turn handle says it is supposed to go.		Once UP most of the time it stays put. Sometimes it will tip in the wind and come out.  I don't think that the silver pegs that come out A. Long enough and B. down far enough in the dip in the plastic.		Would not buy it again unless these problems were fixed.
1,First try at sprouting bamboo seeds, maybe I did it wrong, but not a single successful sprout.
1,You have to hold a button down constantly just to get adequate power. By the time your battery runs out your thumb is numb. A very stupid design compared to earlier models.
1,Leaks!!! Money wasted
1,Fittings on end do not fit in suction inlet to pool nor on sweep--too large.  I tried to make it work with no success and damaged ends of new hose in process. The hose supplied by Kreepy Krawly is the standard.  One supplied by Intex is oversized.
1,its a boring plain looking house. not a single bird has shown any interest in it. hole is really too small even for a small bird.
1,It was broken right out of the box and I returned for a full refund.  It looks like a good product.  I think I just got unlucky with a broken one but I bought one locally and it worked.
1,My third Fi-Shock charger and they've all been horrible.  The first two died within a couple months, and this one killed a Goose since it doesn't have the pulse built in.  Could have killed my dog too.  I purchased a different brand this time with a much better reputation.
1,not or hot tubes
1,Disappointed, sent the 1st one back because the Cig. Lighter has a power on Red led,and it didn't work, ordered a 2nd one, it shows up missing the led on the plug,just an empty hole, sent 4 messages to them, they replied with supposed to work and they would get back to me after there week off...I sent my last message and they responded with they need a picture to see whats wrong with it....Im sending this one back,with a picture, Ill find another one, that works and has a working power on light, without the led light, u don't know if its working or not		The customer shouldnt have to buy a Multi-meter, to see if it works....
1,Doesn't work. The light is extremely dim and you can hardly see it, let alone a bug!!
1,It worked for one watering, and is now trash. It appears that the threading is not sized properly.
1,Design is nice. Well crafted. Too loud for what we were going for. Returned to vendor w/o a problem. Better for outdoors. And it did spit quite a bit.
1,Havent seen crabgrass even brown alittle after 2 apps over 2 weeks with suficant. Maybe expired. Better results from Bayer Advanced.
1,Bears reduced these to small pieces in a week.
1,tore on first use
1,I used this product approximately 70 times the part which fastens the telescopic feature stopped working and the pole started collaps every time i put a little preasure on it. After 10 more uses it completely felt apart. I am not a swimming pool professional just maintaining mine own pool. I would expect product like this last much longer than 9 months. On top of that the company calls it "PROFESSIONAL DELUXE". I would wonder how happy would be a professional if he uses it 3 times a day it will last 2 months max
1,VERY little scent to them, though they came shrink-wrapped.  Can't smell it at all in the closet, and I have a pretty sensitive nose.
1,totally useless and heavy constantly needs seasoning. I recommend to use as a door knocker.
1,I bought this Swan hose because it was tested by HealthyStuff.org and found to be BPA free, chlorine free, and lead free. Unfortunately, on the first attempt to use it the hose kinked so many times that I am returning it. Frustrating that it wasn't actually "heavy duty" as in the name.
1,Amazon puts words in our mouths, sadly choosing the word "hate" for a one-star rating. That is hyperbole and obnoxiousness on their part, in a passive-aggressive way to discourage one-star ratings.		I do not hate this product, but it is not made to last. Says Made in USA, but not labeled USA Origin on label. Seems like a cheap imported product - made to wear out asap so that you can buy another one for cheap. Maybe the hose was made in China and the ends were put on in the U.S.A.?		The fittings are stamped - not "cast to last". This will likely melt and corrode in direct sunlight, and may only last a year or two in the shade.		There is a distinct molding seam on the hose that is not as strong as the body of the hose, and likely that anything but lower pressures (<20psi) will cause the hose to blow out at that weak spot.
1,Right size just haven't found a pen that will not fade.  I get my plants mixed up when starting from seed and was hoping this would help
1,Although the picture shows one continuous roll, mine came in two pieces greatly reducing the usability. Some would have been wasted if it was not accepted as a return.
1,The replacement on arrived on time. The quality appears to be good. However, when ordering this item from other vendors in the past they always came with bungee cord tie downs to secure the top. This company sends the top with nothing. I had to go find another vendor to purchase the tie downs, then they didn't fit well. This additional purchase didn't make this a good deal. Last time to buy from Shelter Logic. I will go back to my original vendor.
1,Only thing this repels is money out of your wallet! My neighbors cats loved it! They didn't even walk let along run away
1,this panels of 100w, under perfect sun exposure only produce 65w max,	other similar panels from different companies for the same price gives you 80w o better of energy	dc house products are seconds....most of them, costumer service is a joke after dozens of e-mail	no help, just that they have a small profit margin....and there is nothing they can do.	don't buy from dc house,  dealing with RENOGY, AND WIND CITY, great costumer service and	100% honest people
1,$ store junk...I sent them back
1,Just got it but seems really low quality. The chord doesn't even have a ground and it def does NOT pump 660gph. For 17$ though it will get me through so all in all worth the price.
1,Worthless.  I needed a flag so I used it until I found a better one or I would have returned it.
1,light never works and fountain only sometimes no matter how much sun
1,very hard to attach and detach and control the water spray
1,Wow my peacock stop working at night no lights.
1,Not great
1,Updated Review: BUYER BEWARE, Warranty only covers 60 days from date of purchase when not professionally installed!		The pump I got was running hot when on high speed from day one. Checked all of the troubleshooting info provided in the manual and everything was in order. Checked with infrared thermometer on the side of the motor after running for an hour in the shade and it was approx 150 deg F. Didn't get hotter than that so without a point of reference besides knowing my old Hayward pump never ran hot, I assumed it was normal for this one. Temp seemed fine on low speed which is what it would be run on most of the time anyway. Well, ran the pump on high speed again prior to vacuuming pool and the thing quit at some point during the day. Would not restart, just a hum from the motor. I installed this pump and had it operational for about 8 hours a day for a week and a half before it died.		I was beyond the 30 days for return to Amazon but fortunately still within the warranty period. Had to take it to a local pool shop who tested it and ended up giving me a new one under the warranty (because it was easier than swapping the motor), but BUYER BEWARE, could have wasted a lot of money for a boat anchor if I was even one day outside the warranty period. Pool shop guy said it should not have been running hot and probably had an internal motor defect.		Gave it 2 stars because I now have another one to try under warranty but it doesn't deserve more than that because this is a very short warranty.
1,LOVE THE PLANT, BUT SOON AFTER GETTING THEM THEY ALL DIED OFF. I HAVE HAD TONS OF PLANTS SINCE 18 YRS OF AGE, IN MUCH WORSE LIVING CONDITIONS THAT HAVE GROWN AND FLOURISHED, IT SEEMS LIKE MAYBE THERE IS SOMETHING WRONG WITH HIRTS INVENTORY. ALMOST EVERY PLANT I PURCHASED FROM THEM HAS DIED, OR LOOKS LIKE IT IS ABOUT TO DIE. REGARDLESS OF WHAT I DO.
1,I did not get one strawberry seed to grow above one inch. After I replanted, they all died. I must not be experienced enough to grow fruit from seeds.
1,I wish I could give this product 0 stars.  I ordered 2 sprayers. One of the boxes was missing the black spray wand. I filled the remaining container with roundup and it immediately started leaking out of the bottom (unfortunately all over my garage floor). I quickly pulled the other container out and started to fill that. That container also leaked and appeared to have a similar defect as the first container. Once thing that amazes me is both units indicated they were inspected by inspector T-024...so much for the inspection process. I will send both back immediately and look for a better quality unit.
1,It killed half my plants and the other half, it didn't get rid of the blythe
1,I have actually bought two of these that lasted only one season.  The first one cracked at the collar on the hose end at the beginning of the second season--which I figured was my fault because I had left it outdoors for most of the winter.  But it was completely un-usable at that point.		So I bought another one, because I liked the fireman grip handle and the adjustable head angle so much,  This time, it didn't even make it through one season before it started leaking badly from both the sprayer end and the handle end.		My mama had a saying, "Fool me once, shame on you.  Fool me twice, shame on me."  THIS year, I'm buying a different brand!
1,I should have returned this with the smoker.		Used the zipper one time and it falls off in my hand.
1,The spring falls out every time you squeeze the handles. Very poorly constructed. I am disappointed. More junk for my garage or garbage bin.		I bought a pair of Corona clippers to replace these. Fantastic. Buy them instead!
1,Maybe I just didn't do it right, but it didn't work for me when I tried to root a flowering bush graft
1,Smaller than described in the description.  Actual dimensions are 11 3/8" x 2 5/16" x 21".  Also, the two roof pieces were detached when I opened the box.  The fastners need to be pulled out and boards re-stapled to housing.  Only plus, cedar wood has a nice look to it.  Overall, thumbs down.  Made in China.  What do you expect?
1,I tried it with a Green Ash tree shoots twice and got no roots. I went to YouTube to get techniques but nothing seemed to help. I will try it again with some other plants, but so far no luck with this product.
1,Nothing wrong with it but I saw no difference with the performance of my homemade firepit. With or without this mixer, the soot output was the same so I left it off of my gas line to avoid any pooling of propane.
1,These lose their stickyness very quickly, a few days and they are no longer functional.  For being so cheap it's okay, but I won't buy again.
1,Why the manufacturer made such a product that is not expected to last for a long lime. They need to make the gears with stronger materials.	The other parts on the opener work nice, but I found in the internet that the gear is frequently changed.
1,The third time I emptied the bag, the zipper's teeth separated and a section tore away from the fabric. The bag (and vacuum) is now useless. Can I get a replacement? Like I said, I got just three uses out of it.
1,Fragile, breaks very easily so not really a stepping stone, just a decorative stone for your garden. Wouldn't buy again
1,Very cheap made ,starting chipping and falling apart within days.
1,Cheap don't buy it
1,This product was not what we expected and disappointed us from the start.  The dosing table is not accurate.  We used the amount specified and it did not take care of the algae - we found that using twice as much worked much better but there went the profit margin down the drain .  We are a professional landscape & water garden company and we know the volume of water in every water feature we used this product in.  We will NOT buy this product again.
1,No Bloom
1,came dented and it leaked-- not a very good product!!!
1,Cheap plastic with poor instructions.  The diagrams did not properly depict the orientation of the parts.  Some of the plastic did not fit together without a lot of coaxing.  My husband and I are experinced at RTA furniture and even Ikea furniture assembly frustrated us less than this did.  If you make a mistake and put the wrong pieces together you have to be very careful in taking them apart as the plastic tears very easily.  We did get it together and it is a handy storage piece but I wish I could look at it without daggers!  If you have arthritis in your hands forget trying to put this together yourself.
1,I'VE BEEN USING SEVIN FOR MORE THAN 30 YEARS, FROM FLEAS TO TOMATO HORN WORMS.  IT WORKS GREAT.
1,Total crap....the one arrived broken. The other one I used one time and wear the handle attaches to the mess end it cracked. Item is nothing like the picture. It has a wire grip basically a hanger twisted up......buy something else....waste of money
1,This item is made a little bit heavier than the Red Carpet Studios set of four round plant stand.  It is overpriced for what it is.
1,Sprung a leak in the middle of the hose the 3rd time I used it, which rendered it useless. Pretty surprised and disappointed with this product especially after all the positive reviews I had read about it. The hose connectors seemed to be very well built including the hose itself and I liked the fact that it was 50ft long so I could power wash all the way around my house without having to move the washer that much...but c'mob....the hose leaks after 4 hours of use ???? Not happy.
1,plastic; not glass. kind of odd shape to clean
1,Spend a little more and get a better quality gauge.  This one doesn't zero out, so you have to guesstimate at the reading.  Disappointed!
1,This may work fine if you were strong enough to set it.
1,I probably should have spent the additional money and got a better garden house. I purchased this in late January. Didn't install it until early February. It is now end of April and the hose literally blew apart on me. This garden hose gets minimal usage of once a week once every two weeks for no more than 5 minutes at a time. I use it to hose down my tiny patio and water the plants that are near by since I am out there. So we are talking about 11-12 times of use. The hose is no longer connected to the attachment that you screw the handle to. There is no way I can fix this. I am not happy with this product. I advise others to spend their money on a superior quality product.
1,Did not come up like this came up like corn
1,This item does catch fleas but i would only use this as a way of finding out if you have fleas it don't get rid of them at all. The light needs to be white and the plactic white also it is kind of a yellow type light the feas love white.
1,This thing is very inaccurate. Temperature displayed is off by ~3 degrees Fahrenheit at 70 degrees, reads over 220 in boiling water, and errors out because the reading is too low in ice water.  I know this is a budget model, but these temps are far enough off to ruin a good piece of meat and it has no way to recalibrate. I'm returning this one.
1,The same food that burns using these sheets come out as expected with other brands.  Was able to use a sheet only two or three times before tossing them.  The heat of the grill was well under the max. Advice would be to look elsewhere.
1,Never grew
1,DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT!	The initial unit appeared to work properly; however, due to a factory-defective hose - within a few weeks - a steady leak from beneath the pump unit rendered the spa unusable. The customer service group for Intex was responsive and sent a new pump within a week. The following week, the inflatable tub - sitting under a large deck - suddenly burst. This was not due to over inflation or direct sunlight, but rather, the outer tubing seams failed, without warning. Luckily, a family member sitting near the spa was not injured! Intex approved the claim, but more than a month later, Intex continues to state that the tub is unavailable and that there's no ETA for restocking the item. My attempts to speak with a manager have failed because the service agents will not transfer a customer to a manager and their promises to have a manager call you back are not followed through on. Around and around we go! Hey, at least we have a working pump! :) I would strongly recommend that you avoid purchasing this product.
1,no, result didn't grow
1,way too heavy and cumbersome
1,Mine quit working after a yr
1,Planted immediately after arrival. Root systems were dried & no new growth to date. Received dead roots.
1,Nice looking weather guard and the size would be perfect for my hummingbird aspects feeder but unfortunately the hooks on the guard are so big/long that it won't be shading the feeder at all. I will see if I can replace the hooks with something else so it could be useful. If the hooks were smaller I would have given this item full 5 stars!		UPDATE 09/15/2016: After  a couple of months of use (summer) the weather guard changed color to milky pinkish. I thought it is maybe some dirt and tried to wipe it off with dump paper towel. Unfortunately, the color is coming off and the guard is no longer shiny and red. If you are buying it for the color, do not waste your money.
1,This hose is way to stiff.. After 2 years it  is still stiff and makes power washing twice as hard. It a real pain in the butt to use.
1,Not one seed has germinated
1,Nitrogen test does not work.
1,Just received this and plug it into my filter. Not even 24 hour in use and it started to leak already!		What kind of product is this, would not recommend for sure. Look cheap too.
1,New Review (2 stars):	Items seem to be matched pairs...i.e.some hookups cannot be made due to lack of interchangeability. Also had one item jam and could not be used. This makes their use questionable. I have since removed all of these from my hookups	Original Review (5 stars):	These are some of the highest quality parts I've seen for a while. You get used to the mass-produced, high-cost, low quality items and these are not them. I use them for my drinking water-to-filter-to-trailer quick connections. Highly recommend.
1,We have had this chair and a matching regular sized one for four years. We leave them outside. Up til now, they were great. The other day, I went to sit down and one entire side of plastic clips broke and ripped apart from the fabric and I landed on the concrete patio. I wasn't hurt but am afraid to sit in the other chair now. The fabric is fine, but there is no way to fix the chair unless you install grommets in the fabric and use the bungee cord set that Lafuma sells. Too much work!		So, they are good chairs for a while. I guess they might last longer if they weren't left outside. My Telescope furniture lasted 15 years outside. Wish Telescope made Zero gravity chairs!
1,trash. lasted less than 6 months before it ripped apart
1,I was so excited to get this and I should have done my homework better.  First of all, I do love B&D products, and my son in law has a corded model, so I thought I would be saving myself the headache of chasing the cord around.  I really didn't want a gas model because a) they're too heavy for me b) noisy, c) toxic for my lungs and the environment.  This is just not as powerful as the corded model or a gas powered one, and the battery runs down super duper fast.  Maybe I got a bad one.  And what was I thinking?  The shaft is just entirely too short and I have to bend slightly to trim.  WHAT A PAIN (in my back, I mean)!  It doesn't seem to have the cutting power to power through edging or taller weeds like the corded model my son-in-law has, but I do like that the batteries are interchangeable between different tools.  If you are shorter (I'm 5'8"), and if you have light duty trimming only, you will probably love this.  It's good other than the cons I listed.
1,Installation was easy.  The unit worked great for 2 season and then failed completely half way through its second season.  I was going to give it one more try. But, now that I see other comments from consumers who had the unit fail as well, it sounds like mine failing was not a fluke.  Great product if you want to replace it every year.  For over $100 I'm not willing to do that.
1,Not worth the money. Cleans only fair.
1,I was excited to get these and put them outside next to my pond.  They had the worst lighting ever.  I was standing over them, with them on, and they barely put out any light.  Awful awful.  Had to return. Dont waste your money
1,This hose burst on the second backwash, then burst again further down on the third backwash.  It looks and feels very strong, but it clearly isn't.  The translucence is a nice feature -  it makes it easier to tell when the crud is out.
1,The female end that hooks to the faucet came off of the device the first day. This has happened to many other reviewers. The metal casing (appears to be a thin aluminum metal) is not one piece. While it looks like the metal casing is holding female connector like a typical garden hose does, the connector is actually attached to a plastic piece that screws into the main body of the device. I don't know why they did it this way rather than solidly connecting the two pieces like they did in their plastic cased version but it seems that a significant number of these devices do not have it screwed in tight enough. To fix this, remove the washer with a screen in it from the connector and  just take something like the end of a small wrench that you can stick down between the teeth inside the female connector and screw it on tightly, and then replace the washer. I have attached a drawing showing what to do.		While it seems sturdy, because of this flaw I would recommend just getting the plastic version&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Orbit-62034-Mechanical-Watering-Timer/dp/B006FLGHGE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Orbit 62034 Mechanical Watering Timer</a>&nbsp;which works well (better than most of the others) and is less expensive at about $14.		UPDATE:	The day after I wrote the above review, the connector again came off ! The threads for the connector that go into the main body must just be too shallow to hold the connector on. Don't buy it! I'm returning mine today for refund. I have had&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Gilmour-Mechanical-Water-Timer/dp/B00IJG4FEE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Gilmour Mechanical Water Timer</a>&nbsp;for about a year and has worked just fine and only costs about $14 (I'm buying another one today). Recommend buying the Gilmour instead of this one.
1,I purchased the Green Unit and it was dropped shipped from the Vendor. One of the Features stated by Natures Footbrint you can have as many as 8 Bins on this unit.  This is not correct, the Leg's can't hold the Weight.	I purchased 2 additional Bins with the thought in mind I would Rotate a Bin every month after having 6 Bins. (Not 8 as they state.).	On each side of the bottom unit opposite of the Spout, the unit started to Sag from the Weight of my 6 bins, eventually it formed a crack between the upper bin and the worm ladder. The Worms are now getting out and what will happen eventually, each side the plastic will crack. I added Bin by the way when each Bin was 1/2 Full. Natures Footprint was contacted for a Replacement as it could be Defective. They did not offer a Replacement.
1,I apologize in advance for being negative on this product.  As well for inserting my own value judgement into discussion of the efficacy of this consumer product, but it's germaine in this case, I think.		Typical of Ortho products, this Home Defense Max Covered Glue Trap is high quality and works as designed. My problem is with what this is designed to do . . . .		Continuing, I am ok with exterminating (killing) pests.  Including mammals.  It's part of life and the food chain, with presumably humans at the top.  And I am not a vegetarian or environmental activist. But in my estimation, where possible the extermination must be humane and instantaneous - I apply this to all mammals, reptiles, and birds (I'm on the fence on fish).  The concept is the same whether for a mouse or a coyote.		These traps function by gluing the mouse to the floor of the paperboard container where, terrified, it struggles to exhaustion and eventually starves/thirsts to death (either in place or after a person has deposited it in the trash using the handy carrying tab).  Unacceptable.		These traps are useful, however, for trapping crawling insects.  I place one near the corner of my sliding patio door to capture insect that manage to sneak in through small openings.  In the event of a mouse problem, I will resort to the old instant-kill spring-loaded trap.
1,It's an attractive piece and a great idea but I'm giving serious consideration to returning this because it's so poorly made. The connectors they give you to connect one half to the other are useless or broken off. If you decide to get this you need to be prepared to use something like zip ties to hold the two halves together because if you rely on there's you won't be happy.
1,Letters washed off.  Crap.
1,I could have gone out in my yard and gotten a handful of gravel. I expected it to be more unique. Smaller....
1,Maybe I did not read the full product review, but you cannot plant a plant in this planter.  You have to by a separate pot to insert in the planter container box.  While it looks okay for afar, it is really cheap plastic.
1,I don't remember ordering this???
1,The best I got out of 24w Bulb 18 months at 18 hours a day. Out of 18 months it wasn't used all the time. Really expecting led bulb life lasting longer. All the bulbs work but they all started blinking like a strobe light. I personally don't think a bulb at the price I paid 25.00 dollars,it isn't worth that. Wouldn't recommend buying this product unless somebody had better experience.
1,This is A Lesson In Why You SHOULD Always Order Through Amazon.com...		I dealt with this company, initially, through Amazon but along with the order, Stealth Hydroponics, included their own phone number and ordering information.  I contacted Stealth Hydroponics directly (MISTAKE) due to having been shipped too little lava rock for both units as well as, 2 leaking valves.		The representative, who admitted to being an owner said: "yeah, yeah, yeah we know about the valves, they leak from the inside due to a fault in manufacture, we'll send new ones". (MISTAKE) It was then that I asked: 'are the rocks supposed to come to the top of the basket?' The Owner answered: "Yes, why" I explained that mine barely makes it to 1/2 way each.  To which the Owner answered: "yeah, I don't know what they're doing over at that warehouse, but I'll send you a few bags".		He then asked if I needed anything else: The Owner seemed to be very accommodating, so I trusted him ((MISTAKE)) and decided to order (MISTAKE) chemicals and other materials I needed.  They shipped everything whenever they felt like it with no one to answer to except me, they took two weeks, constantly updating me with "back ordered" notices on items which the Owner claimed were "in stock".		The package arrived without HAZMAT packaging.  None of the bottles were in plastic bags and all of the thin plastic bottles which were packed laying down on top of SHARP STONES, were leaking.  It took the paint off my porch, ruined my pants, a shirt, shoes and the rug inside of the house as all of the acids and dyes leaked, dripping everywhere.		I called to complain and was told to throw everything away, they would replace everything plus they would send samples of all kinds of items to make up for it.  Two weeks later a Fed Ex guy shows up asking for everything The Owner of Stealth Hydroponics told me to throw away.		On calling Stealth Hydroponics The Owner, Again answered and told me: "You threw everything away, we aren't replacing, refunding or repaying you if you cant send back the damaged goods."  When I reminded him everything was soaked in acids he told me: you cant mail it back leaking so just throw it all away.  He denied it and told me he never said that and without proof he refused to replace the order.		Thankfully, I DID take photos of the box, the bottles, the clothes, the carpet, all for my Attorney... .. ..		When I told the story to Amazon, they couldn't help with the current order but DID do what they could by looking up the original order which WAS through Amazon and they credited me the entire amount, for my trouble..		I'll be seeing them in court: DON'T MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE.....ORDER THRU AMAZON
1,I need something that repels, this only repels IF something walks by it.
1,Had an above-ground pool that had sprung a leak and needed repaired before the winter set in.  So, I bought one via Amazon Warehouse Deals.  The pump was advertised to be in "as-new" condition, but supposedly had just a damaged carton.  Furthest thing from it!  Yes, the carton was a little damaged;no big deal, but I didn't require a box to perform the job.  Sadly, the body of the pump was scratched up, dinged and ultimately, would only work for few seconds, not as it was supposed to.  Time constraints didn't allow me to send it back and re-order and I ended up renting a pump from a local hardware to complete the task.  THis one was returned to Amazon for a refund.
1,sucks
1,The first one lasted 3 days. So returned it, and that one only last 7 days! Good thing we didn't have a normally freezing cold winter but these are such junk that it couldn't handle working through the 25 degree weather we've had! Don't waste your time or money would be my suggestion!
1,DO NOT BUY THIS SYSTEM.  It is junk.  One star because it doesn't give option of negative stars. No documentation with our system.  Temperature was always higher although installed a solar guard over the sensor. Unable to recalibrate via computer link.  Cannot get any assistance from the seller.  Sevesto doesn't have any support for this.  Finally wind gust in September blew it apart (pretty cheesy construction)  Contacted Asurion for warranty they tell me to contact manufacturer as it has one year mfg warranty.  We purchased this in January of 2017.  We have been trying to get the company to help since February.	We've had other entry level weather systems that worked for less money than we paid for this one.	There is no customer service available for this product!  Excelvan does not respond.  So I'm out the price of the unit & the Asurion extended warranty.
1,**IMPORTANT UPDATES AT THE END PLEASE READ**			The hummingbirds like this feeder a lot and come every day for their food.			UPDATE. I realized that this feeder has no bee guards so bees & wasps are drinking all the nectar. There was more than 15 wasps & 5 bees at the same time every day! And when we opened it up at the end of the summer, there was at least 50 dead wasps inside this feeder.	ALSO, when the summer was coming to an end, I realized this feeder had been dripping everywhere and that is how the wasps found it. This is not a good hummingbird feeder.
1,I agree with the other reviewers that this cover from Weber only lasts one seasons here in New York. Not sure how it holds up in other climates but I would think it's probably the same. The plastic seems to start to harden over the summer probably from the UV. Anyway they sure don't make them like they used to. Cheers, J
1,MIne leaked, did not hold in the nectar around th	e seal in the bottom tin.  A shame as it is pretty.
1,Rotted after 1 summer season in the sun.
1,is bigger diameter than original, had to be forced into place.
1,JUNK! Doesn't do as it claims - the gentleman was awesome in communication and he actually believes this works. He even upgraded the unit to the "newest" one - however, the bats came and went like nothing was there and we installed it directly in the attic.		To no avail we had more bats return during mating season, and spent over 5K cleaning the attic and replacing insulation. If you think you want something like this - don't. It's easier to put up aluminum foil in the access area.		This will cause the sonar to bounce back towards the bat causing confusion. Or have something that disrupts the sonar with a counter sound - they had LOUD noises contrary to what this device puts out.
1,did not work, actually attracted moles even more so. went back to traps and my dogs catching them
1,One of the window zipper never worked and separated from the vinyl.
1,I have purchased Dramm wands for many, many years.  The last one I got will be the last one I get.  Because they cost a bit more than others, I baby mine, taking exceptional care of them.  After a couple of months, my new purple Kaleidoscope starting leaking a little from the control handle.  Then it progressed to the point of not turning off at the nozzle.  Now, I don't even have to squeeze the handle - it stays on as long as the water is on.  I communicated all this to Dramm, where I purchased it, but they apparently don't care enough to reply.		This weekend, I will replace it with something from the home store that probably will last forever.
1,HQST = Chineese clone, not a Tracer. Beware of look alikes. Stops charging and goes off in full or cloudy conditions. Can show charging 40 volts with Zero amps.  Can show 20 amps of battery while charging. Will trip a 40 amp breaker on output while 30 amp breaker to input does not. This is only a 300 watt solar panel system and it should not deliver to charger more then 34V@7amps or output of 16V@15 amps under best conditions which is normal.
1,Purchased and assembled August 2013.		My first surprise, when I was removing the tiller parts from the box, the assembled cord clamp broke off. There are 2 cord clamps for the tiller. One is pre-installed, the other is packaged with other parts for you to install during assembly. If you look at pictures of the tiller, you'll see the 2 shiny (flexible) metal cord clamps on the legs of the handles. Except now, they are plastic. Thick, hard, non-flexible plastic. The second clamp broke during assembly when I tried to open it up and get it on the handle leg. It doesn't even come close to opening enough to fit it on the bar. I challenge anyone to do it according to the directions. Maybe you can slide them on before the legs are assembled but that's not what you're directed to do. Even if you could perform the magic, they wouldn't last long. By itself, not a big deal. I replaced the clamps with wire/cable ties. Still, it says something about Mantis doing some penny pinching and lowering of quality.		I finished assembling without a problem but after finishing, noticed that the motor was skewed a bit. The lower housing for the motor (also plastic) has a flat surface on it that is supposed to fit against the metal housing coming up from the transmission. Mine wasn't fitting tight and allowed the motor to pretty easily rotate because the only other thing holding the motor in place is a screw that clamps the plastic housing to the lower transmission. I can pretty easily rotate the motor 30 to 45 degrees in either direction. I'm going to order a new lower motor cover and hope that it fits tighter.		Here's the main reason for the low rating. The old warranty was only for 2 years but it stated that you could take it to any authorized Mantis repair center. The new warranty is for 5 years, all parts covered. Sounds great until you read on. The new wording states:	-------------------------------------	"If you think your MANTIS TILLER is defective in material or workmanship, you must send it, along with your proof of purchase (sales receipt) to:		Mantis	1028 Street Road	Southampton, PA 18966		You are responsible for pickup and delivery charges; the product must be returned to us postage paid."	--------------------------------------		As far as using the tiller, I took it out and used it on 3 of my raised beds. These beds have good, fairly loose dirt, but a lot of roots coming in from nearby bushes and trees. These roots are fairly thin but a real workout trying to pull them out. I put the tiller to the test and was pretty pleased with the results. A 4' x 8' bed took me no more than 5 minutes to completely turn over and the roots were not a problem. I did have to spend about another 5 minutes after each bed to remove the roots that were wrapped around the tines. I'm planning on getting the tine weed cleaning tool to help out.		Another plus is that the tines easily come off in 10 seconds so you can reverse them for cultivating or to make it easier to unwrap roots.		The user's manual states that instead of carrying it, you can "walk" your tiller to where you want it by putting it on the lowest speed and letting the tines "walk you" to your destination without harming your grass or pavement. I found the lowest speed to be a whole lot faster than walking and I wouldn't want to try going with it over a sidewalk or driveway. I really didn't see a big difference between the 3 speeds of the motor but there is a difference. For my raised beds, I think any speed would have done the job.		And I agree with others that the kick stand is a pain to assemble to the tiller. For the tiller assembly itself, a couple of 7/16" wrenches will do it. You'll need 3/8" for the kickstand.		I plan on updating this review in a few months after more time using the tiller.
1,Description is deceiving- even though it's 'soft safe'- - that means for your grill!!!	But NOT FOR PETS!!!!	Trust me- if you have a dog - and you have ANY kind of wire bristle grill brush - take extra care. If you don't believe me- just ask your vet.
1,nothing grew!
1,It's cheap and plastic which is why it is "salt water and Marine" listed.  Just don't squeeze too hard or the salt water will be all over you!
1,bought this and an 8' x 120' 8'' pvc netting at the same time. they cost the same amount. this showed up first. After removing from its bag it i learned this crap is super hard to use as it tangled almost instantly with both itself and the plants i was growing. In comparison the only downside to pvc is that it is hard to see.
1,The zipper fails too quickly. Velcro is better than a zipper.
1,The top does not come off.  A design with a separate top would have made far more sense.	Here's how it works:  The jar is filled, the base is screwed on (upside down) then the entire thing is righted (spilling seed in the process).  The base has a rather large capacity, meaning as soon as you fill it and right it, the jar is 1/2 empty.  It also means that any precipitation will ruin a large amount of seed when the base fills with water, instead of protecting most of the seed in the jar  (the base has very small drain holes, which I will enlarge if I keep them).  Refilling will be a chore, as any seed remaining in the base will have to be emptied, lest it be tossed all over when turning the jar over to fill it.  I plan to do this inside of a bucket to limit waste.		If I don't send them both back first.	---	Followup:	I have reduced my rating to 1 star.  As expected, the first time it rained I ended up with a lot of clumped seed in the base, which had to be scooped out.  Instead I simply washed them both out and put them back in their box.  Definite Kudos to Amazon for their most excellent return policy!		Before this, I had made an effort to find a way to use these.  And I discovered another flaw in the process:  In order to refill these feeders, you need a spare bucket to dump the remaining seed into - otherwise you either remove the glass, leaving the spare seed in the base (meaning you cannot turn the base over to put it back on without spilling all that seed), or you turn the whole thing over, spilling the seed right up front, instead of waiting until the end... Less than ideal, to say the very least.
1,You'll be lucky if it lasts a year. I replace them every year becsuse I like the spray patterns.  I'm switching brands this year because anything has to be longer lasting than these.
1,Does not help keeping woodpeckers away, I used this with baloons and Bird B Gone Reflective Scare Bird Diverter.
1,Doesn't quite fit in my Weber Genesis grill.  To add more chips I have to lift a heavy hot grate that isn't hinged, lift the stupid door, add the chips, lower the door, lower the grate.
1,Did not work!
1,Ok
1,This mower lasted less than six months before it died.  Was missing the proper handle bolts as well.  So much for a Sun Joe. Never again.
1,The pros:  it will kill the weed.		The cons:  It is a tedious pain in the rear end to apply (you have to physically rub the gel on the leaf of each plant you want to kill).  If you have more than a few weeds, be prepared to crawl around your yard/garden applying it to each one, one at a time.  The concept doesn't really work for me: in order to have enough leaf surface area to apply the product, you actually have to let the weed grow pretty big, at with point pulling it seems easier than applying the gel.  It takes seven+ days to work, that is a long time to let the weed linger.  If it get squeezed or heated in shipping, be prepared to open an envelope full of slimy weed killing gel.		Overall, I think this is an effective treatment for very special and unique cases: a few stubborn weeds that grow really fast, and have strong roots are so deep that when you pull them the top of the plant comes off but the root keeps growing (without any leaves for photosynthesis).
1,These reviews have nothing at all to do with this solar fountain pump
1,This is the biggest piece of S*&% I have ever seen.  Every single panel was cracked, the back pieces do not in any way align with the side panels and no instructions were included in the box. The box I received looked as though it has traveled the world 4 times and had more packing tape on it than I have ever seen. How is this product still available on Amazon?		Do not buy!!!!!!!!!!!!
1,made very small and does not fit well
1,I originally bought the "Kill and Contain" trap because I didn't want to deal with mouse blood or Hanta Virus, but those little devils would go in, eat the peanut butter, leave little foot prints and sometimes poop and leave unharmed, the traps never triggered. I thought maybe that batch was just defective, tried two other batches (6 total) and it was just a mouse hotel, just a way to feed our fury friends - none ever triggered!		Then I decided to go for the Press 'n' Set also by Tomcat,  I put them out at 9:00pm on our patio with some peanut butter, and within 10 minutes... both traps triggered killing the mice!!!  I thought they the first triggered prematurely because it was literally right when I went back in the house, but nope... it caught one.  I think I will just pinch the clip, throw them out and reset them again tonight! Let's see how many we can catch!!!
1,Gave to my pool guy!
1,This Black and Decker dual line trimmer works well enough. However, it has an auto feed line dispenser. I prefer the old style bump feed.
1,Not as advertised. The lettuce came up as some leafy lettuce, no idea on the type it was.
1,Straps were not large enough to go around the legs of an Adirondack chair. What's the point if you can't secure the cover.
1,After canopy was on the frame and being secured, I found a few missing grommets for the tie downs.  Also, there were four places along the seams that were almost completely torn through (material was extremely thin in these places) and required gorilla tape to fix.	NOT A QUALITY PRODUCT!
1,Are u kidding me? These light are not as good as the reviews. These units are old tech and only use inferior led. epistar. Maybe couple old mass bridge lux, old tech at New prices. Try area51 or optic lighting for your led needs. Stay far away! Junk! These reviews are all written by this Sammy company. The real reviews are the bad ones!
1,VERY small and definitely not worth the price
1,I was really excited to get these to help with the tiny seeds that fall off our big oak tree and into our pool. It works great... for about a week and then the sock just completely disintegrates. This thing is only good for about a week  after that when you take out the skimmer, there's no sock left on it. It's pretty much a waste for how much you spend on these things unless you want to replace them each week.
1,Was looking for a sprinkler that was small with heft to it. By all accounts, this was the one. Except that even with our fire hose-like water pressure, we saw at best a 5' radius. Not sure if this is a manufacturing issue, or if the other reviewers only wanted something for a small area. I know that this is going back to Amazon today. Caveat emptor.
1,Didn't work in Turkey ,Didn't read temperature. Melted
1,well I guess it works a little after 2 weeks I got about 10 flies hardly worth the money
1,Fake brass collar is splitting and leaking after 3 months
1,I was so excited about this pump.  Took it out of the box, put it together and into the bird bath and it ran for about 3 hours.  Then NOTHING.  A day later, the pump came on very weakly for a minute or so.  The past two days have been clear and sunny yet the pump is NOT working.
1,I was expecting a better percentage. Only 2 germinated.	I'll use someone else next time.
1,Ants ate it and thrives.  Ended up with Taurus SC. Same chemical but with a different delivery method.
1,The birds don't like it at all....I saw about four just sit at the feeder and try to figure out what they were supposed to do.  I think one of the birds actually flipped me off for getting this.  If you don't tighten the lid and bottom secure enough the bird seed will spill ALL over your floor, and it's amazing how quickly a full bird feeder will empty on the ground.  I would have to say that I can't see how a squirrel would get to the food...I will say that about it.  But what good is it if the birds don't get to it either?  I'll probably go back to one of the others and just feed the squirrels with the birds.
1,I've had this for a while and guess what...the ants are walking over it, and around it. It is not baiting them. We have a little bit of an ant problem and was hoping to not have to spray....well, it looks like the spray is next option. I was hoping not to, and thought this might do it. I have used other Raid products with great success, so I had high hopes. Too bad it didn't deliver.
1,I bought five of these. I thought this looked like a beautiful ground cover and I wanted to make sure I had enough. The seeds are the smallest seeds I have ever seen. Literally smaller than dust. And because they packaged them in plastic packets there is no way to get most of them out in a way that they would still be useable. I tried putting water in the packet and pouring them out. No go. About 1/10th of them slide out. I have no idea if the ones that did come out will bloom, but it doesn't matter as there aren't enough of them - I'll end up pulling them out anyway. :(
1,ratchet did not ratchet. returned, received refund and bought the only ratchet pruners that ever work easily: Florian, the best!
1,Never saw a hummer around it.  Also it drips when tilted the slightest in a breeze. It's going in the Goodwill box
1,This product does work but to expensive. I purchased a gal of Algiside for 1/3 the price and works fantastic. Just be careful how much you use. little goes along ways
1,2 Stars for Beauty! 0 Stars for durability. I bought two of these for front and back of the house. One broke immediately where it connects to the hose hose bib in a way that could not be repaired. The backyard one worked for a year and then broke. The item was pretty, and the reel was sturdy...the connector from the reel to connect the hose is the weak link!
1,Grand concept.	Except if you try to swish dirty water out of tray float sticks every time and drains all water into coop so then you have to take apart and refill anyway
1,The only timer I was able to actually work was the first one. The second timer was always set to go off a minute after the first one stopped but it never did. If there was some trick to it, then I would still give a bad review because for $50 it should be as simple as setting the timer and it going when you told it to.		As a note I am sending it back for a refund.
1,Ordered alata seed, got them, germinated them, sprouted and grew them. Got really excited when they had their last growth spurt as they were looking more mature and thick and healthy. Then a bud came and all my accomplishments of sprouting and surviving of this hard to grow vine fell right out the window when i see this bud I recognized as a common yellow dahlia. I am very disappointed and do not recommend this product. This was not a miss labeled, they were labeled properly. Also ordered a passiflora from another company on amazon and same, they are dahlias too. I think they are all the same company using multiple seller names and scaming people. I like dahlias luckily, so i will find a use for all these but still was sorely disappointed
1,Hose burst the first time I used it!  Arggghhhh!!!
1,Very disappointed Product should only be used for fine topsoil, very light weeds and no grass - NO POWER.
1,Told they would fit, Will not fit. Cost too much to send back. so i bought something i will not use.
1,Not impressed. It doesn't stick to grass well.
1,I read--on this product page--that this was a Weber product, so thought I was safe in ordering these.  But what I received has a different company's logo embossed on it.  And the metal is way shinier than the real Weber part.  Plus, I may be wrong in saying the following, but I don't think so:  The gauge of the metal is thinner than real Weber Flavorizer Bars.  (Hard to be positive because the ones we were replacing were worn.)		But we needed them right then; had already broken down the grill, cleaned it and replaced other parts.  So we didn't return these bars.  Got suckered in!  And not happy about it!  I guess the price was too good to be true....
1,not a sweet pepper seed in the pack all were hot peppers! do not waste your time!
1,Packaging was inappropriate for this. Windowsill Greenhouse was damaged beyond usefulness. Received product with both bottom ends crushed and plastic top was also torn. Will definitely never buy this again. I would return it if I had paid more for it since I did not returning it would do no good. I ended up keeping the pellets and throwing entire windowsill greenhouse in trash.
1,I purchased two of these and could only use earh one one time.  The first one would not hold the attachment securely.  The second one had a bad motor.  Upon starting, could hear bad bearing noise and housing became quite hot.	I have purchased several Ryobi products over the years but probably never will again.  I ordered 4 items and after the first use, three had to be taken in for warranty repairs.
1,It's just ok, not the gauge of steel worth investing in..BEWARE
1,Moves when we stand on it near the kitchen sink , why?
1,Two years  with minimum useage (about 5 times a year) the wand quit working.  I washed it out after each and every use...always. Yeah the metal tank gives the feel of a nice comercial grade sprayer but don't let that fool you.  The wand is the same flimsy plastic junk with cheap O rings you find on $10.00 sprayers.  Once the wand and trigger mechanism goes, forget about buying any replacement parts,  they are way overpriced and you are about 75% of the way into buying a whole new unit.		Don't be fooled by this "commercial" grade or "professional" grade looking unit, it is the same junk you find in the cheap ones with a fancy metal tank.  I am going to the Big Box store tonight and get a $10.00 poly unit that will probably be as bad as this one but at least I didn't spend as much money.
1,Total failure in my water feature.  Made the water totally murky and promoted high concentration of green algae.
1,Way too soft, they bend in the air as you are going in for the kill.
1,The bag arrived very quickly, the only problem is that it was not what I was expecting given the picture and description. The bag is very fine mesh and thin. I don't think it will hold up.
1,This product did not work.  I can only assume that it was a defective unit, since others have apparently got it to work.  It is unfortunate, since I was curious how it would work in low light, since much of the issue of rodent damage occurs at night.	I returned the product.
1,This was from my wife and I rate it two stars because of the filler in it and I wouldn't recommend it.
1,Buyer beware. Although the picture of this product shows 12 filters (at what you would probably expect to pay for 12 filters - $32.56), AND the product description reads word for word: "Buy together and save - six pairs of Intex Type S1 spa filter cartridges (twelve cartridges)!" only two filters will be sent to you. Really hoping I can get these items replaced by Amazon before my spa turns green and I have to drain, clean, and refill 210 gallons of water... not a happy customer. :(
1,Two of them were broken in half when I opened the box.  The other ones that I used kept filtering water non stop until the container I funneled the water from, was depleted. This caused over watering and killed my plant.  Don't waste your money and look elsewhere.  Product was a complete failure for me
1,I own a Char-Broil classic 4 burner grill and this cover is just too big; it's constantly flying off when it gets windy outside.
1,Do the job but are ridiculously expensive.
1,Piston leaked and ceased to open after a couple months. Total junk!
1,waste of money. Doesn't work on keeping away bugs. Wish I could get my money back from this
1,don't drop it!	If you do it breaks and spray goes allover, but not where you direct it = kid gloves only.
1,Birds didn't like
1,Does not shoot water far enough even with trying to direct location.
1,(Bought cover in 9/15 - product may be different now) Worst cover we've had in 20+ years. Bubbles were too small and too far apart - it probably would have regularly been on the bottom of the pool if we hadn't attached it to a reel. Even the jets could pour enough water on the cover that it tried to sink. It can't trap heat if it's below the surface. Also the seams were poor quality. Can't comment on the ruggedness of the bubbles (usually the reason to replace a cover) because we trashed it after one year.
1,No noticeable effect.
1,Though it says 100 foot hose capacity.... that is only if you manage to use perfect technique to reel the hose in.... which is impossible with a tougher-quality hose.  The hose is going to do what it wants despite the guide and soon you will be cursing up a storm trying to reel in the last ten feet.  I would recommend getting 25 feet more capacity than the hose you are using.  There seems to be a place to shove your foot to stabilize the box while cranking.... it's a joke.  Can't get enough of my 11.5 men's foot in there to do any good.  Not going to return because of the infrequency of its use, but I would not have this as my car washing hose reel at all.
1,I applied the seeds July 9 2015 i follow all directions and today is 8/13/2015 i still have no results. Bad Seeds. Waste of money.
1,Fiskars could have done a lot better with these shears!  They pinch your hands and don't cut worth a hoot!
1,Not germinating and probably won't.  I give up.  There should have been more info on the climate, weather conditions, etc.
1,Stay away from this product. The battery will not last longer than 15 minutes and it cuts almost nothing but very small weeds. The trimmer protector fell off at the first time and I had to tape it on. The trimmer string capsule is almost impossible to get out. This is the worst peace of equipment I ever owned! Save your money.
1,Put a stinker in a bottle, sprayed it with Terro, an hour later when it wasn't dead I crushed it. I've used a dozen cans or more, and the killing power in some cans is ok, in others non-existent. These people don't mix chemicals very well.
1,Like a lot of people, I bought this to go along w/ the SPX3001 and it leaks like a sieve at the swivel.		I used this which was INCLUDED w/ the washer and fits FINE.  Add a Quick Connect male end onto the garden-hose side and you're	ready to spray!  Will call SunJoe and see if I can get my $10 back.		https://www.amazon.com/Joe-SPX-AGHA-Universal-Aluminum-Pressure/dp/B01E47ZCHK/ref=pd_sim_86_14?_encoding=UTF8&pd_rd_i=B01E47ZCHK&pd_rd_r=NJAQQ6FT51SME3PCV8FA&pd_rd_w=vyXrn&pd_rd_wg=cp5tf&psc=1&refRID=NJAQQ6FT51SME3PCV8FA
1,Worthless - haven't been able to get reliable readings on any of the 3 meters
1,Love Angel trumpets couldn't wait to get them started  but I am still waiting I had got some black dalia seeds at the same time ( different vendor ) and they are blooming already
1,cheap, hard and did not last.  don't buy it.
1,Save your money.
1,ZERO stars. Brittle. Cracks as soon as you put them on hose. Cheap. Bad. Awful. Not good.
1,I originally bought two of these lights. After 2 days, one light stopped working. I returned it and ordered two more. I had these for 3 days and one of them went out. Does not work. I don't even think the ones that are working are even helping my plants to grow. I should send them all back.
1,Just didn't do what we hoped.
1,What a piece of utter junk.  They give these away as freebies in Japan, I am told.		Tiny (20 0z), thin, spills, and is both horrible, and embarrassing to see.		This is a complete and utter rip-off.  Get a real watering can for less money easily on here.		I must have been sleepy when I ordered this atrocity.
1,It should arrive before May 15, but today is May 16, and it did not come. Could you tell me why it does not come, or when it will arrive?
1,I was disappointed, thinking that both monitors would work off of one outside sensor.  Only one worked.  If I shut it off (remove batteries) the other worked.  I could not get them both to work at the same time.  So I had to purchase a second system.  Don't waste your money - buy two one-monitor systems.
1,This item didn't work for me. Maybe it will work for you. It lit up but I returned it because I wasn't happy.
1,not worth arguing about but my package was seized by the usda for lack of a proper importation permit (didn't realize these were from singapore).  so all i was the notice from usda
1,I just bought this smoker a day ago and tried to season it the same day. Turned on the puck burner and let it warm for 20 min. Filled the tube with the pucks snd advanced so 1 was on the burner. Then turned on the main heating element. Went inside and waited about 45 min. Went out to check temp and it was at 80? Turned the main heat control all the way up and waited another 30 min. The same thing on next chech 80 This thong was junk right out of the box. The main berner didn't work at all and the puch burner only burnt anout 1/3 of the puck before extracting them into the bowl of water.	My take on this smoker.	China made junk.	No parts breakdown in the instruction booklet.	The wood pucks are very expensive and it doesn't burn all of them so your wasting a lot of expensive pucks. For 4 hrs of smoking it would cost $6 in wood pucks.	The one I bought didn't work right out of the box.	I will not buy another one. Trying a Masterbuilt 30" smoker hopefully with better results. And I won't get sucked in to buying "their pucks"
1,The plastic rod that holds the three flower petals in place is not strong enough to support them in a moderate wind.  We placed this in our garden in mid January and it has been totally destroyed by a moderate 22mph windstorm.  The bar has broken and a few of the petals on the largest wheel were also pulled out.
1,I want to apologize to anyone who bought this saw on my review and to those who warned about the blade locking mechanism.  I was wrong.  My saw worked like a champion for the first few jobs I used it.  Never had a problem with the blade popping out.  Then one day, out it popped and it has never been the same since.  I am not stressing or binding the blade.  I am letting the blade do the work and keeping my hand away from the locking lever.  Two or three strokes and out pops the blade.  It seems to go right back in and lock solidly and then out it pops after one or two strokes.  I called Scotts and talked to their help people and they have no idea what the problem is and then they add, "We've never heard of anyone else having a problem.  Maybe you should get a new blade and see if that helps."		The blade is fantastic, so here's what I did.  I drilled a hole right through their locking mechanism and ran a bolt through there.  The blade doesn't fall out anymore and now I can use this awesomely sharp, non-stick, dual direction cutting saw blade the way it should have been working all along.
1,Tested this out of the machine and any bends in the run make the cable very hard to pull.  On the mower it simply broke the cheap plastic fitting on this junky cables end. Going to sears to get a better one.	This cable was also too long for what they are selling it for. According to the part number this should have fit.
1,Product has not developed since planted. Been over three months
1,My tansy never came up :( Will try again next year.
1,In your ad you need to put how much it held cups,oz etc. Way to small for a bee hive. I was disappointed
1,The cover have several drainage holes. When there is ANY water accumulation on top of the cover, the drainage holes allow the pool to fill with dirty water as you remove the cover. Next year I am going to attempt to modify the cover and make it more umbrella like so that dirty water does not accumulate and ruin my pool water.
1,This thermometer isn't accurate.  It's normally off 3-4 degrees.
1,Takes a LONG time to get chips up to smoking temperature (45 mins), then they smoke very well for about 5 minutes, then not much more smoke. Soaking chips for 30 minutes or 2 hours did not make a difference.
1,Probably not a good item to grow in Central Florida.  Good service and germination rate.
1,I've had the same issue as everyone else in that it broke within a year.  Mine break when I disconnect the water hose.  I didn't have any problem with the fit.  I've not found an alternative.
1,Great design, solid construction! Mine were about 60% dried out, thick and not very sticky. I did not desire to go through  the trouble to have the seller replace them. I only hope that the seller reads this comment and sends me replacements. Otherwise I will just "right it off" as "MY LOSS" and his loosing a frequent buyer.
1,The double helix from Brushtech gets the top of the grill just fine. Does not however get anything on the sides of the grate or grid. You are better off getting a wire brush and then after using, take a wet paper towel to remove any wires that have come loose so you don't eat them.
1,I followed the instructions. And actually found that the mole ate half of one of these worms. Ultimately it didn't kill him. Gopher gasser's as well as flooding with the hose failed as well. Ultimately I seen the ground move and got him with a shovel.
1,Wow what a piece of junk.  You will spend hours to just install the first time using it.  They have it so title wound, I was only able to stretch enough to get a couple of inches to fit on the pic pipe.  Then I started the backwash process just to get the water to run through the entire length.  Otherwise I would have never got the hose to open.  But this totally soaked the whole area of my yard causing damage.  And it back flowed the pump potentially causing damage to my pump.  Only time will tell.  Finally got a run through the whole hose but not until it ripped about a foot of hose.  Not sure if they glued the inside of this hose or if they just rolled it up so tight, it just glued itself together.  But either way if there is damage to my pump, an attorney will be contacting them.  Just a flawed hose.
1,Dud. Not one single plant sprouted, and I'm an experienced gardener. Therefore, it has to be the seeds.
1,Ants are not interested and not dying lol.
1,Would give a zero if I could.....had it just over one year when control went bad. Masterbuilt wanted $30 to replace it. After installing new controller it went bad after one use. Set timer & temp expecting meat to be done after 6 hours. Little did I know, it cut off shortly after starting to heat..reset it with same results....meat not cooked...., cookout bombed...friends had to go to restaurant.....piece of junk....best place for this junker is the bottom of the river.
1,I have used this product for a month. I place two packets in a 2 X 4 lavatory and I have yet to find one dead bug and they keep coming at the rate of about 3 or 4 a night when I turn on the light. The major component in this is boric acid. I just realized that you can buy it in a big bottle for under $5 at Home Depo if you just look for roach killer in powder form. I just bought that today and put it down.
1,Way over due. This item schould be included in a complete unit that arrived open box squ # C12340328797224.
1,Unit fits and mounts easily on Weber EP330 grill.  Due to the mounting bracket for the motor being about 4 inches from the grill, the motor assembly gets very hot.  (After a one hour period doing a roast, motor was too hot to touch.)  Instructions state that the primary reason for failure of the motor is heat but the design of this unit certainly does not keep the motor away from the grill far enough to eliminate or reduce heating up the motor from the grill heat.  Motor is not getting hot from it driving the roast at all.		Since the bracket is a bit sharp on the edges, I used wing nuts on the bolts to mount the bracket so I can remove it easily when not using it to avoid damage to grill cover that we keep on the grill.  (Wing nuts go on the OUTSIDE of the grill bracket with screw heads on the inside of the grill.)		Added photos of using a chain to hold the motor so it does not get hot like it did with the mounting supplied.
1,Every one of these roots died within a week
1,Ever hear of the saying " you get what you pay for " ??  /  Well, do a search for 25 ft. telescoping flag poles, you'll find a good one will cost around $400.00 . This thing bends like a banana in the wind...or should I say breeze. Look at it again in the breeze and you'll find that 1 or 2 of the sections have slid down, they won't stay locked in place. Unless we got a real lemon, this thing is a sad excuse for a flag pole. Needless to say, this thing is being junked....I won't even waste my time sending it back. If you decide to buy one, I wish all the best of luck....I think you're going to need it.
1,Luster Leaf 1646 Rapitest Spiral Metal Rain Gauge with Stake		This looked nice enough so I thought I would try it out.	Well sadly this is just not that great.	One main issue is the stake it is on should really be one single piece to make it last longer.	However it is not one piece but you have to assemble it and hope that it will fit together.	Mine took a bit of work to get it to fit together right. This should not be the case with a new item.	As a result it actually did not even stay up the other day in a bit of wind and rain.	So I would say maybe not the best one to use. There are better ones out there.	It did make it during a couple rains before this last one and seems accurate.	Just did not last in the last wind we had it. Got knocked over where it connects together on the stake and cracked.	Maybe if it had fit right to begin with would not have happened or better yet if the stake was a single piece.	Not something I would suggest to anyone to get.
1,Product is not as described.	I purchased this item because the product description said, "Safe for Fish, Birds, Pets and Aquatic Plants." I have grandkids and a dog who likes to drink our pond water and based on the description I thought it would be safe.	Check out the attached photo of the warning on the product. What you read will blow you away. It was a no brainer that I immediately sent this back.	Not something that I personally want to put in my pond. That's my choice. Is it right for you? That's up to you to decide. Hope this helps you out. I value my family and dog.
1,I've sprouted a long time.  I am a sprouting madman.  I usually buy from wheatgrasskits.com or sprout people, and have always had great luck.  These ones from Todd's are not as good as the broccoli seeds I've bought in the past.  The germination is not as good as I have had in the past, but after working out the kinks with my new trays, I think my previous review was a little harsh.
1,My wife told me about this blower, i bought it, what a joke, to heavy,it has a lot of power, but leaves get stuck on the 4 inch tube,the bag, is to small fills up to quickly, and in 20 min of blowing your back is killing you,  the only thing good is the motor, has  plenty of power
1,They died
1,BUYER BEWARE!!!!!!This pigtail does not fit a camper propane regulator!!!!!! It is the wrong size.. We had to order from a grill store the attachment that would allow it to connect to the campers propane regulator.. in addition to ordering 2 of these I had to spend an additional $20. on parts to make this wrong item fit.. I still do not know if it will work.. Do not buy this !!!! Go to your local store with your original pigtail and measure it out...
1,Unfortunately, these seeds ended up growing some sort of soft pear shaped yellow tomato.  Not the Black Krim tomato as pictured.  The squirrels seemed to like them, but I though they didn't have much flavor.
1,The grill idea is sound, enabling the cooking of smaller or fragile foods (like fish) on the grill.  What is impractical for a grill which is difficult to monitor actual temperature is adding non-stick.  Non-stick off gasses at higher temperatures and in this case especially starts to peel off, making it unusable.  Grills get way too hot.  If you're able to relegate this to the side of a grill that operates cooler, it may be ok but it kind of defeats the whole point.  High temp heat cooks I'd get the Stainless Steel one instead.
1,The roaches aren't touching these at all.
1,Did not work.
1,Does not have the speed adjustment on the handle.  The description and photo are incorrect
1,this was no good deal although the price seems good	the  tabs were at least  35% broken in prices and were/are a nightmare to add to my chlorine dispenser
1,Float switch was faulty ! Returned unit and purchase another brand with UL listing for safety.
1,Shorter than poles you buy in the store. Does not put flag out far enough.
1,I am disappointed of AeroGarden 3.  It never grows all 3 as shown on the picture, if at all. After spending all the money on the AeroGarden and all its accessories, I had more luck planting things in pots and put it on a sunny window seal.
1,Too brittle!
1,This is one big disappointment!  I have had it three years.  This Chinese work of art lost all of it's printed markings after the first year, logo pealed off, thermometer stuck out at 700 degrees...the Chinese craftmanship is not!  Going into it's third year the right burner does not even dispense natural gas, so that it out, can only cook on the left side...nice!  I am so sick over this purchase, PLEASE do yourself a favor and buy a Weber.  I had a Weber for 15 years before this and I will now buy another next year again (if this heavy piece of junk lasts the rest of the year.  CHAR-BROIL should be very ashamed of themselves on producing a product this unworthy of the American public!  It looks like it is 15 years old. and works about as well.  Oh please, stay away from this.  Anyone writing a good review needs to wait until the following year.  Definite problems are assured!
1,It looks good when installed, but the first heavy rain will make it sag something awful.  Then it ends up looking redneck jerry-rigged cheap.  Get a contractor to install something that will look professional, or get something at the store that has frames, such as a stand-alone picnic table roof cover.
1,I poured this into my toilet and it clumped up inside the jar.  So I could not get in all in the toilet fast enough.  I should have flushed sooner.  This stuff started foaming up to the brim of the toilet bowl.  What a mess!  Even after flushing twice, it stayed in the toilet.  After leaving over night, the foam went down.  I have no idea how it did in the sewer line to kill the roots.  I had to get a professional to clear the roots from the sewer line.		I would not waste my money on this.  Better to put it toward a professional to clean it out right.
1,lock broke right away. works better now.
1,This product had a kink when it arrived. I Swear its true. I opened box of two 75 footers and one was already kinked. Sent both back. Quality control lf any is terrible. If you get the ones I sent back the kink is visible without even unrolling the hose and still strapped.
1,Like most of you I did research and read the reviews. It has a lot of positives and the negatives seem to focus on the line. I thought oh it cant be that bad. I was wrong.	Pros: Great concept, I love the shield with the wheels. It really helps to go straight along the edge.	Cons: The line. I should have known ths wasn't going to work 3 mins into cutting when I have to turn it upside down and figure out how to get more line. Then two mins later, all the line that I just got out broke off, all of it. Then its taking the bottom plate off, when you pull the spool all the line come unwound and you have real mess.	I try not to say negative things butI couldn't return this thing fast enough. Sure someone said you can replace the line with so Dewalt sting and it works better. Also its not that expensive so its not a huge investment. However those things to me do not outweigh having a tool that can do its job properly out of the box. I am sure if they had provided some better cutting line instead of the dental floss like sting that came with it, myself and a lot of other who posted negative reviews would be singing a different story.
1,Go buy yourself some ORTHO at Ace Hardware.
1,Don't blame yourself if they're dead! received dead moldy rooted roots,they replaced with even worse ones  I am a professional gardener so I know how to plant them,Had to fix my review Amazon didn't allow my previous one..  Beware! Find Hirt's sold by Hirt's they are way better and do not sell sick diseased roots.
1,After two weekends and with roof panels still not fitting, we called the company's "help line"--again, only to find that the office is closed on weekends, exactly when most people are going to try to assemble the stupid thing. Ugh!		Our pad is level. All parts of the shed measure level. But the doors are off by at least an inch and the roof panels do not line up with the walls. You might be able to get one roof panel in but the others are all off. This then means that the skylight will then not fit.		Do not buy this shed unless you are masochistic.
1,Cheap plastic. Breaks easily.
1,Last April, I bought from Amazon a 3 pound bag of Miracle Gro organic bone meal for $6.97 for a 3 pound bag.  It was great and comparably priced to products at the local big box garden store with the orange sign.  Fast forward to today, and I've been sent this 3 pound bag of "Nature's Care" bone meal by Miracle Gro, and I see that my old $6.97 bag has been "discontinued by the manufacturer."		What we have in its place is an overpriced, ridiculous marketing FAIL, with instructions that say "water, um, obviously" in their attempt to be cute-- but really just comes across as snarky and condescending.  And the packaging, which is NON-recyclable plastic (unlike some plastics that are recyclable), has these words of wisdom to make us feel better about buying our fertilizer in plastic bags which will end up in the landfill:  "Did you know that you're partnering with us in one of the world's largest recycling efforts?  Each year, we beneficially reuse millions of pounds of materials from yards, farms, and forests..."  So they want credit for using compost, ok, but really it seems like they are trying to detract from using this type of packaging.		OK so now we have this $10/pound (at the current Amazon price) product which is made by Nature's Care which is really a division of Miracle Gro which is actually part of Scott's Fertilizers... marketing gold WILD.  <roll eyes>		How is the product?  It's bone meal... nice consistency, and looks just like the bone meal that I used to buy from this same company for a little over $2 a pound.  My roses will love this stuff but I will feel very guilty as I toss this in the trash, and I won't be reordering.		Sorry, folks, can't recommend.  An expensive marketing fail that is the epitome of "greenwashing" and I can't support that....
1,Unlike the picture in the user manual they shipped this with a right angle power cord. This makes the unit point up in the air when mounting it in the wall. it would have scored higher if I were using it on a counter or desk. As it is it just shows how a company can create a fine product an somebody at the company will come along and make a mindless decision that screws it all up. Murphy's law seems to rule at AcuRite.
1,I have had 3 of them bloom now and not one of them is the flower described. They are all Johnny Jump Ups.
1,Leaked, returned, bought the A1001.
1,There isn't a lot of difference between this feeder and most that have a similar design.  I'd give one star to the lot of them.  Reason?  At least two thirds of the see goes on the ground.  Once you see this type of feeder in action, it isn't hard to see why.  The bird arrives, lands on one of the perches next to each hopper opening, and goes at the seeds.  But there's nothing stopping the seeds that the bird didn't get hold of from falling through the gap between perch and opening.  I set a tray on the ground to catch most of the seed, then wondered why I bothered to make up for a stupid design.		There's a reason why the old, home-made wooden bird feeders were platforms with roofs.  The bird food stayed in the feeder.
1,I have been taking this for a week now... i can say its doesnt get you jacked up that is why there is no crash afterwards. Im using a level tea spoon in mouth washing down with water. When first taking.... this is how I described the taste.... If you see a rotting log in the woods and you took a bit out of it..... that is what you would think it tasted like. Smells like dirt or rotten log??? I take it twice a day... It does seem to help keep you moving.... I have been taking the caffeine pills from prolab for years.... So that could be the reason Im not feeling the power of this dust..... If your looking for some energy and don't want the pills or coffee I would give this a try. It doesnt get your heart racing... I would say it gives you a push not a shove in the right direct	ion........ UPDATE:.......after taking twice a day for a month now I recommend you don't buy this product....... I want to feel the energy........ with this product you really have to try hard and pretend its doing something??? not good. I also said it gave you a push..... now im saying its more like a tap in the right direction.
1,doesnt work.....Flag still twists
1,Other than being labeled, totally useless.  No information at all on planting requirements, stratification, anything and no links to web pages that would help, find a better supplier
1,This was an expensive investment and squirrels eat easily out of this feeder.  Very disappointed.
1,Didn't sprout or grow. Don't bother. I bought five different types of seeds. NOTHING even sprouted. I've been gardening for 28 years. DON"T buy from this '"vendor"!!!
1,Not sure it is working, makes no sounds and I have checked the connection. I still see where voles have been in the yard.
1,heater dint work to good
1,Useless bolts included and still had to purchase a different one to get it to work!		Very hard to pull metal back to install new string.		Poor plastic used in design and don't expect this to last!
1,Valve does not turn off water
1,I guess I did not realize how small the center hole was on the product.  I had to cut out the center in all the trees that I placed it on.  The trees were not that large and by the time I cut out the center, the product did not cover much beyond the trunk.
1,This fencing arrives in a nice package.  There is a reason for that.  Once you open it, all the broken decayed pieces of reed fall everywhere.  This fencing is thin and brittle.  It comes ready for the compost pile. It does not provide any privacy.  It was already broken down and uneven on both ends. As you touch it, it breaks off further. It was such a mess I am not going to even try to pick up the pieces to return it and that is not because I can afford to waste money.  It would be too hard to accomplish.  Save yourself some pain and suffering and skip over this product.
1,I ordered four bottles of this product. Every single one leaked significantly despite a secure hose/bottle connection. The angle that the stuff is dispensed at is not nearly as easy to use and ensure reaching areas of my yard as other products. Finally, despite using the product as directed, insects returned within 7 days.
1,If I could give this product a minus 10 stars, I would. There is now very strong evidence that chlothianidin which is in this product is one of the pesticides that is affecting honeybees and contributing to colony collapse disorder. This US has yet to ban this pesticide, but it has already been banned in other countries. Avoid this product and any others containing clothianidin.
1,This fly swatter does not work well.  You can't really swat the flies with them, as they feel it coming towards them and fly away.
1,This is so difficult to put the feed in that I can't even use it. I am VERY UNHAPPY with this purchase.
1,Mine just died after a year and a half of use...
1,The technical specifications for this product are inaccurate.  When you call tech support, they say:  "Oh yeah, the printed specifications are wrong."	This unit does not transmit via wi-fi consistently.  When you change the batteries in the receiver, it drops your cumulative data.	For the price,  it will record rain.
1,Because of other people reviews, I only placed 2 rows of seedling along the light so they can all get same intensity of lighting and also lower the light to 5" about the seedling, still I got ALL seedling germination with long legs..... REALLY??
1,I sprayed heavily and by the following week many of the plants had been eaten by deer. The smell wasn't bad but the product didn't work for me. I am quite careful at following the directions and sprayed on 2 consecutive days. It did rain a few days later and possibly it washed off, but that also isn't good. I am going back to my homemade spray with lots of putrefied egg solids. It stinks, but it seems to work.
1,Very attractive but the metal bottom began to rust on its underside, where the nectar makes constant contact. I felt that was a health hazard gor the hummers do in the garbage it went. I used it  6 week making the cost very expensive
1,The can leaks just below the tip, so water drips down the spout.  It also isn't possible to unscrew the tip for more direct watering.  It would be fine for 100% outdoor watering, but if you do anything indoors it drips and the water spray is very wide, making it difficult to use since the tip doesn't unscrew.
1,I have the pool set up, but the pump will work for about 30 min then stops .There is  power to the pump, if I tab it on ground it will start up, I did this 5 times now. I need a new pump ASAP.  I will be glad to send the bad one back, just send me a shipping label (RMA)	I have bought 3 Intex pools in the past and this is the first issue I have had		I am using one from two years ago from my old pool
1,The seeds i got were for a variety of cheap flowers, NOT snapdragon!!
1,it decreases the water flow too much. is hard to lock on, but won't stay locked. a real pain. a
1,I really loved AeroGardens as I own 10 of them, four of them being this AeroGarden 7 I got from Walmart six weeks ago. I grew wonderful herbs, greens, lettuces and had a lot of fun.		This week, the light hood stopped working on one of the AeroGarden I purchased right before holiday. Since under warranty and I have an active garden now, I thought by sending proof of purchase I'd get replacement part sent and be back up and running.		"Customer Service" just sends form emails, not help in getting fixed. So I'm just going eat the produce grown, ship the product back for credit since without the light, it isn't functional.		Too bad, the company lost a really great customer.
1,Don't was your money. This stuff is made by the same company that made agent orange! They hide behind this "wonder product" wreaking havoc on earth and everythin that lives on it, its not just the weeds they're killing with these products
1,This did not fit my mower.  The shipping for return would be more than the product.
1,The sprayer pump didn't work. It does not spray properly and spills over the bottle. Not good. Will update this review after a trial since I found a sprayer at my house and was able to transfer the liquid and use it. But it is extremely expensive to have this type of problems!
1,Incompletely and/or poorly described.  Because it is listed as a hose section replacement, one would assume the diamter at the end(s) permits fitting inside of or around a hose of the usual diameter -- but it is EXACTLY the same diameter, therefore cannot be used as a coupler, adapter, or anything similar.
1,spinner isn't spinning. The coupling appears to rotate freely, and the shape appears factory, but neither the inner or outer is performing as stated, unfortunately. We had quite strong winds, approximately 10-15mph, and it would only rotate to the right and left a quarter turn. Meanwhile, my other spinners are were going strong. I will likely seek recourse as it looks ok, but not functioning as designed.
1,Poor quality
1,I bought this $48 bag of turf builder by mistake. I bought it for my St. Augustine lawn and discovered after I applied it that it is not for St. Augustine.grass. It didn't say in the ad which grasses not to use it on.  I found out after I discovered some dead areas in my yard and going back to read everything on the bag. I think it would be nice if they would list the grasses that it is designed for on the front of the bag.  It wouldn't take that much space. I think my lawn will survive but I wasted $48 and have to find something else. I found Scotts Weed and Feed for Southern Lawns which does say it's OK for St. Augustine but it could not be delivered to my address in Tampa, FL. ???  Anyway, if you are buying fertilizer for your lawn be sure to find out which grasses it is designed for so you don't kill your lawn.
1,Didn't grow! A waste of time and money
1,Somebody open this before I did! Missing the end of the spray wand and the hose clamp that holds the hose to the tank. Without the end to the wand the product is inoperable. Instructions and picture on the outside of the box clearly show both missing items. What happened to QC?
1,Ok just for an arts and crafts project and home decor. These are "NOT" suitable for actual outdoor use for birds. Spend the money and invest in a real quality birdhouse if you want to attract birds.
1,Seeds did not come up.
1,These were advertised as 1 inch diameter I bought 3 packs and not one of the 75 poles were more than 1/2".
1,works great as a trimmer but replacing string is a nightmare!!!!!!  Recommend looking at another brand.
1,I received the rope at 4:30 PM. I immediately tried to install it in my 18' x 36' inground pool.	The rope was too long and appeared, and measured, to be 20' long. I had ordered an 18' rope.	I cannot use this rope because it is to be mounted at the edge of the drop off to the deep end and any child leaning against it could allow them to be on the deep end side, possibly leading to a tragedy and subsequent lawsuit.	The seller pointed to Youtube videos on how to shorten the rope using a fluke, but no fluke was included.
1,I have a severe squirrel problem around my house. The chew the cable line outside, they have even been in the house one year. I also have a large chipmunk population that creates other issues as well. I thought, hoped, prayed that this would work. It didn't. They are still all over. Don't waste your money folks. I suspect I'll have to start trapping them and "re-homing."
1,Wrong product but successful return,
1,Difficult to install for me. Kinda hard to set also. Might be just the ticket for someone else though.
1,Did EVERYTHING right..never sprouted ANYTHING. Photo of this item VERY deceiving, they tell you in the instructions to thin it out to 4 or 5 mushrooms. Photo shows way more than that...however..I NEVER got to that point because nothing ever sprouted!
1,The deer block seems to be very light weight.  It was installed less than a week ago, and has already torn in several places along the shrubbery it was installed on.  I wonder how long it will take for the deer to discover ways to defeat the netting?
1,This has not stopped 1 squirrel in my yard.  I do not get it.  I have seen these used by others and they work great.  I must have super squirrels in my yard.  I moved this thing 30 feet from the nearest tree branch and they are still getting up into my feeder.  I haven't witnessed how they are doing it, but this thing sits 1 1/2 feet below the feeder.  I want it to work, but it isn't.
1,Did not work the point of removal from the shipping envelope. Even after ordering and installing  new battery, there was no reading. All wiring seemed to be in place upon dis-assembly.  In my opinion, it is/was not worth returning. I threw it into the trsh.
1,I got this stuff to help deal with a gnat problem I've had since summer, when I had peaches ripening on the counter for several weeks and concurrently overwatered some plants. I have treated the plants' dirt with insecticide a number of times with improvement but without complete eradication of the gnats. I thought this stuff, in conjunction with another insecticide treatment, would do the trick. Alas no. On one plant with a more significant gnat problem, I realized after a couple weeks that gnats were crawling around on the white growstone mix. That plant has been banished to the outside. This product is supposed to work by drying out the top layer of soil and also (I think) providing a barrier. Just stick with your insecticide treatments (unless the plant is edible, in which case, you just switch out your dirt) and let the plants dry out completely between watering. This stuff is not worth the effort.
1,Fell apart less than a month
1,grass rotted in 2 days. turned all moldy
1,I ordered 2 gallon planting containers. I received 2.8 gallonplanting containers. This will not work for my needs. Too big. Can't plant today as planned. Not hard to read the bottom of the pot before shipping it. Or maybe it is.
1,Worked fine one season.  Died a week into the second.  I am meticulous on the maintenance (oil, cleaning and air filters)
1,This product is way over priced. Thought the price would reflect the quality but I was wrong. Same construction as the cheap ones but a tiny bitt heavier. The  bulb shaft loosens over time and needs to be reset. To reset the bulb shaft the entire valve needs to be removed. Someone needs to create a valve that can be adjusted from above with the turn of a screw.
1,Seems to be good quality, but would not work with my Homelite curved shaft trimmer. It would not work properly because in order to install it on the homelite, you have to reuse the top of the factory head as a spacer on the shaft. Due to this, the Grass Gator head is about an inch below where the original factory head would be, and therefore the string cutter on the guard is too high for the string. You may end up with a foot of string out of the head and it will get tangled or hit you in the leg as you are trimming. This head seems to be good quality and works well, but is not a good option for the Homelite.
1,Roundup is a very poisonous chemical. It is harmful to pets and causes birth defects in humans. Stay away from it.
1,Didn't work for me and didn't fix my hose but leaked worse than the joint leak I had and I would recommend it to anyone.
1,really disappointing - some of the plants did not grow at all - the tomato plants did grow, but got too tall and fell over before they had any tomatoes.  We did not get any useable herbs or tomatoes from this.  I can not recommend it.
1,This is cute but the wings don't move.
1,Fake! Dont buy this because there is No such thing as a rose that looks like this.
1,U.S. Department of Agriculture found seeds in violation of the agriculture quarantine regulation pertaining  the entry and movement of plants.  These seeds from Singapore lacked documentation (phyto-sanitary certificate).  The prohibited material (seeds) had been removed and destroyed by Customs.  I received only the emptied envelope with (Customs) PPQ Form 287 inside.
1,POS. No visits. Mice laughing behind my back, I'm sure. Back to DECON 4 me.
1,FINAL REVIEW (1/15/17):	Okay, my delight for this unit has now dropped from 5 Stars to 1.  And may I add a warning, PAY ATTENTION TO THE WARNING REVIEWS!		I had this unit for many months of fine service.  I was delighted beyond words.  I had a problem with the treads wearing sooner than I'd expected, but I easily replaced them, overlooked the problem, and kept on using the cleaner.  Then it stopped moving.  I could find nothing wrong with it.  I put it back in the pool figuring I'd dislodged whatever was in the way, but it still wouldn't move.  That's not fair to say...it would move, about 10" or so, on one side, and then it would stop moving.  I was sure it wasn't the treads, they were still in fine shape.  Twice more I took the unit apart, and twice more I put it back in the pool, and twice more it refused to do anything more than it was before.		Finally, I called a professional.  He tried his best to recover it and finally reported to me it was unfixable.  He related that he'd seen the same problem with this unit before and that they were simply "garbage".  He recommended a different unit (there was no money to be made in this for him as he refunded the cost of the repairs since he hadn't repaired the unit) and I purchased a new one (simply called "Pool Cleaner") from here on Amazon.  I'm awaiting its delivery and as he says its the unit he has and uses on all pools he professionally maintains, I'm confident it will be the LAST unit I'll have to buy for some time.		In the meantime, those reviewers who tell you this machine WILL die on you...take heed.  Don't waste your money as I did.  Eventually, and all too soon (we're talking well within the first year of service), this machine WILL let you down.		SECOND REVIEW UPDATE (9/8/16):	I've now had this cleaner through a full Las Vegas summer, and I have still had fewer issues with it than any other cleaner I've had in the past!		The only problem I had with it was the treads got fairly worn (over the course of the year, I guess I'm okay with that) and I had to replace them.  Each tread is $10 (on Amazon), so I ordered two and replaced both at the same time (even though only one had shown itself to need replacing), and I'm glad I did both.  It appears they need to wear evenly.  When I replaced just the obviously worn one, the cleaner didn't really work.  But once I put on the second one (and it takes all of about 10 seconds to do), the cleaner took off on its way and that was it!  It was back to doing the best job I've ever seen from a pool cleaner!		Without any reservation whatsoever, I recommend this cleaner to anyone who wants the very best and at a reasonable price (for a pool cleaner).		Well done, Zodiac!  Well done!		REVIEW UPDATE (11/19/15):	After what I think will be the biggest test of this unit, I feel compelled to update my review.  I wish I could give it 10 Stars!  And that's because this past weekend we had one helluva wind storm.  An outdoor covering of mine was shredded by the storm and my pool was filled with leaves, pine needles, and bits (some big ones) pieces of the shredded cover.  And there at the bottom of the pool sat my MX-8 (which I affectionately call Max).  So I pulled Max out of the pool, made sure everything that was over and inside him was out, skimmed and cleaned the pool the best I could, crossed my fingers, and turned him back on.  I came back a few hours later and my pool was nearly clean!  I did a little more maintenance (emptying the basket at the pump, checking Max) and let him keep running.  This morning I walked out to see my pool looking just as beautiful as ever!  It would have taken me FOREVER to clean by hand, and my LAST cleaner would never have survived the mess let alone do such a great job and so fast!		THIS CLEANER IS A KEEPER and I can't recommend it highly enough!		ORIGINAL REVIEW:	I bought this to replace the cleaner that Leslie's Pool sold me saying the one they recommended was the best selling.  It was also LESS expensive than this one, but after several months, including an entire summer, I was sick of the old one getting stuck on everything and anything in the pool.  It would even attach itself to a step, I'd release it, and it'd head right back to the step and get stuck... AGAIN!		Looking at the MX8 I just had a feeling with the treads on each side it would have a better time moving through the pool...and was I ever right!  I've had this a couple weeks now and every time I go out to my pool and the pump is on, the MX8 is moving.  Its never gotten stuck, and the only time it was stopped was when a long strip of something had gotten into it and wrapped around the blades inside.  I pulled the MX8 out of the water, found the little latch to open it, got the strip out, closed it up, set it back in the water, turned the pump back on, and off it went as smooth as ever!  What more could you want?		I've watched this unit over and over again go past and over obstacles in the pool (vents, drains, steps, lights) which stopped my old cleaner.  Its like the Energizer Bunny...it just keeps going and going and going!		Now, as for how it cleans, it does great!  There's more room between the bottom of the unit and the surface of the pool so crap doesn't just get blown out in all directions.  It actually gets trapped and sucked into the machine.		WARNING: USE THE LOWEST TO SECOND LOWEST POWER ON YOUR PUMP!	I've seen a number of reviews of people saying it broke.  But if you follow the directions and understand how it works, its perfect!!!  You can't just drop it into your pool and go...take the few minutes to set it properly and you'll be as happy with the results as I am.  I have a "smart pump" which can throttle the wattage with the push of a button, which saves you money, and this does the best cleaning job I've seen, so there's no need to run it on the higher (more expensive) power setting at the pump.		PROS:	1. Nothing gets in its way.  I've yet to see anything stop this cleaner.	2. It does a great job of cleaning and sucking up the dirt and leaves.	3. Running at lower power (and actually working great!) saves money and makes a LOT less noise at the pump.	4. Even when it should lose power, like when it comes up to the top, it takes far less time to get back down in the water and never releases its grip on the side of the pool.		CONS:	1. Its not the cheapest cleaner you can buy, but you get what you pay for here.	2. The extra tools which it wanted me to use to go from the drain to the hoses are not needed on a smart pump, and I don't remember seeing in the instructions that you can skip using them for smart pumps.	3. That's IT!  No more cons!  Its simply the best cleaner I've ever seen!
1,DO NOT USE IF YOU HAVE PETS> THIS STUFF IS POISONOUS.  Too many warnings.  Too dangerous to use at home.
1,The photos used to show this product within the Amazon advertisement do not make sense. This is extremely small, the spikes are at best compared to what you would get from a Bath sponge or a big dog brush. The fence photo where its on top the rail makes it look like these are much bigger spikes. What I received is easily 4 times smaller that I expected. I was expecting what I saw in the photo.  Either they have a extra small, small, medium, and large size and what I got is the extra small spike. Not sure.
1,First one was defective and the second one isn't much better. It leaks really bad and seems to stop up often.
1,Up-Date.	Just read this, how to keep wasps. bees away from feeder:	When you're looking for a bee resistant hummingbird feeder, there are a few things that you need to keep in mind.	First, bees are drawn to the Color YELLOW, so if your feeder has a lot of yellow on it,YES.	the bees and wasps will be more likely to target it.	So keep yellow to a minimum and red and other colors to a maximum.	Also try and keep your feeder in shade, as bees/wasps would rather be in the Sun.	Now Im not sure this even deserves a 2 star!!!	 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~	The larger top does not come off, as I thought it did, which means, this is hard to get inside to wash.	To fill this,The smaller part at the bottom comes off in two pieces, then snaps together, then screws back on.	I have small slim hands, That said, I cannot get my hand inside the bottom part	to wash this. I have to use a special brush with soap to clean this little humming bird feeder, which	is a pain in the butt.		To make the hummers food.	Its 4 cups water, to one cup white sugar (NOT powdered sugar)	I first use one cup cold water to one cup white sugar.	Boil and stir while the sugar is melting, then for a another few mins. to simmer...	Then I add the other 3 cups of cold water.	Doing it this way, the water is allot cooler and you can then pour it into the	the bottom part of this feeder.	If its hot you will ruin the plastic holder, and you can throw it out.		Im having a awful problem with Bees/Wasps that come to my feeder	and the Hummers cannot compete.	Any suggestions?
1,Didn't last... end blew out... waste of money.
1,This product does a good job of catching flies but it also attracts excess flies. I will be moving mine away from the affected areas because it is attracting more flies and doing more harm than good. I think that it is great that the organization recycles old bottles. Just be aware that you may be creating a problem with this.
1,worked for the winter but didn't hold the cover up and grew mold by the time we opened the pool
1,these are adequate but not great, they hold very loosely
1,Good power for a small saw.  Unlike cheaper saws, this 50cc saw uses standard chains not the low profile chains used by small engine saws.  Also unlike smaller consumer saws, it does not have a primer bulb.  One less thing to break, but this means starting may require more effort to draw gas into carburetor.  Initial use(less than 20 hours so far) showed good power and appears more durable than consumer saws, though harder to start.  Weighs slightly more and costs much more than 30cc saws but well worth it if you are doing any serious cutting.  Uses 3/8". .05 gauge 62 link chain for 18" bar.  Available as low kickback or regular chains from Oregon.  Chains not available at bigbox stores since they sell primarily "consumer grade" power saws requiring low profile chains.		Saw shut down suddenly while cutting after just over a year of use.  My manual stated clearly that my saw had a two year warranty.  Company authorized repair facility will not honor it claiming warranty is now one year.  Will cost $175 to fix--engine lost compression.
1,I have struggled with it for an hour and I still can't get this s.o.b. open.  Unless the woman has the paws of a friggin' bear, she will never be able to open this.  It should be an embarrassment to ORTHO that they design their products for a man's hands.  I am a pretty strong woman but I can't get this open.  And a jar opener won't work because of the useless lip atop the lid.  I am SO angry.
1,Cover measurements are correct but DOES NOT have the adjustable elastic hem cord with toggle as advertised.
1,Applied this, per directions, several times for tent caterpillars in my fruit trees and some type of inchworm on my azaleas. It did not appear to work on the on azaleas at all, and they were completely stripped of leaves in a matter of weeks.  It did slow the tent caterpillars, but definitely did not stop them in their tracks.  I'll be trying another product on the inchworms next year.
1,The birds were able to get to the berries right through the netting.  Really make sure you apply the netting to posts sticking above the fruit with space between the netting and whatever you are protecting.
1,My husband purchased this.  I've used it and I'm not a fan.  It doesn't weigh enough to stay on the bottom of the pool as you're moving it to vacuum.  I grew up using the old stuff in the late 80s and that worked better than this.  It's too light weight and there aren't any bristles on the bottom to push debris into the suction area.  I would not buy this.
1,Put it by a window where a bunch of newly hatched house flies were hanging, but none of the flies were attracted to it. I would b fine w ugly but effective. Ugly, messy and ineffective not so much.
1,I planted these per directions and none og the seeds germinated, none. I even used a grow lamp and nothing. I wish I new where they came from I would ask for replacements
1,Nothing sticks to it but your fingers!
1,Clothing still smells after 72 hours.
1,I've planted over 50 of these seeds and NONE of them have germinated. In comparison, I have had an over 90% germination rate with Survival-Essentials with 112 different seed types and only planting 3-4 at a time. I will be avoiding Country Creek Acres from now on, and recommend you do, too.
1,Not effective at all.  Mice and maybe small lizards keep tripping the traps but no catches.  If I had a cam it would look like a Benny Hill show.  Four traps in one place of mouse traffic, two traps tripped, no catches.
1,Does not stick to the bottom of the pool. Followed directions and did not work under water.
1,This is a piece of junk. Not worth the money. Shabby construction, poor design. Very disappointed and returning to amazon.
1,only half came up not happy.
1,This pump was great while it lasted. Trouble is that it only lasted about a month. I cleaned the filter area regularly but it still didn't help prolong the life of this product. The pump lasted just long enough for me not to be able to return it. Very disappointed.
1,I thought this garden hose nozzle was OK when I bought it, but I do professional roof and exterior building cleaning and one day while working with a friend we came across a blue trimmed metal nozzle made by Orbit (also 8 pattern)  that I was only able to find at L o w e ' s.  This Oribt nozzle kicked but on every nozzle I've ever tried to use by a long shot.  The Orbit nozzle has a LOT better water flow (gallons per minute) and works out to a lot better pressure as well.  This nozzle I'm rating works OK, but for $4 more, the Orbit was a much better deal.  Also, instead of a squeeze trigger, the Orbit has a thumb lever you roll forward and back, which is a SET IT AND FORGET IT option.  If you use a garden nozzle for more than a few minutes, that thumb lever makes the job so much nicer and easier.  I used this nozzle for about 16 hours across a couple of jobs, and the Orbit about 16-24.  My wife and helpers love the Orbit nozzle much better.		Pro's - you can adjust the output using the rotating dial (green dial at the top/back), so you can pull the trigger 100% and still have a low flow or higher flow by rotating the dial.		Con's - low water flow (gallons per minute.	Cons - low pressure (both con's are in relation to the Orbit sprayer which is about 40% more expensive, but for $4 more, you'll get much better results.	Cons - PRICE - the price on this nozzle is no longer 40% less expensive than the Orbit nozzle I use, so you may as well swing by Low e's and pick one up for the same price and get a superior nozzle.
1,Oh boy, a $2 plant with $6 shipping. Is that a deal or what?. Oh yeh, then the plant dies. Cant get any better that. But the aphids come free of charge. Dont waste ur money with Hirts. And can u say FALSE ADVERTISING? How come the aphids are not in the photo? Huh huh?
1,I ordered this on 2/28/14 and did not receive it until 5/5/14.  The seeds came in a small, clear, plastic zip bag with a "Thai Basil" sticker affixed to it.  I counted about 95-100 seeds; however, as the label did not specify "organic", I'm not sure if I really received Organic Thai Basil Herb seeds.  It did not come with the typical planting instructions/paper seed packet, normally associated with purchasing seeds.  I guess my next step it to do some more research on the internet to see if I can find some planting instructions.
1,Flimsy and hard to open
1,Died after first month
1,Really cheap and linked when arrived...have laid out and tried to straighten without any luck..would NOT recommend.
1,The top came off and the bottle was empty, I received a full refund.
1,After spreading the entire bag in my back yard... 6000 sq ft.	maybe 1/4 of the yard grew. we followed the directions watered 3 times a day kept it moist and topped with straw but still NOTHING
1,UPDATE:  I ordered a replacement as my first order was very sparse and most of the plant was in the box and not in the pot upon arrival.  I received the second shipment and am finding that this just is not the plant for me.  I love succulents of most varieties...this just is not one of them.  Again, I received a sparsely planted pot with too much of the plant in the box and not in the pot...this is an extremely fragile succulent. I will not be ordering this type of succulent again.		Arrived not as full as I expected and pieces of the pearl strings fell out everywhere!  After a week this string of pearls looks like it will not survive.  Pieces that have already come out of the pot were not rooted.  I am not pleased!
1,I should have listened to others when they said this thing won't stay on. This thing is heavy and would sink into the pool no matter how much you tied the rope.  They should have multiple ropes hang on the side so you can tied it to the poles. Like a outdoor furniture cover.  What a stupid design.
1,I ordered this smoker since my stand up propane smoker is not large enough to do one of our hand-raised turkeys.  This smoker was barely big enough for a 23 pound turkey, but is not big enough for our 44 pound monster.  I did some of the recommended modifications - setting it on blocks, reversing the legs, drilling holes in the coal pan, etc.  When the top is put on the bottom, it is basically a sieve.  It was impossible to get the temperature to "just right", even when i stuffed tin foil in all the gaps to try and seal them.  So that was a bummer.  On the bright side, I had been thinking about getting  cold smoker so I could smoke cheese, bacon, salmon, etc, and this was perfect!  All the gaps keep the smoker from heating up, and without trying to keep the heat it in worked fabulously.  I now have a full slab of home-made bacon, and I'll be smoking some salmon soon.		If you buy this without expecting to actually cook anything, and use it as a cold smoker, you'll be pleased.  If you expect anything to actually cook - forget it.
1,Sorry, but this product doesn't stop White Fly infestations.
1,The flanges on the base of the frog, that were supposed to lock it in place, were too small so the frog spout does not seat snugly and it wobbles around.  If it is not positioned just so the water only dribbles.
1,This is absolutely the worst product ever. Once purchased I was unable to use in the pool for over a month past purchase price so naturally when I realized it was insufficient I couldn't return as we didn't set up our pool and complete for over 60 days passed purchase. I'm furious actually because I feel like I just gave amazon $35 + for nothing, I guess just to help them get richer!!!		Second time I put into the pool to use I tried turning it on to begin vacuuming and the whole top part where you switch on cracked in my hands and the batteries fell into the pool. The piece had cracked into where you screw it on...What a piece of junk this is. I can't warn you strongly enough!!! Do not buy. The first time I used it all it seemed to do is swish the dirt around and didn't suck anything up...DON'T BUY THIS PIECE OF JUNK!!!
1,Returned this item
1,This statue is absolutely beautiful but sadly like many other buyers, it arrived damaged. I read the reviews and knew it  had a chance of being damaged but hoped I would be one of the luck ones, however I was not. The knee has a busted out hole the side of a grapefruit. Later I will upload a picture. I did not send it back because I heard of one person who sent it back three times! I am trying to solve the problem by wedging a round stone into the gaping hole. My mother says it is a practice of Buddhism to "let go" and live with it in its imperfection. I realize some buyers have not been able to do this when the damage is more extensive. Shame on the sellers!! If it were not for the damage I would give it 5 stars.
1,Never germinated.
1,A couple of reviews for this Kit led me to buy it. I could not have been more disappointed. The side boards came with several knots that went all the way through the wood and were open holes. On two of the boards, there were soft areas (several inches long -- that could be depressed half way into the board). Four of the longer side boards were warped. These boards came tightly wrapped when packaged. When they were unwrapped, they were so warped that I could not re-wrap them tightly enough to fit them back into the box to return the Kit to Amazon. The planter is useless and worthless ... I basically have no planter due to the poor quality of the materials. I wish I had researched the other Greenes Fence Planters -- I noticed a lot of other customers had problems with their Greenes planters similar to mine. Don't make the mistake of buying this ...
1,Clogged my cloning machine. Tried to use something different from clonex. Going to wait a week and see if roots started so far nothing.  I even bought the cloning gel.
1,Ok I did not realize that these seeds was also sold from very good american sellers which has been pointed out by others on amazon (thanks) the company I purchased from was (seedfans)so to all the legit american companys! I am sorry! and wish I could have purchased from you instead I really needed the seeds I ordered so just check who is selling the seeds and if maybe even contact the seller and ask where they are from to make sure. Well first off the reason it takes so long to receive the seeds is they are from hong kong. I have no idea  what the seeds are I ordered many different types and all of them came in a clear zip lock bag no names on items a complete waste of money I will throw these away and buy local So to sum up save your money don't buy this crap from hong kong go to your local wally world or tractor supply you will get better seeds and it will not take over a month to get them.
1,Didnt work
1,i think there are four offerings of this product so my other review is somewhere in amazonia... soooooooooo folks after using these i have downgraded this to DON't LIKE 2 stars.  They escape!!!!  50% of my trap lays are now experiencing taken food and empty traps.  Observations of use: if u don't check within 12 hours for a live mouse they can suffocate, there are claw/chew marks at bottom of door which they escape through too easily, the traps have been rolled over many times so i now have to put a rubber band and small paint stir stick of single chop stick as a base otherwise wedge this thing in as hard as u can.  humane is a relative word and not really why i am using this trap however i have found moisture all over the trap with a live mouse inside, and that one i killed because i forgot the trap location for 48 hours.  the brown plastic actually makes it hard to check the traps often without me lifting the whole thing up to eyeball it.  so lets say i have laid down 20 times all four of my traps this spring and into the summer (trying to say i have used it many times) and here are the results:  i have caught 3 live mice, 1 dead mouse, and about 50% traps with taken food and nothing inside... the ratio is inferior to the kill-rate for the standard mouse traps.  meaning i am not effective. hard to wash cause the door will fight the water flow and certainly if u kill a mouse its a toss out.  when it does capture them you have 12 hours to save them!  so now i am off looking at the metal ones and will no longer use these - i am throwing them out when they are covered in what i am calling the "escaped mouse panic bowel movement" which for the little guys stuck in there a day its like a tight death Boa constrictor room of horror.  not really why you would buy such a product?  if you do consider putting small holes in the top, don't lazily just put food in it after stolen -- the trap must be washed to ensure door will trap, and with a rubber band or more major project make a heavier base for the trap to prevent rollovers (since the door is gravity based anything but top down will make the door a swinging door and not a trap door!).  again i am off this plastic thing
1,Love the concept and how light it becomes when drained . But after a few months of dragging across nothing more than lawn and a few sticks, it has multiple holes/leaks in it.  Quite pathetic that a hose of this price is that delicate.  Very disappointed!!
1,Looking good so far. Small plant but budding is present. Hoping it will continue to do well.		6/20--all plants died on the same day,
1,Does nothing! Waste of money and time. Mosquitoes here are delighted that they weren't eliminated. Goody for them!
1,Sprayer does not work. I measured the weight of the bottle before and after spraying and it is the same!
1,Bottom of the pole broke in half maybe a defect because I have bought 4of these for Christmas presents. So giving it a1 star because no pole should just break in half
1,They might work on some animals BUT NOT CATS or dogs. Watched them play in front of them. Wasn't worth the effort to put them out.
1,save your money, the rats love them.  They drag them away so make sure you tie them down.  They eat the bait and never get caught no matter how sensitive you set them.....free lunch as far as I'm concerned......wound up using rat poison to get rid of them once and for all........save your money on this one
1,{{BUYER BEWARE~~POORLY CONSTRUCTED WEAK HANDLE!!!!		SAME PRODUCT SOLD AT LOWES:  MANY OF THEIR CONSUMER REVIEWS CONFIRM POOR CONSTRUCTION.  HANDLE SEEMS TO BE HOLLOW LENDING TO WEAK BENDING.  THIS IS A SHOCKING DISCOVERY SINCE AMES/TRUE TEMPER HAS MANUFACTURED QUALITY FARMER PRODUCTS FOR OVER 50 YEARS!  PERHAPS, THEY WERE THINKING TO MAKE THIS AFFORDABLE.....I'LL GIVE THEM THAT MUCH CREDIT.  IF ANY, CHECK INTO THEIR INNOVATIVE NON-LEAVES CLOG RAKE~~		Ames True Temper 24" Poly Clogged Free Rake 1904600 / OR LARGER SIZE FOR ADULTS!!!  SEEMS TO BE BETTER QUALITY AS EXAMINED IN BOTH LOWES & SEARS....GOOD LUCK FUTURE PURCHASERS:)
1,These pumps just won't hold up. I didn't even get through one season with this one. I have bought others with the same luck. Value is bad if they don't last.
1,It did not fit the weed wacker at all. The ring seemed smaller.
1,Smells awful and doesn't seem to really have much impact on the bugs in my experience.  Will need to look further for something better
1,All the seeds failed me. I tried two different rounds of planting. 0% germination.
1,Not sure if I got a bum trap or what, but I have a real hard time getting my trap to set.  I have other, smaller mouse traps and have no problem setting them, but I just can't get this one to reliably catch.  It ends up being really stressful trying to set it. Not sure if mine is just defective.
1,Ah, the march of poor products goes on. Went to my local HDepot to get my trusty Ortho ant bait traps and what so I find? Nothing but these absolutely flimsy , DANGEROUS ant bait traps. They are filled with clear poison that a child or pet could easily puncture! The Ortho traps are small metal cans that one can put around the house without fear,	These suck ...........
1,The original wheels wore out with less then 30 hours of use. I don't expect these to last any longer. Husqvarna a big name with a poor system. Lawnmower owners have to pay for wheels regularly to use their investment. Shop around before you buy.
1,Nothing germinated!
1,None
1,made of plastic
1,No germination at all tried several ways don't buy this product
1,Thought it would be a great looking hose holder but it takes FOREVER to wind.  Only looks nice.
1,One bottle was almost empty when received.
1,I was very disappointed, seeds was not in a regular printed seed package. only little amount of seed in the small paper.  Looks so cheap no value will not buy again.
1,I found this worked great for about two months and then started to have problems with the display. I tried to change the battery, but the battery drawer won't open no matter what I do. It did display a low battery icon, but since there's no way to change the battery, it's going in the trash.
1,I am returning this zapper.  Sure it zaps, but the flies keep flying after the first zap unless you catch them on the ground and zap them a second time.  Sometimes they don't even fall to the ground; but keep flying!  It sure makes that LOUD CRACK/ZAP when it comes into contact with a fly; but they are still alive and able to fly!
1,Burns easily and when washed it looks VERY WORN
1,I don't believe I can recommend this product for several reasons, the first, as mentioned by other posters, is the ridiculous amount of stakes they give you. There is not even close to being enough, which I believe is intentional to force you to buy more stakes. Luckily my local store had them. Yet I still believe I will be returning this product as the quality is poor. And as also mentioned by other posters, it is nowhere near high enough to contain even the smallest amount of mulch. Its ridiculously low.
1,I purchased your Hibachi-style Charcoal Grill (L410) May 2011 and the cooking grill/grid is rusting terribly.  There are spots where the rust is coming off in layers.		My built-in gas grill has cast iron grids/grills and after nine years only get surface rust which is easily wiped off.		At the rate the grid/grill is rusting, it will be rusted through and destroyed in another year.		The grill is stored out of the weather and has never been rained on.		Other than the cooking grill/grid, the rest of the unit shows minimal surface rust.		Lodge says, "The grill is losing its seasoning.  I would recommend re-seasoning."  DUH!,  The first time you cook over  charcoal producing temperatures well over 1000F, any seasoning is GONE.		Be careful with this grill.
1,No flowers yet
1,I could not get this thing to work.  No matter what I tried, the thing would not reliably make compost.  I've had better results with a pile in my yard or a hole in the ground.  Don't waste your money.		BTW, this thing is very dangerous.  The plastic it is made of is very flammable.  When I couldn't get it to work, I placed it near my burn pile.  The thing burnt like an old tire soaked in gasoline.  Very surprised it is so flammable.
1,I was given a La Cross weather station as a gift which did not work out of the box.  Calling the customer service number I got no opportunity for human feedback but an offer of a call back for service.  I got the call back 2 weeks later when I was not home and the massage included another call back number and a case number.  I have subsequently called 6 times and left a message 6 times and in an additional 3 weeks have no sign of human interaction with my problem from La Cross.  Dont just stay away, run away from anything these folks sell.
1,junk
1,The seeds did not grow
1,This clarifier is, at best, only moderately effective. I works only if water is only faintly cloudy. Heavier cloudiness renders it ineffective. Confronted with a heavily turbid pool this product was essentially worthless. Ultimately, I had to resort to a more expensive but much more effective product to clarify the pool.
1,Like others have said, you can't see it at night. You have to have it at a certain angle to view it. About the screws to the battery, try a different Phillips head screwdriver. I had to go through a couple to find a screwdriver that fit it just right without stripping. About the suction. Try rubbing a very thin amount (not much) of Vaseline on the suction cup before placing it on the window.	 Now the temperature. I did a little experiment. I have 3 of these, exact same model. I put all 3 of them together in the same spot and guess what?  Every single one of them gave me a different temperature reading. I took some pictures of the 3 Acurites outside on my window. I'll post them under images. Here are some stats: #1 showed 56.1 degrees, #2 showed 50.9 degrees, #3 showed 48.7 degrees.  Same Thermometer, different readings. I was disappointed. They were in the the same spot for 24 hrs.	 So, in conclusion, I have 3 Thermometers, and I still don't know what the correct temperature is. So I can't recommend this Thermometer
1,I read the description for this feeder and apparently misread it. We don't have cardinals in California but I thought it would hold a mixture of different seeds. Unfortunately the seeds I use were too small to stay in the feeder. It just didn't work for me.
1,I always try and buy made in AMERICA goods I asked the question...Where is it made before I made the purchase ( made in USA?...YES!)	well I have it, Made in Taiwan!!! the threads in some places are terrible the hole unit looks like it was used for ten years before I received it TODAY!	it is not a well made product and it is NOT MADE IN AMERICA!!!
1,Ripped on one day
1,This did not fit as posted at all . Was too small and would not go over the table. Looks to fit a small patio set . And would have been too short had it fit the diameter of the table .
1,I got this to try out pellet cooking, I am still liking the idea of pellet cooking however, this grill is the pitts (pun intended).  My grill when set up to stay at 200 degrees takes wild swings in temp and then the burn pot goes out, then it loads up the burn pot with lots of pellets, then I notice and reset going through the recommended off time and then back to smoke.  Then all pellets catch on fire burning the paint off the unit.  After many hours on the phone with tech support they sent me a "plug and play" controller board, far from plug and play with screws to remove - wire ties to cut - circuit board screw terminals for thermostat and other things....anyway did not help a bit.  This is the last grill I would buy, I feel used.  I have bought some pretty stupid things, you know like those fur sinks that were on sale and that bridge in New York that had no one on the title, oh year the the African Prince I helped set up a bank account using my banking information but this.......was the worst.		To be more clear - my grill cannot be left un attended - I use the iDevice with probes I can monitor from my phone so that i can see the ambient temp and my meat temp at the same time.  Something about this grill that, out of the 5 times I have tried to slow smoke something, cause the temp to fluctuate.  for instance if set on 200, the temp of grill will swing from 150 to 250 or so in a patern then out of the blue, it will spike way high around 350 and then it tends to extinguish itself, somehow in an effort to dump more pellets into the burn pot it overloads the pot (nothing is burning).  When I shut it down and restart all the unburned pellets, now overflowing into belly of unit start burning causing a super hot fire for a while.  It has burned the paint off the belly of the unit and the Warranty desk says I should paint it.		attached pictures of grill w/burnt/peeling paint, unburned pellets, and the iDevice showing the spike of the ambient temp right before extinguish.		The warranty desk should just send me a whole new control unit.
1,Grew well last summer. Dried in winter and did not grown back this summer. Ordered another from another vendor this year.
1,Product worked great last growing season.  Plugged it up this year and it does not have any power to the plug for the mat.
1,Fuel lines deteriorate quickly. The first one I thought was a fluke but it is cheap product. The other parts maybe OK but the fuel lines are junk.
1,This apparatus is being sold under different brands although they all look exactly the same. The square kind works for me to measure moisture and the round ones are worthless. I only use these to make sure that I do not over or under water my plants. If I am to follow the readings of these round meters, all my plants would drown. I compared the square and round ones side by side and knew exactly which ones are working. Pretty but worthless crap. May be they would work sometime for some lucky ones but not for me. I got them on Ebay and it was a big hassle to get my money back: They want me to send back to China. Yeah right! Lucky for me that Ebay looked at my posted pictures and refunded.
1,Dry mildewed rotted seeds.
1,I have tiny black ants in my bathroom and I was hoping this would help solve my problem. However, it didn't. I used it per the instructions and ants really didn't seem interested. I bought the TERRO liquid ant killer and it works soooo much better! Don't waste your money on combat-- go buy Terro!
1,Only a few of these seeds germinated
1,Came with broken legs. Very small, about the size of a quarter. Sent back.
1,I've used the cheap red plastic feeders for years. We have hummingbirds year round here. I just took my cheap plastic red ones down because they were getting in bad shape and moldy. I had birds up until I took my feeders down. Once I put these up I've not seen my birds return at all.		Keep in mind I make my own nector and I don't add food color. These have no color to them but green.
1,Disposable Product, like so many other things these days.  All of the negatives others have mentioned are true.  Skimmer net holes too large to catch a lot of debris.  The vacuum is pretty much a waste of time in SO many ways. After using the skimmer attachment literally about half a dozen times (for very short periods of time), it will no longer attach on the pole without spinning freely -- the little, plastic prongs/bumps will not "pop" into place any more.  Because the purchase price was as low as it was, I gave this two stars, but if I only base my review on product performance, it gets zero stars.
1,Great mat, but we needed something inside the shower and this just held too much water. Otherwise, very unique and does what it's supposed to do ... keep your feet off cold, wet surfaces.
1,I returned this  because it had obviously been used and was dirty  Parts were missing.
1,not working
1,The spout leak. Waste of money.
1,This was crazy hard to assemble. I'm on my third week messing with it. Had to use superglue for missing parts and gorilla tape. It's really big which is kinda nice. I just wasn't expecting that. The metal that goes through one wheel to attach isn't long enough to screw it on. I'm still trying to figure out how to keep in rolling  I've thought of tape or superglue but that means it won't roll on one side which seems dangerous. Also one screw that goes through a handle isn't long enough. Had to tape it. There are three parts left that I have no idea where to go. The instruction book skips parts and you have to figure it out on your own. Also only pics and some don't even look like the actual parts.
1,I did everything I need, but it is still very small and green, maybe inch tall, and worse...it started to die...stay away
1,Avoid at all costs. Line feed mechanism is a joke. You will spend most of your time removing the spool and threading line, only to have it snap and withdraw back into the spool. Insane design. As for the leaf blower, it would be best at removing saw dust off the floor at best.
1,Did not work
1,Professional "Miracle Grow" makes this product look like plain water!  I used it in a soil setup, just as the bottles said you could, and experienced poor growth rate among other things---having to measure a teaspoon of this and a teaspoon of that.  I would not recommend this product(s) for even growing ditch weed.  It's horrible for soil, and possibly for hydro setups--don't fall for the hype as I did.  Save your money and buy Miracle Grow Professional Bloom Booster.
1,I suppose if the constant rattle and noise wasn't so severe, I might enjoy it. After just one test use, the motor sounds as if it's being run by hamsters in a wheel.
1,junk, worked 2 times no support from the seller and no support from amazon
1,Didn't much care for this but you may like it.
1,One of the lights didn't work and supper cheap material. Don't buy.
1,This product went rotten on me, and had stuff floating in it. Botanicare is now owned by Scotts Miracle Gro and Monsanto, which are terrible companies.	I suggest instead a certified organic product called Mother Earth Super Tea.
1,Good: Effective on heavier greasy dirt (with some post-spray wipedown) that my other cleaner wouldn't touch.		Bad: "Just spray on [and] you're done!?"  Um, no.  If you set it for a fine mist, it does nothing but get the dirt wet.  If you set it for narrow spray it does some good, possibly from the force of the spray, but now you're spraying three-inch spots.  It takes much tedium and a LOT of spray to do the entire screen, and you still have to wipe off the dirt afterward.  I did half of one screen this way, then went back to my&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Ettore-Clean-Screens/dp/B000RUCEYS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Ettore Clean Screens</a>&nbsp;wipes for the rest.		Ugly: You really can't spray screens from the outside if you don't want everything inside near the window covered in cleaner, and if you spray from the inside out, odds are it'll blow right back in your face.  The only practical way I see to use this stuff is to dismount the screen, and if you have to do that you might as well use a hose and brush on it.		Bottom line: In hindsight, it should have been easy for me to see that cleaning a window screen with a spray bottle would be an exercise in frustration.  This product proves it.  Two stars.
1,Didn't keep birds away. They figured it out within 20 minutes and the crowded around it. Not enough power to move a pigeon when the arms hit them. Returned
1,Turned my pothos yellow
1,Words cannot possibly describe how much I hate this thing.  Within ten minutes of using it, both lines were jammed.  I pulled out the spool, and sure enough the lines were twisted in such a way that I actually had to use a needle-nose pliers to unjam it.  And this is fresh out of the box!  I didn't do a bad job loading the line, the manufacturer did.  After (I thought) fixing this, I realized that what another reviewer here said was complete accurate - loading dual-line heads is a major pain.  I started again, and within three minutes, the line came to another loading jam.  Used the needle nose to fix it, worked five minutes, then another jam!  This time I re-wound the thing myself, finally realizing that the factory does a horrible job at it, took over 5 minutes to re-feed it because of the dual line problem, and got it going again.  The final result is that what should have been a simple 10-minute job took over a half hour.		I guarantee I will NEVER by a Weed Eater product again.  EVER.
1,I'm very unhappy. It is half filled. I want to return but I don't have time.
1,Absolute piece of JUNK. Cheap plastic handle broke after 4 uses. Looks nice, but is WORTHLESS. Don't waste your money like I did.
1,They didn't last long.
1,The recipe for nectar is simply 1 part sugar to 4 parts boiling water (1/4 cup sugar to 1 cup boiling water). DON'T add red dye. It'll keep in your fridge fine. Audubon, Smithsonian, & other bird groups recommend homemade nectar because it's nutritionally sound & doesn't pump preservatives into birds. You're also more likely to keep your feeder fresh, since this is so simple to make. If you're not getting action at your feeder with this recipe, try moving your feeder to a new location. Or buy another feeder with the money you would've spent on this bottle of sugar and try 2 locations! Happy birding!
1,These do not light easily at all, don't burn evenly once lit, and appear to be a total waste of time and money. I spent too much time and  effort trying to light them in two chimneys.		I'll go back to using newspaper, light once and forget is what I prefer.
1,Warning:  My Caliber III Digital Hygrometer reads much higher than actual relative humidity level (approximately 10% higher than my other calibrated lab units).		If you require accurate relative humidity measurements, I would not recommend this unit--especially for critical applications (fine instruments for example).
1,I don't even want to talk about it,, but not one blade of grass appeared, even with constant watering.
1,I tell my husband not to have me order anything that has a high percentage of returns and well he made me order this.  We had high hopes . He followed instructions and there was no suction.  He tried everything and final gave up.  I am trying to return this to get my money back.  I guess we will have to go with the 400+ dollar model or I will just get in our pond with hip waders to get out the stuff myself.
1,No germination.
1,you would thing out of 5000 you would get at least one to grow but none of them came up, not one
1,Returned. One big mess of mesh.
1,Not effective as a measure to secure a plant to a stake. As the velcro is very thin and ineffective.
1,I have recently turned my pool into a pond and the plants are too small to shade it so it's getting algae. Losing one point because I had to leave Amazon and go to manufacturer's website to find out if it provided any UV shade. It does...but they should have mentioned that here on this page as well as on the bottle.		According to the directions, I would need 7-8 oz. My pond had a yellowish-green cast to the water (before photo) and after reading the reviews of so many people getting green, I was leery. I started off with three oz and it turned a gorgeous shade of turquoise. I added another 2 oz and it turned a gorgeous shade of teal green, another 2oz made it a gorgeous shade of emerald green. In hindsight, it makes sense that I would get green as yellow water and blue dye logically would make green. Lose another star for not mentioning this on the bottle or this Amazon page either.		I have no way of knowing if it's blocking enough UV to stop the algae from growing till the plants get bigger.		The fish had no issues with it. It does not make the fishes appear different colors, which surprised me, my white ones still look white under all that emerald water.		It is a gorgeous color, it's just not blue.  It is a clear color, you can still see every little thing on the bottom.		Lose third star because I didn't want an emerald green pond and therefore would not buy this again.
1,These are not good quality bottles.  Also the nozzles are not adjustable and mine only allowed for a strong stream and no mist.  I guess it would be fine for spraying the cat when it jumps on counter but not good for cleaning or using to mist plants.
1,DIDN'T GROW & TOOK FOREVER TO RECEIVE
1,DIFFICULT TO PRAISE A SQUIRREL PROOF PRODUCT WHEN YOU HAVE TWO  SQUIRRELS  INSIDE OF THE UNIT EATING TO THEIR HEARTS CONTENT.  IF YOU DO NOT HAVE SQUIRRELS AND WANT TO KEEP THE BIG BIRD OUT THIS WILL WORK. OUT SIDE OF THAT NOT WORTH THE TIME EFFORT OR MONEY
1,This device don't work as being advertise.  Do not buy this product.
1,I did not buy this on Amazon but I did get 5 of them from a local store.  At first they seemed heavy and I liked the metal frame vs. the plastic frames on the others in the price range.  For most of the first summer they all worked fine.  Beginning the second summer they began to stop oscillating and started ending up in the garbage.  This is the third year and I just threw away the last one.
1,Product came as advertised and promptly. Now to wait for spring!	Update: my Dad planted and absolutely nothing came up. Very disappointed!
1,I think we got a bad one by accident. The reviews were really positive about using it on composite decking. I was very excited to find one. We recently got a lot of rain like a lot of states have. I thought the backing of the mat was not poured on correctly. With all the rain it was stained. Every product did not work including composite deck cleaner. Mat goes to the trash after I brand new deck by 3 weeks. We are covering the spot with furniture.
1,Didn't take long for the case to start rattling. Who know's if it's accurate...
1,not one of these seed bloomed not very happy
1,Note that the illustration of the product may not be correct. At the time I am writing this, the wrong scoop is illustrated.		The Heath FS-1 has three parts. There is the scoop/funnel body, there is a sort of funnel-shaped round disc insert, and there is a kind of rotary shutter between the two that has a peg protruding through the bottom of the funnel body by which the shutter is operated. One problem is that these pieces are just fitted together and can easily come apart, as a couple of other reviewers have noted. The second problem is that the pieces don't fit together tightly and so allow leakage of seed, especially tiny seed like nyjer.		My experience is that funnel/scoops that have a back-and-forth slide have less leakage and don't come apart. But they are also longer than this funnel, which gives this funnel an advantage if you are scooping from a small bin.		On the whole, I wish I had not purchased this funnel. I have had to order a different kind.
1,This product does not repel our dog nor the stray cats in the area.
1,I used 2 whole bottles all over my yard, every plant and even all over the grass. Within hours Rabbits were back :-(	Didn't seem to phase even the older Rabbit. One looks older and 2 smaller ones. For me it was 100% waste of money.
1,If you have hard, clay soil ... no good. The soil is difficult to pierce and even after that, it gets stuck in the holes. Would probably be best served in more favorable conditions. For us, it's more of a pain cleaning and again, just punching through is too much effort. Better off renting a gas-powered aerator for $50-75 every year from Home Depot.
1,Caved in after three fires!! Cheaply made. I do not recommend
1,rip off do not order!
1,Designer obviously never used any standard seed trays.  The dimensions given are outer dimensions *and* the sides of the tray slope inwards so much that seed trays are too long to put inside.  Really a shame because if this thing had been another inch wider, I'd give it 5 stars.  Not sure what I'm going to do with the 2 I purchased.  The handles and back edge really are ridiculously wide.  If you don't need to fill standard 1020-sized seed or plug trays, this could be a great idea for you.
1,Caught nothing but leaves.  Animals goes in and out like it's a restaurant because seed/treats are always gone but no critters.
1,Returned.
1,Not impressive.
1,2 for $16. One works, the other broke trying to put it in the ground.
1,I  was given a free product to review but I  only have 72 hrs to post my review. Sadly that really isn't long enough for a fair review as the directions do say it could take 3 weeks to see results.	I originally put the unit in my kitchen, but I have three dogs and it really seemed to bother one of them. So I moved it to my guest bathroom, which is right by the back door. So far I don't notice any improvement, but it's only been 2 days.  I still have hopes it will help . I'll update my review when I've given it the 3 weeks it sugg5.
1,We followed the instructions for this product, but it didn't take any more off than we were able to remove with bleach, power washer and elbow grease.  Our fountain is a heated all year fountain made out of resin plastic.  Maybe it really isn't made for that.  I'm not saying it might not work for others, but for our fountain, it was a waste of money.
1,probably way beyond my skill as a gardener but I could not get any of this to grow		unfortunate because I was really excited about it - I do plan on trying again... just beware you gotta have an extremely green thumb - in my opinion.
1,I wouldn't buy again.  People say it won't float if u fill it with water or sand.  Not true.  I'm shirt so I don't need a head rest so I tried to use it as a cushion.  Didn't work.
1,Hanging piece broke within a couple of weeks of buying. String is very flimsy and I noticed not long after I bought this that Wal-Mart sells these type of feeders for $4.
1,I purchased this product over a year ago and it really didn't work from the beginning and when you put the bagger on to mulch the leaves it gets dusty all over your clothes. I should have returned it at that time when I wanted to but I talked to Worx and they said that when you mulch leaves and other debre, it gets dusty.	So, I haven't used since and it hangs in my shed. I guess its too late to return it. Buyer beware.
1,And isn't worth the cost to return it. This item arrived with a broken fan despite being well packed. It was shipped UPS so i am miles from a drop point and it just inst worth the drive. This item IMO is so cheaply made that it can't survice shipping. Dont waste your money on this product.
1,unsuccessful in growing these
1,Arrived already looking sad.. and dead. Very dead, like don't get it near an open flame dry
1,These glue traps are not good for Norwegian rats. The rats get affixed to the glue but they are so large they	easily extricate themselves from the glue trap. All you have in the trap is rat fur along with their associated diseases.		Maybe these glue traps are good for mice but if you are besieged with Norwegians your best hope is to pray to Odin.
1,kept popping loose
1,Followed the directions to a "T"...NONE of the seeds germinated. Unfortunately I bought two bags of this. What a waste of $60
1,I have been living in this house for over 30 years and maintaining the lawn using Scotts products exclusively,  most of that time. This year, I decided to try the Scotts 4 Step Program in order to simply my lawn care process / time spent on lawn care.	  I am very disappointed with the Scotts Step 1 and Step 2 process so far. Because of the poor results, I may not use Step 3 and Step 4.	Steps 1 and 2 were applied at the right time of year / month(s) as indicated on the bag using a Scotts Drop Spreader, set to the correct setting for our part of the country. I don't like the Scotts Rotary Spreader (that I also have) because I can't see or judge where (or how far) the rotary spreader has thrown lawn product and have previously burnt the lawn using the rotary spreader. Drop spreader is a lot easier to use, with more consistent results. Just follow the tire marks in the grass!	  Problems experienced with Steps 1 and 2:	1) The grass was not getting very green or even dark green, so I also purchased the Scotts Deep Green fertilizer (after using Steps 1 and 2) with Iron to try to get the lawn a nice healthy green color. Didn't happen. Get darker, richer green results with ordinary Turf Builder, based on my experience.	2) I keep getting dandelions in areas that were treated (on schedule) with Steps 1 and 2. How can that be? And I am sure these areas were done correctly because I did them myself with the Scotts Drop Spreader, per the instructions.	3) Cut at a 3 inch height, the grass looks good. But my neighbor accidently cut my lawn (while doing his) too short and suddenly, I could see all this yellow, weak looking grass I could not see before. What's that all about? The lawn really looked bad until it grew back in in about 7-10 days.	  Based on the above experience, I am going back to simple Scott's Turf Builder to get my lawn nice and green again and I'll buy a commercial brand weed and feed at a local contractor supply store.
1,Nozzle where air comes out pops off constantly. I have a small lawn so it's ok but it's annoying to keep having to stop and put it back on.
1,Picked this pole out because of the reviews.  I waited to unpack it until my pool renovation was complete.  Once I unpacked it. I was very disappointed to see two long scratches on the black painted part of the pole that exposed the metal below.
1,Defective. Returned for replacement. Normally a great bottle and I have several. Just happen to get a bad one.
1,very small package, and pricey
1,I purchased this item in July of 2012.  Fast forward to September of 2014.  Today it broke and I ordered a new one.  Light use.
1,The pool hose lengths appear to be of high quality, but they won't stay connected. The connections pull apart with only the slightest pressure, inspite of requiring too much elbow grease to push together.
1,Lasted a few months before some internal part wore out.
1,Hard to operate.
1,I have a 80" table with 6 chairs.. It covered it well but the draw stings to secure it at the bottom don't pull well at all! I assume its because of the size but not good! it also only has 2 clips for such a large cover it should have more!
1,This might catch a mosquito, but I wouldn't know because they are too fast to come within the 1 inch that this product needs to be effective.  The design is smart, it just doesn't deliver on power. Can't catch any bugs, flies are too fast because you have to basically touch them with it. I can't recommend this to any one for any reason.
1,It is hard to see if there is a mouse in the trap so they die and can become pretty stinky before you find them.  The mice can also get in, steal the bait and get back out if you don't tilt the back of the trap up.  I liked the idea of not having to set the trap.  One other thing.  If you catch them you have to take them out and turn them loose or kill them.  Turn them loose and they come back.  A good mouse is a dead mouse!
1,popped before I could get it in the pool
1,First of all I bought these for a small grow area (extra closet). They simply do not work. Once you spray the pads with water, they dry out within a half hour. Especially if you are using warm lights. I'm using CFL bulbs so the heat is minimal. Air flow is good. I finally gave up after testing the air and it showed no legible increase in CO2.		I did come up with a solution, and it's cheap and easy to use.		Purchase some unflavored no-sodium-added seltzer water (case of 12-oz cans). You can get them at CVS. Keep them at room temperature. When ready to use, flip off the pop-top and stick the bottom part of a spray bottle (the trigger gun's straw). It's this long tube that goes into the spray bottle with the spray pump on top. Pump the spray gun a few times to prime it by using both hands (one to hold the can, and one to hold the spray trigger), and start misting your Ladies from stem to stern. You can pour the seltzer into the spray bottle, but you'll lose CO2 and the spray bottle may burst!		The CO2-laden mist will cover your plants beautifully and you'll likely go through a whole 12-ounce can. You can use it on any houseplant that loves CO2. The seltzer water, which is Carbonic Acid, is better known on the streets as H2CO3. As it breaks down, the CO2 is released and absorbed by your plants and the other byproduct is H2O (aq). Measurements indicate nearly 1100 ppm lasting for nearly two hours.		I do this once every two days and the resultant growth is absolutely incredible. Beautiful, broad leaves, strong stems, and healthy flowering buds. I do the Seltzer spray at the beginning of the 12-hour on cycle (or 18-hour cycle depending on what stage of growth you're in). I've had to remove broad leaves from my plants that were shading lower leaves as they were about the size of my fist. Incredible.		Keep in mind that CO2 mixes well with the air around it so misting the leaves with seltzer will aerate the stems and branches. Works on houseplants, indoor plants, etc...		Stay away from the pads. They dry out, I get no increase in CO2 (which only makes Al Gore happy), and found a solution that is simple and effective. Enjoy!
1,I purchased a blue "pocket hose" bearing the XHOSE brand at a home show and it was great.		When I saw these on Amazon, at a great price, I purchased two. Both of them failed immediately.		The folks who are making this particular brand of "pocket hose" are selling crap and piggy-backing on the well-built ones.		Don't order this one. Only order the X HOSE brand.
1,This does not work as well as described!	the water trickles out and there is no way the amount of water pumped out per hour is accurate. Very disappointed.
1,I read the reviews and there were more positive than negative, so I took a chance.  I'd advise you not to and save your money.  These do not work.  I still have gophers everywhere.  I've got 4 of these in an open, 3/4 acre area.  There's nothing blocking the signals.  I've had them in place for a few months now and there's never been any indication that the gophers are bothered by them.  They even go right up to the stakes.  I don't know what I'm going to do, but this isn't the solution to our problem.
1,waste - not a seed germinated
1,Originally gave it a five star because I was happy with the length. However, today I went to use and it leaks at  male fixture. So, I tried a new washer at the point of contact, still leaks . So, disappointed.
1,VERY disappointed in this trimmer. I have a LOT of DeWalt products but this one has failed in less than two months. It started off good but it recently we started needing 3 or 4 batteries to get the same amount of trimming done. It finally pretty much stopped working. I found that when I turn the trimmer head with my hands, it would stop/scrub about every 180 degrees. I could turn it about another 1/4 inch and it would spin freely again until it went about half way around where it would stop/scrub again. To late to return it to Amazon so I called DeWalt. My nearest service/repair location is nearly 2 hours away. I was told I could ship it, at my expense, to the repair location. After expressing my displeasure they offered to send me a shipping label so it would not cost me anything. Gonna ship it back tomorrow with intentions of getting a full refund. I will try to update this as things progress
1,Maybe slowed ants up a little didn't really work
1,Overall	1/5 stars	While this grill looks good from a far with Charbroils mix of Stainless Steel and Black Porcelain.  Some parts up close seem to look unfinished including holes drilled on the side for both a handle and for hooks to hang your utensils which is not included on this model.  The price was right but because of the safety reasons between both the lack of proper ventilation and multiple areas of the porcelain chipping off from the grates I am hesitant to continue using it at this time.		Grill safety	1.  The most dangerous item I found when reviewing this product is if the grates are not cleaned properly this caused an issue with ventilation causing the flame extinguishes itself.  BEWARE its too easy to hit the button to relight it though.  Relighting the grill without turning off the gas and clearing the unused gas first created a small gas explosion that in both instances popped the grates up and flames to shot out.	To avoid this from happening you must make sure the grates are properly cleaned before each use, if it does happen follow the books instructions of turning off the gas and letting it air out first before proceeding.	2.  This grill also has no secondary grill lid which can cause the exterior of the grill to get extremely hot causing burns if you or your kids are not careful.	3.  Grates on this grill are porcelain coated cast iron.  Due to the constructions of these grates I have found them to fail very early on causing the porcelain to chip off while cooking.  Charbroil has issued me two replacement sets within the first month but has offered no valid reason yet on why they are failing so soon or a permanent solution to this issue.		Cleaning	5 stars	The grates are difficult to clean when compared to Non-Infrared grates but similar to other Infrared grills.  Keep this in mind when buying Infrared.  The easiest way I can recommend is use the grate scraper Charbroil included this will remove 90% of the food bits with ease.  After this is done if there is still food bits or grease clogging the ventilation take the grates off and spray down with the hose or in kitchen sink.  After this is completed coat the grates again with a low fat oil to avoid damaging the porcelain.	DO NOT a wired brush as this will cause porcelain to chip off much quicker.  Although from my experience this happened with and without the use of the metal brush.		Customer Service.	4 stars	Charbroil has replaced these grates twice in the first month, I believe they are doing what they are allowed to do with the limited power they have but not address the manufacturing issues with the porcelain coated grates.  So far the only option I have been given is to replace the grates with ones that are OEM instead of fixing the issue with grates made from Stainless steel.		Installation	4 stars	Unboxing and putting the grill together took slightly longer than 2 hours while following fairly easy to follow instructions.  Note not all pictures were easy to determine what goes where, for this you will need to play a little of the game Whats different		Additional items to purchase if you are considering this grill you will want a 3  4 grill cover along with a non-metal brush to clean the grills.	-=-=-		EDIT:  Within the first month this grill has started to show signs of rust on the stainless steel even though this grill has been covered when not in use.
1,Doesnt work as they say. Very disappointed and AeroGarden has even worse customer support. The will replace anything if you are willing to wait and wait and wait.
1,Cheap and hard to pressurize. Don't like it.
1,I have mailbox wraps for different seasons. I use this one for Spring which then gets replaced with flip flops for Summer. all of my other wraps were purchased in 2014. this was purchased in 2016 (making it the newest in my collection). in comparison, this is inferior quality, having severely faded. in addition, I thought the full magnet back would be an advantage but I found that this magnetic wrap isn't strong enough to adhere. my other wraps just use a magnet strip that must have a stronger attraction. I would not purchase this again and do not recommend it to others.
1,The product just wasn't what I expected.  It was way too flimsy to handle bigger sized pots, which is what I needed it for
1,Bought this and the IV and NEITHER of them are accurate. Also bought the Ambient Weather Station and another hygrometer.  All of those out of the box are all within 2% of these and should be accurate out of the box with the settings in my house.  These are both over 10 degrees higher in temp and neither of them have the same humidity reading and both are WAY off.  If I can't calibrate it and it doesn't hold then money wasted.  I tried the factory restore to zero and both units are still way off and not even close to each other.		Personally, save yourself from wasting money and don't buy them.  Even if you can calibrate it why is it like this out of the box when this is supposed to be such a great item.  People that have good reviews - I hope you checked it for accuracy.  Two separate sellers and neither are calibrated so it can't have anything to do with where it came from.  It's the brand.  Sadly I have a third one coming!  Wasted money buying 3 of these because of the reviews!  So far 2 are junk out of the box.  If it won't measure temp what do you do with it?		Ambient Weather Station - out of the box ACCURATE		THIS IS JUNK
1,I received these awful mats 20 minutes ago. I just printed out a return label..Bad enough that these mats are	ridiculously small ( much smaller than pictured), but the vendor rolled these 3 mats up so tightly that you	would need a steam roller for a week to possibly get them to lay flat ! Adding insult to injury, I am incurring a shipping	charge to return this inferior product..A waste of time and money.
1,Be aware that it arrived with a large label "glued" to the inside.  The label had the supplier's and Amazon info.  The label is not an easy peel off.  Most of the glue and half the paper remains and is very difficult to remove even with the common remedies like WD 40 and Goop Off - really stupid to put it on crystal clear Lucit like material.
1,None of seeds was Germinated. I won't buy any seed any more!
1,Did not fit & I returned it
1,Had no problem getting the seeds to get started,once they popped up the were very fragile and all 20 died within a month.
1,The pot was still in one piece upon arrival and design-wise, it is very pretty. The bone glaze style is true to color and is exactly as pictured. However, it's NOT ACTUALLY CERAMIC and it's not well made.		Instead of ceramic, it is some composite material that is cheaply painted - which after putting water in it (as you would if you planted something in it), bubbles and peels off. It took less than 24 hours after potting my plant and watering it for the paint to start bubbling! After a couple more days, the paint over the bubbled areas started peeling. The seller warns to use a water plate underneath as water might seep through the bottom, but there is no warning about moisture in the pot ruining the paint. If your intent is to use this as a pot for a live plant, DO NOT BUY this pot.
1,not heavy enough to stay on bottom of the pool.  Nice try through.
1,I watered these 2 times a day like they said,the first box is doing somewhat better than the other it was in shreds,and I don't think had any seeds at all
1,It does not work when I try so many times to pull down the basket, only works  (sometime don't) when I have to pull the loop of the hanger that the basket hook goes in which I have to stand on a chair to reach it!
1,This is hard to work with. The flexible CO2 tube works so much better. Plus this also seemed to have tiny pin holes in some of the tubing, it took me a while to figure out why my set up was not working. It was because there were small holes in the line! Very frustrating. Would not buy again.
1,I feed a variety of finches from a variety of different brands of nyjer. I have fed goldfinches and lesser goldfinches for years... No one touches this one.
1,not one mushroom.  waste of money  doesn't deserve one star
1,This canopy is not as durable as the original and lasted just shy of 2 years since purchasing	And btw to be fair , the replacement canopy may have lasted longer if I had applied the solar treatment	I just removed the ripped canopy thinking would be tedious but just ripped apart like tearing old parchment paper
1,Not waterproof.  What's the point?
1,When we first got this cover we thought it was perfect. It fit the grill and it looked good. However, after three years of use we had to throw it away. The fabric and lining rotted and ripped. The fabric was so discolored it looked terrible. We had saved our old vinyl cover and put that back on the grill. Save your money unless you plan to keep the grill and cover stored out of the elements.
1,Worthless product. I just doesn't work at all....not even against mosquitos, much less ticks and chiggers which are the real bad guys in Ga. I've tried several other organic bug repellents and this is the worst. Oh...and the sprayer is pretty useless too. The folks saying this works... either they don't have bugs or have no point of reference to start from. You really don't have to use DEET except maybe on your clothes in deep woods, but please don't waste your money on this stuff.
1,not as pictured in the description photo.  I've used this model before and was interested in the one pictured, which had a different texture on the handle.  Was sent the smooth style handle.  Also, the package is taped sloppily around it's center, holding the plastic covering and cardboard backing together.  Looks like it was returned and re-packaged.  It's pretty dirty inside the plastic, too.  I've seen amazon sending out more returned items lately and it's a bad practice and will not do anything for customer trust.
1,Worked about 3 weeks then stopped working.	10/6/2015 update changed to 1 star after contacting Acurite .....  the horrible item backed up by equally awful customer service.  WARRANTY is a joke,  customer service runs customer through hoops than wants the item sent back to them for testing at customer's expense.  Amazon.com needs to take action to remove this item/manufacturer from stock.
1,Whoever said "beggars can't be choosers" failed to tell this to the birds in my backyard. I have a 1/2 acre lot in Southern California. The water rationing has caused me to cut back drastically on watering the  shrubs and other plants and crops I rely on every year  to present food for my wild birds. Accordingly, I hung up numerous bird feeders. I'm on a limited fixed income. This bird seed was cheaper than even my local stores had it. The birds would only eat the sunflower seeds which are a tiny percentage of the product. At the tube feeder the birds pull out the rest of the mix to reach the  few sunflower seeds. Interestingly, in spite of the copious quantity of discarded product on the  ground, neither undiscriminating backyard nighttime omnivore, i.e. the 'possums and the raccoons, would even touch it.
1,Poor construction as reported before, volume control does not work. Biought 2 Retuned1
1,Not well designed for garden use.
1,Burned grass
1,Had only month got 6 leds out and fan making lots of noise.
1,Only two stars because it does not kill all grasses and probably won't buy Arrest MAX again because of that.  I had a test patch we tilled on newly cut-over pine plantation soil in south Mississippi, that we planted with clover and chicory, but before allowing the weeds and grasses to come up first and spraying with a broad spectrum week killer first.  There was some broad-leaf stuff that came up but the vast majority of unwanted plants were a variety of grasses, so I bought this product for the grass and wicked the broad leaf stuff by hand with Roundup ProMAX.  I added the Sure Fire seed oil surfactant to the Arrest MAX, mixing in a 3 gallon sprayer to the recommended ratio. The Arrest Max did kill a good percentage of the varieties of grasses on the plot after a couple of weeks, but what it did not kill rapidly took over entire areas of the food plot, to the degree that I ended up having to spray the whole test plot with Roundup ProMAX and will start over with a new seed bed this fall, having learned an expensive and time consuming lesson...after initial tillage to incorporate lime, wait two months and kill everything that sprouts on a new plot before final prep of the seed bed and planting.		As expensive as this stuff is, at $40 a pint, PRIME, I expected it to take out all of the grasses, since it was specifically designed for food plot management...it did not, at least for the noxious stuff that comes up after cutting timber in south Mississippi!
1,This is a terrible product. I have used it for a year now. It is flimsy, bends and flexes far too much when it is cranked or moved. I think it is made of flexible vinyl or polyethylene. This is the wrong type of plastic for this application unless it is very thick. The wheels fall off. It bounces when moved because the wheels are either out of round or hang up on the axle. I heavily greased the axel, but that had no effect. I usually give products a good review, but this thing is horrible!
1,I have 3 dogs. None of them were even remotely interested at even coming up to it.
1,I thought this would be an upgrade to the old pin and wire type but I was wrong. I couldn't get these to lock. I tried many times but every time I would put it down it would spring the Trap.
1,none of my poppy seeds germinated and grew to maturity
1,We bought this to prevent rabbits from coming into our yard and destroying our grass.  Unfortunately, the solar powered rotating head did not work for us.  When it arrived, one of the metal weights for the head had come loose and fallen from it's place on the head.  Since I didn't know where it fell off, I guessed where to place it back on the head so that it would sit evenly on the body of the owl.  After I got it located in my yard, I noticed that the solar powered battery below the head of the owl would click like it was trying to move the head, but the head did not move.  I gave it about a week in case it would fix itself, but no luck.  So we returned it and got the more simpler version where the head simply rotates when the wind blows.  That has worked well, although I think the rabbits are onto us, and we've still seen a few rabbits in our yard even though we are moving it from place to place.  Those sneaky rabbits!!!
1,DOES NOT WORK!	Orbit makes some good products, but this is not one of them.	The electronics are very buggy. Simpler is betta!
1,Did not fit my 20" Stihl Farm Boss chain saw and had already burned the packaging...it said it would fit on the package, but it is NOT the right size!!  Do yourself a favor and buy the authentic Stihl chain.
1,did not fit my clone king, and i don't like the spoke design
1,These are pretty junky.  When you first fill them up they are OK, but once the bad weather hits, or you need to adjust them around, look out.  They are punctured very easily.  I think it's accurate to say they are only slightly more durable than a pool float.  I definitely expect to get more than one season out of them, but so far it's a 50/50 proposition on each tube.  I recommend you look elsewhere for a thicker product that can stand up to the elements better, and be capable of holding up to a little re-positioning.
1,There was a 10 inch snow storm - used the machine on the drive way - had issue with pulley which broke.  Customer service very helpful.
1,Do not buy this gauge. It looks great, but is not even close to accurate! A waste of money, it was sent back for a refund.
1,I purchased this instead of a generic.  I figured the fit would be better (it is) and would be longer lasting.		To make a long story short, it is probably a better idea to buy 3 lower cost options than 1 of these.  The handles came right off.  1 is hanging by a string.  It is also now extremely brittle.  How can something that is premium, last so little?
1,Seems to be mostly chaff.  Nothing grew, and I couldn't see any seed.
1,This does get tangled up and is incredibly annoying.  Of course it is nice that the plastic and metal are "lead safe."  But would be nice if it were "lead free" and didn't tangle.  Really would like to send it back to the manufacturer.  Really disappointed.
1,Not much air coming out of this pump.  Disappointing.
1,As the old saying goes, "If it's too good to be true, it probably isn't".  This is a piece of junk!  It does not expand or retract very much and if you leave it out overnight, it leaves a rust trail on the concrete under the hose.  In tiny print on the back of the label it states that the hose must be drained after each use and then brought inside.  Who wants to do that?  Not me...  Don't buy it.  Waste of money.
1,Followed the instructions to the letter.  Been over a month and nothing.
1,I ordered and planted these summer of 2015. Solid germination rate, and the plants grew into small bushes right away. They were heavy yielders and were one of the first peppers to show this year. The peppers are small and red.. the only problem is they are not sweet cherry peppers! They are incredibly hot and not sweet, at all. They don't look like cherries or like the pictures shown. Instead, they look exactly like the early 90's large exterior christmas lights. And nearly the same size. The pictures show different shapes of peppers, but I did not have a single pepper that was round on any of my 4 plants. And again, they are not sweet! Great plant, but its not the one advertised.
1,Worked fine for several months and then the battery got swollen to the point of breaking the waterproof seal around the solar panel.  A replacement was sent but blinkup configuration won't work.  Support has stopped responding.  I never got a chance to hook up the water valve.
1,Too small in height
1,Product not as advertised:	  1) Did not come with black T-coupler to add additional line	  2) Only 10' had nozzles (5) of the entire length	  2) Pressure was inadequate at best	  3) Day 2, nothing out of any nozzle except for the end one that didn't work the previous day.		Very disappointed!
1,Selector switches broke within a week. Sad!
1,Used once changed tank and never got it to fire again. Save your money.
1,Yeah, this sucks. I attached it per directions and sprayed and nothing came out but water. I don't think water is going to keep any bugs away.		Not worth the hassle or the price tag. I'd rather spend double the price on aerosol cans. Spend your money on something else.
1,You don't get much for your money.  I have to agree with some of the reviews regarding this round up gel product. It doesn't cover much at all.  Within 15 minutes of dabbing it on a few oxalis plants it was already empty. I was really surprised considering the apparent size of the applicating container.  Overnight, the leaves that were actually dabbed by the product shriveled and turned brown,  but the plant itself "Kills the root" took about 10 days.
1,Dead on arrival...
1,As soon as it rained, the tree wrap became sodden and sagged so much it was useless. I had wrapped it as tightly as I could, but the attached photos show what it looked like after our first storm. I was using it on a very large tree so it might have worked better on a smaller trunk where it could be wrapped very tightly and there was less room for expansion when wet, but in my case the tree wrap was anything but "weatherproof with season-long protection."
1,After contacting company 3 times to replace defective upper cabinet, I finally put the smoker together. I purchased 2 rolls of high temp gasket material for the doors, seams between upper and lower cabinets and smoke stack to keep the smoke from pouring out. The burners can't be used together as one always goes out. You have to constantly watch the burner to make sure it stays lit so you are not going to blow up.
1,This line is good in that it doesn't twist up much while spooling it - it is very nice to work with.  I found problems using it, though, as it lasts about 1/4 as well as other lines.  It breaks off easily and I just didn't get much cutting from a spool of this compared with others.  I was using it on a HomeLite string trimmer and cutting some fairly heavy weeds and trimming around tree trunks, driveway, etc.  I wouldn't recommend it for anything but very light cutting.
1,useless. isn't dark enough to even see on the lawn. i used half a bottle to test and still you couldn't see where you sprayed.
1,This blower should have quite a few caveats on it's potential uses. Anything more than a few inches of dry snow and it 100% will not work. The gears stop spinning and it shuts off. The battery does not last long at all and the battery housing comes open every five minutes.  I wish there was a way to return this machine.  Buy gas electric is not worth the money
1,Very difficult set up. Entertained entire campground trying to figure this thing out for 2 solid hrs. Very colorful language did not help, nor did the set up video we played at least 10 times. 4 of us, all with doctorate degrees, realized it was packaged inside out, which made it impossible. Why oh why did I try to show off to my friends with this genius purchase???. Story ends well. Finally got the thing untwisted. Collapsed easily and hopefully next time will set up as expected. Who packed this thing???????
1,Too thin. tears easily. My hearty olive tree made it through the North Texas freeze, but mt not-so-hearty citrus tree did not, where all of the leaves and some of the branches browned and died.
1,No seeds germinated.  Attempted several different methods - wrapped in damp paper towel and placed in a plastic bag, some were planted in peat disks.  Nothing sprouted.
1,Not able to controll the amount of dust.  Too much to nothing.  I'll buy a pump model.
1,Thought it would be better than it is.  It looks cheap.  Disappointed.
1,Worked until it blew over. Plastic peices broke. Called company to replace parts. They have not called me back. Now my avocado trees are dead from no shade. Not stable. Tubes do not stay in plastic parts. Wobles not sturdy. I had to keep putting it back together every couple days. Try to anchor it pulls apart. Need to glue it together with pvc pipe cement. Not included.
1,I've tried following the instructions on the packet and no luck!  I saw this flower in St. Augustine, FL and it was just like the picture!  I'm extremely disappointed with the results.  I'll try a different seller.
1,It was said often bought with the fire pit we purchased it was way too small and we sent it back.
1,Can't complain for the price. Did not use it outdoors because the materials seem as it is not waterproof. The stick isn't that long either.
1,Broken already. Did not stand up to the weight of the peat pots when they were wet and being moved with one hand. Oh well... I needed to use two!
1,These sensors last for two years tops then they go haywire. I have had two of them and both failed. Also they are very very very  inaccurate in very low temperatures. They are off by up to 8 or 9 degrees if the temp drops below 10.	Going to use another kind next time
1,Very difficult to hang.  Sprayers are a hug challenge to adjust so they spray in the same direction.
1,junk
1,I bought this from Amazon to cover an E-320. At first, it fit perfect. But now, a year and a half later, the cover is basically ready for the trash. The material has become hard and brittle and covered in cracks. Worse, it seems to have actually shrunk, as it no longer fits over the grill without major manhandling. This cover appears to have no UV treatment applied to it; if your grill is in the sun much of the day, you'll be lucky to get 2 years out of it.
1,The plant arrived mostly dead. Please replace it.
1,It wasn't 10 minutes into a snow blowing job and the left handle snapped and broke.  After I duct taped the handle, the chute bolts came off.  I gave up. What a waste of time and money.		I can NOT recommend buying this product.
1,First this is not mini clover. It is regular standard sized white clover. It also has some red clover seed mixed in. That stuff is huge!	While I had no problems with germination,  I was not happy with the product being not what was advertised.	My advice is to get micro clover, and get it from a reputable company.
1,None germinated
1,I purchased (2) of these Weber 9815's to replace my Big Green Egg (BGE) Thermometer.  Both thermometers registered 212 exactly when tested with boiling water (boiling water = 212).		I have used one Weber 9815 on my BGE and the temperature exceeded the maximum of 550 degrees F.  The Thermometer's accuracy is now off by 35-40 degrees.  There is no adjustment nut for recalibration on the Weber 9815's so it's shot to #$%.  I am disappointed because I have used these same thermometers in my Medium Big Green Egg I owned 10-12 years ago and they never lost their accuracy at any temp.		BGE oven temperatures can quickly exceed 750 degrees F so I bit the bullet and ordered a Thermoworks thermometer that can handle high temperatures. BTW: Thermoworks is the same company that make the famous "Thermapen". [...]		Ordered: 1 Thermoworks Mini Handheld Thermocouple Meter and a Type K and a Plug Mounted MI Liquid/General Probe K (Range: -58 to 2012F) to go with it.
1,harder to use than the instructions say and various soil types throw off the watering reading
1,Junk.  It oscillated for ten minutes the first time I hooked it up and then quit.  Now it sprays but doesn't move at all.  I don't expect much from these - a season or two, but ten minutes is a new record.  Save your money.
1,I bought this to deal with the flying insects that keep coming inside our house. We have had an unusually bad problem with flying insects coming in the house this year so I chose this as a possible solution to the problem. It seems that neither the scent cartridge or the light is good enough to attract the insects because they seem to completely ignore this thing. Since I bought it I have zapped exactly 2 flying insects, the rest have been terminated by using the good old fashion fly swatter. I would guess that this thing would have better success outside where the insect population is so astonomical that it would be statistically impossible for this thing to not zap a lot of insects. I can say that I love the way it looks and its overall design.
1,Just turned my pool water blue, did not clear the water at all.
1,Is not a spray wand.  All I get is a solid stream of water.  Doesn't work.  Too late to send back by the time I tried to use this.
1,It does work, but I have found that it really affects the ability for my cleaner to stay on the bottom.  No matter how much I adjust the pump pressure it keeps floating up.  We do get waste in the bag, but it takes very little to stop my cleaner from, well cleaning.  I have since removed it and just let the debris go through to the pump filter.  Pool is much cleaner now and I don't have to worry about constantly fiddling with the cleaner anymore.
1,JUNK!
1,I don't notice any difference in my plats. This is a very expensive product, and with the feeding regimen that is normally used, this product is not needed, even for cloning.
1,I placed this item in my small pond while pond had no ice.  We had two weeks of temperatures in the mid to high teens and the unit appeared to be functioning as designed.  After a warming spell, most of the ice had thawed and I noticed the unit was submerged. I pulled it from the pond and the carcass was full of water.  I am surmising that the water tight seal was broken by ice pressure without causing any cracking to the plastic.  I have written seller to find out if the unit will be replaced under warranty.
1,Arrived on time packaged good.  However it was placed in birdbath in full sun and still only occasionally squirted water and only about two inches up.  Cheap!
1,received this plant half dead , tried to bring it back to life but it died any way . I know how to care for this plant as I have a 3foot black one . I would not recommend this company to anyone
1,Polaris rip-off alert.  These cases (G-54) crack after a year, but you can easily repair with $1 of epoxy from Harbor Freight.  Another failure of the gears inside the G-52 is they don't align properly as they age and the valve fails to open and close.  I just took a small diameter split washer about 1 mm thick, pulled it open, inserted between the gears out of alignment with some small needle nose pliers and squeezed the split washer closed.  Now works perfectly.  I saved you $40, you're welcome.  No thanks Polaris!
1,Its a fan. It looks like its a thermal heater to warm the item or igniter. This thing blows air onto your coals..pass I will huff and puff instead
1,Three out of four of these lights burned out within a week. One is still going.
1,I don't think the product is bad there is just better ways of getting rid of moles.  I was never successful in catching one with the trap.  You have to have massive strength the set the thing and the trap has to be in the correct tunnel and in complete darkness to catch one.
1,Not universal.  Did not fit a Troy Belt 200 power-propelled mower.  Too big.
1,Horrible! Leaks all over the place. Don't forget to put marbles or rocks so your chicks don't drown.
1,I ordered the 25 foot size.  At maximum  stretch this is 15.  It does not reach what I needed to reach so I'm still hauling water cans.		Update; just sprung a leak, which renders expandable hoses useless.  So....lifespan?  Few months.
1,no
1,The hummers don't like it. Maybe I'm mixing it wrong. I don't know.
1,I didn't care for. Not the correct foil I was looking for. Better luck next time.
1,ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE! ONLY LAST FOR THREE MONTHS!!!
1,Unless you want a $18 wall hanger, don't get this. This is made so cheap that it broke the first time it was used.		I bought a $8 walmart blade and can use it to cut up 2 inch trees, heck if I wanted to I could try to cut up rocks with it and it wouldnt break.		Dont get this if you really want to use it.
1,did nothing.....!
1,When I saw this item and read the 2 prior, more glowing reviews I was thrilled as we were looking for one of these.  Sadly, once it arrived it quickly became evident that this item was not built with quality or durability in mind.  Without even assembling the item you get the sense it's very cheaply made.  All the supplied hardware is plastic, and most all the places where 2 parts meet it's plastic meeting plastic (save the thin metal handles).  Brushes are big plastic "combs".  The catcher bag is thin tarp material and is very small- if you use this for leaf pickup unless your yard is 10x10 if you have even a couple of trees you will be emptying this every few steps.  When I unpacked it the bag already had unstitched or torn in the corners.  My sense is that after a few uses this thing will be useless-one crack in the plastic where there is stress under use and it will be at the curb with the rest of the trash.  Save the money-even for light duty, I would not recommend.  We sent ours back today.  First item I have ever sent back to Amazon.  Maybe one day I will find an old used one from the 70s at a garage sale-one that's made of metal and canvas with a LARGE catcher that will stand up to the task.  Gave it 2 stars instead of one since it may actually pick items up-though we never tried.	###################################################	UPDATE:  for the people slamming me in the comments for not actually using it before I reviewed it, claiming my review is pointless, I respectfully disagree.  No need for me to use it at all.  I don't need to use it to see that it's incredibly cheaply made and the bag is too small.  It's TOY GRADE.  Plastic is used where metal should be used.  It should have a nylon bristle brush.  The bag was unstitching out of the box.  Why must everything we buy be reduced to the lowest common denominator - cheap junk from overseas?		I just don't get why people think I should have put it together and used it.  Why waste the time?		If you bought it and had good luck with it, or if you like it, God bless.  As far as "what do I expect for the money", the answer is:	ONE HECK OF A LOT MORE THAN YARDWISE DELIVERS!		Shortly after this review posted I lucked across an old Craftsman push sweeper at a garage sale in WI.  $5 for a beefy 20 yr old one, all metal, HUGE heavy duty canvas bag, and a bristle brush that picks up everything.  You can use it on hard surfaces too.  This is the way things should be built.  Quality, made to last.		This remains to this day one of the biggest disappointment buys ever from Amazon.  Everyone has their right to their opinion so if your experience differs, that's great.  That's why we have reviews.  So people can read a variety of opinions and experiences before making purchase decisions.
1,Most germinated but were yellow and all developed black spot bacteria despite being planted in different containers and places around the garden. All other plants I had (20 varieties of peppers) did not get the black spot so I would assume that it might have been latent in the seeds. Regardless. the plant was a light producer with only 10 pods average per plant.
1,I've gone through several of these, and I think they are great, but they are expensive, and with the most recent price increase, I'll be trying something else.  The male adapter bits never last me more than a year before the tip snaps off at the "waist" while disconnecting.  I know I live in a dry climate and plastics dry out faster here, but for the price I expect much more.
1,This stuff smells horrible... and that is if you can even get it to spray correctly. I bought two cans of this stuff some time back when I found several of my cashmere sweaters to be moth eaten. I don't know how well it works, as even though I have sprayed it on the carpet and the walls of my closet, I continue to have a moth problem. One can simply would not spray at all. The second sprays only periodically and seems to get clogged rather easily. Holding the can at an angle seems to help with the spraying, but it still has a tendency to come out in white foamy globs. However, most noticeably is the horrendous smell from the spray. It does not smell of cedar in the least bit... it smells chemical and leaves a filmy taste in my mouth from smelling it while spraying. It can't be healthy. I have avoided spraying it on my clothing as much as possible because if it smells as badly as it does while spraying it, I can only imagine how it will make my clothes smell, regardless of whether it would stain them. I give it one star because I am unsure as to whether it works and the defective packaging in a spray canister that clearly doesn't work well for application. And, finally, because of the foul odor which smells NOTHING like cedar in any manner whatsoever.
1,This "natural" nectar contains Potassium Sorbate (Preservative) and FDA Red 40. Hummingbirds don't need artificial colors or preservatives (neither do humans). The manufacturers claim that this eliminates the mess of making your own hummingbird food ... this is just false, since boiling water and adding sugar to it is one of the simplest things you can possibly do. They also claim "it's also the most healthy choice for these colorful visitors. " I'd love to know what's healthy about artificial color and chemical preservatives.		Do not buy this junk food for hummingbirds. Show your love and appreciation for these wonderful little creatures by preparing their food yourself.
1,did not last 3 months.....ended up buying a canvass cover ....that one works great and last....this one was returned
1,not too fond of this stand.  You turn the screw to make it tight against the umbrella pole, however if a wind comes up and the pole moves a bit, the screw bends to the side and does not hold the pole anymore.
1,I want to give a really long review explaining exactly why this base is terrible; only I cannot pinpoint any particular reasons when I just hate the product as a whole. Take this review for what it is worth because I cannot identify anything specifically wrong with the base, only that it seems poorly made and unstable.
1,There is a note saying to check that the washer is present and that the hose is screwed on all the way but it doesn't make any difference, the water sprays out all over the side of the house, I should have spent a little more and gotten a better quality hose.
1,I returned it.  The igniter didn't work.  Oddly enough, there were QC stickers on the fuel hose and over one of the engine screws.  Apparently they didn't bother testing it at the factory.  Very disappointing for an item this expensive.		I would've given this 3 stars, except that you have to assemble this item yourself.  The assembly is fairly simple, but seeing how the finished item is the same size as the box, why would you put the consumer through the trouble?  They could've easily reduced assembly by pre-assembling the cart at the factory.  This is a $400+ item.  You don't make the consumer assemble something like this.  Not when other small engine-powered items cost less than this and require less assembly.
1,NO INSTRUCTIONS
1,Horrible, we did everything the instructions said to do, hung it away from the house, we heard little or no zapping of bugs at all, by hanging	it outside for the purpose of helping get  rid of mosquitoes, our main problem, I think the mosquitoes read the lantern as come and get it, free meal	by that I mean we were the meal, unbelievable,I went outside after dinner(i was the tester)and I saw a couple on me, but I must have not noticed	more of them, there so fast, I was a mess,of welts, the inching was so intense, I had to take a shower, I finally got some relief, unbelievable so this product sucks, maybe it worked for someone else, not me.
1,too stiff to form into baskets.  I'm sure it will work for something else, but for now, I will put it away until I come up with something brilliant.
1,Material isn't strong enough for the sticky used.  Ripped every other one in half trying to open them so far.  3 of 6 have torn before getting more then half way open.
1,These hoses began to dissolve after two uses.  The fuel hose lost its elasticity at both ends, coming off the carburetor and the fuel filter fell off the end of the hose.  The overflow (yellow/greenish) hose came off both the inside and outside of the grommet.  The breather hose has shriveled in the middle where it goes into the grommet.		Is there a "zero" star rating?  This is the most negative review I've ever given a product from Amazon since it was a total waste of money.  I bought two, used one, and will use the other one... to match up locally at a small engine shop to get some quality.		Do not blame the fuel!  The fuel was regular car/truck/motorcycle fuel, which is up to 10 percent ETHANNOL.  I have three Echo engines, and the original fuel hoses have lasted about 7 years using the same exact fuel, and the oldest engine (on the trimmer) had only just started to show deterioration, which is why I changed the hoses.		TOTAL WASTE OF YOUR MONEY - AVOID THIS PRODUCT
1,it worked well for a couple of weeks and it's really cool how it shrinks and expands, but now it has about 3 or 4 holes in it that spray water out of them. I've tried to take pretty good care of it, but it's already leaking and I've only been using it for what i think has just been a short time. I wouldn't buy it again.
1,The pictures look like a much heavier made product.  I was really surprised when it arrived hiwcthin the metal is.
1,I owned one of these for a couple of years and was very impressed with the power it had to retract a 100 foot hose. I was quite satisfied until the actuating lever broke. This seemed unlike Suncast.  After all these years they still have not amended their design to improve durability. I would love to buy another one but I won't until they pride a more robust unit.
1,waste of my money
1,I wasn't going write a review, buy they have sent me over 3 Emails in a row asking me to leave them a review for this product that I returned instantly upon receiving and opening. First of all, it's a silicone grilling mat made in China. Secondly, it say that it is safe up unail 450 degrees. Umm, my grill uses FIRE. FIRE getsuch much hotter than 450 degrees at times. So would I recommend this for a grill? Negative. For the oven instead....that's a personal choice for each person.
1,did not fit as promised. ordered this to replace one that had broken. did not match up like the old one.
1,very heavy and strong. some times have problem with power switch.
1,To germinate these seeds you need to pre soak them. If they are still floating after soaking for 24 hours they are non viable. All of my seeds floated.
1,The product works but it is just flimsy expanded metal and bends easily. I paid $36.00 including the handling. This is just a rip-off that should have come with the hopper. Go to a hardware and make your own now that it costs a lot more now only 30 days after buying it.
1,Sucks
1,over a course of two weeks I used the entire bottle and did not see one bit of improvement.
1,Disappointing product. I do have few tree mats which are heavy duty and very solid. This one is VERY light weight. I used large stones on tope of it to settle it down.  It is not made form any "rubberish" material and I think it will not withstand Michigan weather for long.
1,So far nothing has grown, very disappointing.
1,I don't think I will buy more of these. I got two and they've been in my pool for a week or so. I don't notice any differences. I guess I don't have a baseline to know if they work or not. Shame on me?		Edit: I tried to put the second one in, cut on the line and squeezed. The fish burst and sprayed slime and some kind of burning liquid (alcohol?) all over my front and in my face/eyes/mouth. F- DO NOT RECOMMEND.
1,i have a small pool with a white pentair light.  it's too bright and i wanted a nice soft blue.  after much searching i found this product.  it arrived yesterday and i snapped in place.  pretty easy.  at night, turned on light and the white light just shines right thru.  you get a bit of a mottled blue but looks like the blue dye just isn't dark enough or something.  if your looking to turn your light blue or another color, this will not do it, period.  i just can't seem to find anything.  you'd think it would be pretty simple and with this having pentair's name on it, i'm amazed how poor it is.  does someone check these things?  apparently not.  DO NOT BUY
1,Worst buy ever! I purchased two chairs, two loves eats, and the coffee table for our patio. I put together one loveseat and chair and placed outside. They got very hot, and the plastic gets soft. First day out, the chair got a dent in the seat(due to the softness and it was only 80 degrees out!) and the back of the loveseat feels like it might give out. I ended up moving them to the front of the house where it is shaded and they are now sitting against a wall for added support. We cannot open the lids for the storage due to the seats being malformed or warped after sitting in the sun. These products are overpriced, for the quality. I have given the other loveseat, chair and coffee table to my son who has an enclosed patio, but they still feel cheap, and the back of the loveseat is still not supportive and must be sat against the wall. Family and friends have also commented on the slope of the seat, you have to slide yourself up to the edge of the seat to be able to get up. Not comfortable, and definitely not worth the cost.
1,Did not do a great job measuring propane level.
1,The seeds did not sprout at all! It says grows in 5 weeks. Now, it is too late to get my money back.
1,my e-310 is 3 years old and gauge used to work but now sticks up or down wherever you push it.  i called weber and support person really couldn't have cared less or helped less than she did. she says it either works or it doesn't -- gems of wisdom.  i asked can it be lubed so spring will work - she said maybe. weber grills in general are a rip-off and not any better quality than other chinese made crap. their covers last less than a year before cracking up into pieces  -  buy generic covers they are cheaper and last longer.  don't be fooled by the hype.
1,I previously bought several different feeders... some fancy glass, others with tops, etc.  NONE of those kept hummingbirds in my yard.  Tried THIS FEEDER many years ago... and HUMMINGBIRDS LOVE IT!  Have year-round in Southern California and the small size allows me to put 3 out at different places.  Easy clean which I do once a week.		That said, ONE out of TWO that I ordered from THIS SELLER WAS DEFECTIVE!  The glass jar is STUCK IN THE TOP so, even without cleaning problem, it will not screw tight.  This seller ships without box, just wrapped in bubble wrap, so the defect would easily have been seen if they looked.  The three I received from other seller (shipped in it's original box) are fine, so would recommend them instead.		P.S.  A very easy way to clean scum, etc. from bottle is to put a small amount of LEMI-SHINE granules (avail at grocery stores) at bottom, then fill with hot water and shake, let stand for minute or so, then brush LIGHTLY with bottle brush.  INSTANT CLEAN which removes all scratchy, calcium, etc. deposits easily. NOTE:  BE SURE TO fill bottle with clear water several times and RINSE WELL after treatment to ensure all cleaning material gone.
1,The idea behind this device is that it will tell you how much gas is left in your bottle.  The problem with it is that it does not tell you anything that is useful.  If you look at the product picture you will see there are three colors, Green, Yellow and Red.  Green represent Good, Yellow = Low and  Red=Refill.  If you notice, Green covers 3/4 of the gauge area.  When I got this device, I screwed it on a brand new bottle I had just exchanged out for.  The needle on the gauge moved passed the yellow area just inside the green area.  So a brand new tank was showing to be just above the low mark.  Thinking that maybe I had gotten a bad bottle (it happens with exchanges), I took an emptied bottle to a fill up station and had it filled and watched it be filled to maximum capacity.  When I put this gauge on the new bottle I watched filled with my own eyes, it once again moved just a little ways past the yellow area, maybe an 8th of an inch into the green area.		The bottom line is that this device really does not give you any better understanding of how much gas is left in a bottle then just picking it up and shaking it.  It is still just a guessing game.
1,At first, I thought this hose was fantastic. It worked flawlessly. Today, I go out and hook it up and notice that the divider plastic piece, which directs the water into two separate sections of the hose, had broken. As of this time, it's is useless, and it's sad....I really did like the hose!
1,Arrived with a small hole in bag & worm castings were all over the box
1,I RECEIVED ONLY GREEN STAKES AND I can't see then in the garden among the plants. I generally mark the plants I'd like to move.	They are pretty useless to me.
1,don't work
