0,My dogs love these as treats and they are not bad for them.
0,My 2.2 pound Pom-Chi is teething and this is perfect.  He hauls this all over the house and outside.  I would buy it again but it looks like this one is going to last a life time.
0,This little house is SO CUTE! It is bigger than expected but this is good as my 3 male rats like to stretch out as they sleep (they all fit inside just fine). This is perfect. I would not recommend this for anything bigger than a rat tho because the door in is fairly small. The picture I attached is next to my adult cat for scale. UPDATE: They do chew on it and have actually pulled a lot of the foam out of the walls, they still use it and it is still adorable just keep in mind that it is definitely not chew proof
0,Zenblue / sun sun-  good value for the money.
0,Works great. We purchased it for a trip to the beach. Button got jammed with a little sand.... quick wash under the sink and it was back up and running.
0,This is a great product. I use it with my bike attachment to run my dog. Without this item it would have been impossible to have her run comfortably on the lease thank you again I definitely recommend.
0,Great fir my daughters room, she loves the different lights
0,Well, actually, *I* don't love it, the dog does : )	For some strange reason, known only to her, my dog has gone from being the least picky dog on earth to being very picky about her food.	I was really curious how she would react to this food, since it contains avocados and other reviews have stated their dogs didn't like it.	In fact if you had bet me a dollar that my dog wouldn't like it, I would have taken you up on that bet .... and lost.		She was crazy about it. Once that food hit her bowl, she was right there in it, and would not budge an inch until it was all gone!		So the Ginger rating for this food is 5 stars	Since she had no digestive issues from the food and the nutrition is sound for a senior dog, my rating is 5 stars.		Recommended
0,Love em
0,Based on our dogs reaction, these earn 5-stars - they LOVE these! I love that these are a healthy and made in the USA, and that I actually know what is in them.  They aren't fake sugar, salt, wheat and meat scraps like a lot of other treats.		These are hard bully sticks chews.  One of our dogs is a chewer and she is the one who loves these, the other dog isn't a huge chewer and he takes a lot longer to finish one of these.  So if for whatever reason your dog isn't big on chewing things that are hard then these might not be your dogs favorite dental chews - but ours definitely like them.		I was happily surprised that these were nearly all 7'' long where as the description says they are 6''.  My dog is 23 lbs and so I cut these in half for her.		_____________________	Made by: BestBullySticks	Made in: USA	Size: 6-inch Bully Sticks (1 Pound)	ASIN: B01DIG7HQM	Item model number: 002-0001-6014	Provided for review by: Best Bully Sticks	Shipped by: Amazon LLC
0,Great leash. A little stiff but softens up quickly with use. Love the zero shock flexibility! All products purchased from EzyDog have been high quality and as advertised as well as great customer service. They truly care if you like their products.
0,My dog loves these!! I love that they're all natural and one will last at least a week or so before I microwave it to make a "cheese puff" treat for Pearl. She has a routine which is to chew on this "cheese" in the morning after waking up and she winds down with it at night, just before bed time. It will also keep her occupied long enough for me to get a little something done around the house. These "Yak Chews" are typically all the same, made with Yak or Goat milk, lime juice, and salt. My shopping is usually geared toward "value" as you'll find them in all price ranges.		Note: I've seen complaints that once the piece is really small, people have to throw it away which seems wasteful. You don't have to throw it away. Pop it in the microwave for 30-40 seconds; it will puff up. Let it cool and, depending on the size of your dog, give to him/her whole or break it. I have to use a hammer to break it into smaller pieces. My dog gets super excited WHENEVER I head to the microwave because she's convinced she's getting a cheese puff.
0,great buy
0,Great chews, excellent price when I purchased this 12-pack.  Each stick lasts a long time.  There is a smell but it's not too bad.  I liked the description I read of this product and it did not disappoint.  Dog enjoys it a lot!
0,Really helps the dogs digestive system when they are either on medication, or have gotten into something outside and eaten it when it wasn't good for them.
0,I have a 100+ lb Great Dane mix who is getting older and while he can still jump up and down on my bed, I'm afraid that is just an injury waiting to happen, so I wanted to get him used to using stairs instead. I had previously purchased a set of folding styrofoam stairs that were very sturdy but found that, while he would go up them with no problem, he was very uncomfortable going down them because they were too narrow and not deep enough and it was clear he felt unstable. After that, I searched MANY other types and brands of stairs and encountered the same issues over and over -- stairs were not wide enough or tall enough (or both), individual steps were not deep enough or didn't have enough traction, and so on.		When I finally saw these, I was hopeful. They appeared wide, deep, and were carpeted for traction. After reading all the great reviews, I crossed my fingers and bought them. Blessedly, I was not disappointed. They are sturdy, stable, come assembled, don't take up a great deal of space, are unobtrusive, and look great in my room. Best of all, my dog was going up them consistently within a couple of days (he is only about 50/50 going down them without my specific direction, but going down any type of stairs can be an issue with bigger dogs...they can build up too much momentum which can be scary!) I am confident he will get his down-going bearings soon and that we will be using these stairs for years to come.		As they are, these steps are perfect. My one wish is that The Pet Studio would offer a 4-step set. Given the height of my bed, which at 28 inches is not that tall, the distance between the bed and the top step is bigger than I'd like it to be, especially when my dog is stepping down from the bed Since the rise of these stairs is great (at 6-1/2 inches), I wouldn't want to see that increased, so adding a 4-step set to the products available would be the ideal solution.
0,This is by far the absolute best nail clipper I've ever had. I love the fact it has a stop so as not to cut the quick and boy are they sharp!!
0,I have to give my dog his medicine in capsule every day. He is picky. I tried different ways (roast beef, cheese, ham... you name it). He ate the meat and spit the pill. I got this pill masker as a gift from a vendor. So I thought I would give it a try. It is like a play-doh. You can use a small chunk to cover the pill. My dog was not able to separate the pill from it and I assume the taste is good. So far he takes his pill without problems. I'm very happy about the outcome. I gave 4 stars instead of 5 is for the price. It is a bit high for the amount in the jar.
0,I liked the design, build quality etc (made in usa). My pup played with it for about 5 mins and that's it, did not even try to get the treats in there lol. So just did not work in my case.  May be I will reintroduced after a few weeks and see.
0,My daughter wanted to set these up for our little rodent.  The bag included all of the attachments, and we worked for a while clicking them all together to create a cute little stomping ground.  The parts are quite small (a little bit smaller than I imagined, however I did NOT read the specs, so this is entirely my own fault).  Despite the size, they work just fine for us.  If you are doing this as an activity with a child, please be sure said child has more patience than the average, it may take some fine motor skills to figure out the cubes at first (once you get the hang of it it's no big deal).  The entire set created a little house/cubby, and with two sets you could probably add some additional tunnels for extra fun.		The Kaytee brand has worked nicely for us. :)
0,cat loves these treats
0,We have bulldogs and saw many other bulldogs on social media wearing this brand. We decided to give them a try and could not be happier, the harness is well made and supportive and looks really cool too.
0,It works, is durable, was the right price,and has lasted along time. Not too much more to say about it.
0,I purchased the medium size and the measurements are accurate. This is a subtle addition to any aquarium and the fish love to swim in and out of all the nooks and crannies.  I used this as a center piece for my 20 gallon tank. I could have gone up to the larger size but, I have other plants and features that I wanted to add as well so the medium was a great size. There is also a slight highlighted effect when using a blue light LED and looks great with lights off as well. Over all this is a great addition and price is way better than I've seen at any of the major pet stores.
0,pup likes it.
0,I have ordered these treats many times for my puppy.. SHe just loves them. I like the variety pack of 3 flavors. With Blue Buffalo, you always know you are getting good quality food.
0,The dog loves it. Then again, puggles love all kinds of food.
0,I LIKE IT. MY DOG LOVES IT.ITS A WONDERFUL TOOL.
0,Great price large container
0,great for small animals
0,They love them!
0,Has lasted our one cat almost a year!  I thought it was a crazy lot of money to pay for a cat scratcher...but this thing is super solid.  Very dense heavy compacted cardboard, cat can get a good stretch and scratch and even plays in the middle holes.  Didn't even have to use catnip on it, cat just loved it from the start.  Uses it multiple times a day.  After almost a year it is now getting to the point of needing a replacement, we are starting to find more little bits of cardboard scratched off scattered around the floor.  We will definitely get a replacement by this same brand.
0,good
0,Cat loves these! she'll do anything for her kittles!
0,We have a golden retriever who is a big chewer, destroys stuffed animal toys in seconds.  I didn't really have high expectations but surprisingly this has lasted more than a few weeks!  He still loves chewing on it but I think its big enough he has a hard time getting his mouth around it.  It's also flexible enough that when he does try to chew it he doesn't get a good grip to pull pieces off
0,I adopted my mix puppy from a shelter and they determined that she was a hound/bull dog mix. 50 lb as an adult guess for her future weight. Since she grew from 12lb to 30 lbs in 2 months, for curiosity, I decided to have her DNA tested. As it turned out, she is a Bull Mastiff Mix with staffordshire terrier (aka: Pit Bull), Plott Hound, french bull dog, chinook, shitzu and silky terrier. This could explain why she is growing quickly but also she is somewhat smaller than Mastiff's her current age (now 5 months) . After researching those breeds on the interent and learning about training, skill and mannerisms, I can now understand her better. I highly recommend this test.
0,My bearded dragon love it...I do too. Easy to rehidrate...lizard doesn't have to chase the crickets...don't have to feed them or worry about them getting out!!
0,A stray cat had kittens in our yard.  By the time we caught her 3 months later, she had another litter.  So now we have 12 cats.  (All are fixed!  And have pet insurance!)  When you have 12 cats, there are all sorts of things you have too much of - litter (and what's in the litter), hairballs, various vomit piles...  One of the nicest things about premium cat foods is that, though pricey, there's less of what goes in the litter.  And anything that controls hairballs is wonderful!!!  And while gobbling any food too fast is going to create a pile of little chunks no matter what the brand, a good quality food has a better chance of staying down when it's not gobbled too fast.		So the cats seem to like the taste.  For me, I like that there are no artificial colors (dyes tend to stain the carpet more) and that chicken & turkey are the first two ingredients.  I like that the bag has a velcro zipper to keep it closed- no searching for clothespins!  I like that the size and shape of the food is pictured on the back - some of the kitties don't like tiny chunks.		We have tried Hills Science Diet a few times, and most of the cats were not impressed.  We tried a couple of the Hills Ideal Balance flavors, and the kitties have liked it.		I confess - I don't feed the kitties any one food - there was a huge recall several years ago, and many of the brands we bought were pulled from the shelves.  Cats don't take well to switching their food too quickly.  We always mix a few different brands and flavors together so that if something is recalled or discontinued, we don't have to clean up as many messes while feline gastrointestinal tracts are getting used to the new food.		I can see us using Hills Ideal Balance as one of the types we get on a regular basis.  It seems to be good quality and the kitties like it.
0,My Goldens love bully sticks.  I am leery of getting a bully stick from just any manufacture and have always had great products from Redbarn.
0,The first few times I brush a cat's teeth, they fight it.... then they decide they LIKE IT and I have to hide my own toothbrush(es), or they climb up on the bathroom counter and gnaw at them trying to brush their own teeth.  I've even had a cat follow me into the bathroom, stand on the counter and head-bonk my elbow while I'm trying to brush my teeth because they want me to brush theirs.		I don't know what it is about this toothpaste, but they love the stuff, and having their teeth and gums rubbed with the little brush seems to bliss them out.  The only negative is that the rubber finger-tip brush is a useless waste of materials... they don't like it and it falls off my finger when I try to use it anyway.		Want to add a new means of making your cats happy to your arsenal?  Brush their teeth with this stuff... they'll fight you the first couple of times, then they'll come running for you to do it more.... showing their silly side in the process.
0,I received this bag of dog food as a promotion. My dogs use a different variety but when they were puppies my Breeder fed the Mum and puppies this. Quality is great for a food you buy almost anywhere and the added vegetables make it a good value. I'm donating this to a local Organization that offers a monthly food/help Bank to those in need. They offer a "pet" section for those that need help for their pets too and this is a great uality food. Just wishing my dogs were able to eat it!!
0,Arrived undamaged and covers the back of my 10 gallon. I even had enough left to cover the back of my 4 gallon.
0,My dog likes it
0,My cat loves it.  She has done much better with urinary tract infections.  She actually finds me when it's time for her treat.
0,My puppy received these biscuits as a Christmas present from his Mom.  I don't normally purchase my dog food or treats online, but I will buy these again.  Both my puppy and mature dog, LOVE these biscuits, and I am confident that they are made of the finest ingredients.  I had some in my pocket while I was in the barn, and my horse started nuzzling my pocket, so I gave him one, and he loved them too!  All natural ingredients make this an appealing treat for horses and dogs alike.  Thanks, puppy-mama, for turning us on to Wellness Wellbars!
0,Our yellow lab won't leave the house without one of these in her mouth. Turns out the squeak is what was always missing from regular tennis balls. Bonus: they float (as long as you squeeze the water out occasionally). Fun colors, too.
0,This stuff works. I had used Frontline and it just didn't work anymore so I changed up and this stuff works. Thank God!
0,My pup abolutely loves these bones! I always buy the flavored kind because she likes those the best! Having plenty of nylabones in the house is a must so the puppy won't chew on the furniture! She will chew these bones for hours and does not get sick from them like she does rawhydes.
0,My puppies Loves these nuggets. I break one or two of them up over their hard food and they eat it all. Now they won't eat their hard food without them. They would rather have these nuggets. I buy the chicken one which is their favorite and beef. But I thought I would try the pork but they prefer the chicken and beef so I won't buy the pork again. I just wish it wasn't SO expensive.
0,Nice tags. Just as pictured.  great price for 2 personally engraved tags
0,Bought 2 of these beds and my dogs love them. One has sever hip dysplasia and our other is getting older with arthritis. Both of their beds have kept their form as well as made it easier for both dogs to rest and get up from. Awesome beds! I plan on ordering 2 more for our other dogs.
0,Great product for my dog.  I like the organic ingredients, no allergy issues and she really likes the taste.  I also have used the Weight Management one which really does keep your dog trim!
0,We love it! Takes a little while to break in but is heavy duty, looks sharp, I love the padding for my dog who pulls a little, and it looks like it's going to last for years so come. Love!
0,My dogs seem to love these. Their breath is also not at stinky after chewing. I break this one inhaled and Give to my 5lb chihuahua. So far her stinky breath is better.
0,Our cat is 6 months old and she loves this toy.  It helps wear her out.  My only complaint is I wish there was a timer.  Overall, great value and recommend it to others looking for a fun interactive toy.
0,It kept my snake from escaping anymore,so I love it!
0,Works so well I bought 2 more! Just wish they were a little bigger!
0,never had a problem with Frontline. Does not bother my dog's skin. Ticks are not on him and he hasn't ever had an issue.
0,The best bed/crate pad I've ever purchased. (It's also the least expensive.) My pit sleeps in a crate and inevitably he's destroyed the two other crate pads/beds I've purchased. This particular pad/bed has held up very well, is easy to wash, is comfortable (well...it looks comfortable), and it fits perfectly inside his crate. He's happy. I'm happy. Everybody's happy!!
0,As promised!
0,so pleased with this new carrier. The one I got a few months ago is like a crate and difficult to carry. This one has wheels and a nice telescoping handle like luggage, so easy to wheel around. What sold me on it (wasn't sure it would be big enough) was the person who reviewed it and said it fit her West Highland Terrier. That's about my cat Nikko-Nikko's size. Very very pleased with this. I wouldn't use this for a long trip of many hours, but a couple of hours yes, and a quick trip to the vet etc.		Most of all, however, should there be a fire in my apartment building this makes getting two large cats out easily. I'm ordering a second one for sure. That way in an emergency I can wheel one out while carrying the other one like a backpack.
0,Iris, my Australian Cattle Dog, who is also my service dog, loves it. :)	She loves all food really...	I was feeling too lazy to make her raw food after her month of kibble, so I decided to do canned foods.	I bought many kinds, flavors, etc. She loves them all!
0,Great bed for the price. I have it on the living room floor where I had thought of putting a cushion for humans. This was better solution. My dog is happy to sleep there while guests converse.
0,Arrived in good condition and my cats love it!
0,BUZZED THE DOG WITH EASE
0,I like it a lot better than the cone from the vet's however, "large".....it barely fits around the neck of my Am. Bulldog. A size larger would have been better. It would be nice if they gave a NECK size, instead of just "neck to snout." I can only leave it on him a short period of time (when I have to be out of the room) because it's snug around the neck.
0,Very nice harness however it is too big for my chihuahua. It is also heavier than expected. I'm returning it.
0,Greenies chicken are a great treat for your cat.
0,Tried Hartz, Martha Stewart and other brands. These are the sturdiest and most absorbent. My old dog's health issues require these and I buy them by the 150 box!
0,The cats love the gravy lovers so I love the gravy lovers. Also, we only get poultry flavor because the beef gave them diarrhea one time.
0,The plants look very lifelike and flow very well with the water. My Betta likes to hide in them. The only downfall is you do have to make sure the base is covered with your substrate or the bright stripes will show through, but other than that they are great.
0,My dog has been eating wellness for 11 yrs. His coat looks great, he is healthy, never had a skin problem except when I decided to use a cheaper brand - that brand lasted  just 5 weeks in our household before our dog was back on wellness.
0,Really hides odor and iseasy to clean. Love this litter!
0,Does what it should and does not affect the airflow of my Hydrofarm 3watt at all! For anyone confused the arrow on the side of the product is the direction your air should be going, so put the air tube connected to your air pump on the black side.
0,Best dog food for Labs and Golden Retrievers.  They love it and its good for them.
0,I bought this for my prairie dogs because I have been unable to find a lease that is small enough for their tiny necks and big fat bodies. This is perfect because it fits under their arms and secures at the top of the back. I will say that my prairie dogs have been able to wiggle out of it but they can pretty much wiggle out of anything. It did take them longer to wiggle out of this than it did a stupid ferret leash which was worthless for prairie dogs.
0,Mr. Picky with the sensitive tummy eats this with no problems.  Mr. Rashy no longer has rash.  We get cases of all flavors to give a little variety.  Well worth the $$$!
0,cat LOVES it.
0,Just as pictured/described.  Good sturdy 2c scoop with clear markings.
0,When my old cat is having one of those weeks where he refuses to eat anything, i break out the secret weapon - Tiki Cat.		My little guy with CRF often has appetite issues, and these save the day!
0,I alternate this oil with the Grizzly salmon oil. These make a nice supplement that can help against allergies and dry, dull coats. This 16 oz bottle lasts me about a month and a half using once a day with three dogs (small, medium & large.)  The fishy smell is mostly contained unless you get the bottom of the bottle and the pump isn't working as well. Then I usually put it into a container, where I can smell it more, but it's fish oil, so what do you expect it to smell like? Overall, a good product and easy to use.
0,Worked before, hopefully again with our new dog.
0,As advertised. My rats love it!
0,Nice size and nice and sturdy for my large dogs. Great price compared to others. Very happy with this product
0,So cute, surprised my 4 month old Lionhead thats 1.1lbs all floof fit in it! Did get the size small, should of got a M. She did fit, but no extra wiggle binky space.
0,Very handy fr keeping food preserved, I bought 2 so I always have one handy, I like the whole concept and so does simsone my cat
0,I have 6 foster kittens right now, and this is their favorite thing! It looks great, and I love that it comes in so many accent colors to compliment decor. The hanging ball has even held up well so far, and makes a rattling noise that they love. I have another collapsible tube that they also have fun with, but it's a tube with 2 access points, so they tend to roll it over their food dish. This one doesn't really "roll" so much, so it solved that problem. Highly recommended!
0,I love blue buffalo! It has been great with my dogs. My cockapoo use to have issues with his skin getting too dry and scabbing, since putting him on blue I have had no problems and his coat is beautiful
0,My cat says "yum" plus good healthy ingredients. Will buy again.
0,Both my dogs love this new food. They much prefer it over the old Nutro that they've been eating for years.
0,This toy is really easy on your dog's mouth and won't create sharp edges which inevitably leads to bloody gums like other flying toys.  It is made of a soft rubber and flies considerably well even with the increased weight.  Throwing it properly takes a little bit of getting used to, especially if you are familiar with standard frisbee toys.  I replaced a high end plastic frisbee toy with this one and was disappointed at first because I couldn't get it hang in the air like I could with the plastic toy.  After a few days I've compensated and much prefer this toy because it is much safer, has "soft" catches, and you never have to worry about your dog cutting himself on it.
0,crickets eat it up great gut load for the chameleon
0,Our girl *loves* this Frisbee! She can demolish any toy in minutes flat, and this one has done really well for us. Of course, we just use it for catch and not let her sit and chew on it for hours. But I highly recommend this brand of Frisbee.
0,I love this leash.  The round rope is so much easier to hold than a flat strap leash.  It makes walking my dogs more comfortable, and I feel like I have more control of them while we walk.  I will never buy a flat strap leash again!!
0,Use this for the puppies and the baby. It's a bit expensive but I found the way this is constructed really works.
0,I use the medium-sized harness for my Australian Shepherd/Border Collie puppy and it fits very well. I attached the harness to the seat belt, which might give too much freedom for some people's taste. My dog is very hyper and does not like sitting in the back, so he usually fights for a little while first. He's made it to the other side of the car and to the floor in front of the seat. So far he's never been hurt or even seriously tangled, so I am still pretty satisfied. Once he settles down, I actually appreciate that he has the freedom to lay down and get comfortable.
0,Great doggie shampoo.  Lathers nicely and smells good.
0,Cute toy. Quite large and really soft
0,We have tried so many dog beds and our 3yr old Keeshond would chew or attack and conquer every one we bought. This bed was suggested by our dogs breeder, and our Timber loves it! I love it! I actually lay on it with him and watch TV (I wish I ordered the largest size for this reason! lol). I ordered the XL because our 45 lb Timber likes to sprawl out when he rests, and I wanted it big enough for him to do that and not try to toss it around the room. The well-made cover fits snug over a thick and firm foam and the cover is easily removed for laundering (I did purchase the plastic cover as added protection). Timber enjoyed watching it expand from its packaging, within seconds it was a full mattress! Great things to say about this bed... no regrets!
0,One of two outfits purchased from this company.  This was for a mini schnauzer mix and I am not sure about it.  I ordered this according to her measurements and went up one size, basically because she hates clothes and I wanted it a little loose to dispel her nervousness.  But it was really snug--and this was one size up.  I don't know how they got the dog in the picture to sit up enough so that the detail on the front is visible.  On my dog I could barely make out the gray striped portion of the top because of the fit.  The cape is separate from the hat and, again, I was hoping for more of a flow from it so I wanted it to be a little big.  But when she is seated it is a great deal shorter than pictured.  Still, this is a nice costume but the company really needs to address the sizing issues.  I should have ordered two sizes up from the measurements.
0,Cat jumped on it as soon as I took it out of the box, but hasn't gone near it since. I'm baffled. I've put various cat nips on it, stll no sale?	Solid product, maybe a slightly tighter weave that the store bought scratchers. I'll keep trying.
0,Good. Slightly slipping over the floor.
0,Work well
0,Christmas present for a dog whose owner wanted a designer purse from her husband.  What started out to be a gag type of gift ended up being a much loved toy for the dog, and I think the dog owner enjoyed it too  :)
0,I have a cat with suspected stomatitis. I bought this and L-lysine and the redness in his gums is almost gone! When I got the product, I was surprised at how small it was, but the amount they need is very little. Out of 5 cats, all of them eat their food with it just fine.
0,my cat has suffered for over a year--vet finally wanted over 1000 dollars to see her again....recently switched her food to this and shes nearly healed and loves it!!!!--no beef or chicken or at least noticeably by her reaction--grateful for this....UPDATE TWO MONTHS--ONLY 1 SMALL WOUND LEFT WAS 3+ INCHES NOW ONLY A FEW MMM--THIS IS ABSOLUTELY AMAZING--SHES PLAYING /HAPPY/PURRING----ALLL AFTER SWITCHING TO TJIS AND SHES OVER 9 YRS OLD!! HAPPY HERE--STILL
0,My cat loves it.
0,Did an overnight road trip for a move & this was perfect for him. Not too big for the car trip, but not too tight either and still fit a hide inside.
0,I read most of the reviews and thought this was the greatest snuggly bed to protect my older 6 & 11 lb blind poodles from drafts. They like to sleep together but no way could I spark an interest in either one. It was too hard for SUGAR the larger dog to get in as she has a bad back, let alone crawl to the back. SPICE the flamboyant one wasn't even interested. The bed was of very good quality and I thought it would be a good fit..However too unstable when trying to get in. Thought for sure  CHARMIN' the cat would like it. No way! She wasn't even the least bit curious. I will stick to the more conventional beds which offer no additional challenges.	 I am however giving 4 stars because of the innovative style and quality.
0,All of my cats love this toy and it's such a simple toy. I've had to buy three of them now because my cats keep tearing off a little cardboard ends but it's worth it for the hours of entertainment they get out of it.
0,I needed a little extra flow in the corner of my 29 gallon tank which is heavily planted top to bottom with various sagittaria, mosses, and wisteria.  The power head with the lowest flow I could find was too much for the beta that inhabited the top regions of dense plants.  He seemed to not mind being blown around (he'd swim dead into the stream when he wanted to) but couldn't find a dead still spot to rest when he wanted to either.		I found this little thing and decided to give it a try.  Removed the spray bar and filter media (just left the pre filter sponge to prevent plant leaves from getting stuck) and just set it up to blow water out the top nozzle (which can be turned at varying degrees horizontally or vertically) and it created just enough current to keep water moving and keep the algae at bay in the corner.		The design is submersible which is great - you can orient it any way you would like to hide it behind plants or decor.  Been going strong for almost a year and no problems at all.  I just clean the pre filter sponge every two weeks with the water change.
0,My dogs all love it! Usually they rip through tennis balls quickly but this has lasted for a while.
0,We had a beloved cat who had a nasty habit of spraying. I used another product to manage things while he was alive, since getting rid of him was just not an option. I purchased this product based on reviews, and what an amazing difference. I have been working through the "blacklight" spots on the cement in our garage, (more spots than I realized...) using wet towels to really soak this stuff in, and I am so happy with the results. I now have a new guy who developed crystals, and have had to use it a couple times on clothing and towels before he had his surgery. Use as directed and it works great.
0,We bought this for our female husky puppy when she was about 3 months old.  She didn't bark much but her breed is vocal.  We didn't know it, but it turned out that if we left the dog home by herself set all, she barked the ENTIRE TIME. and we are the 3rd floor of an apartment building. So we tried this. It has worked so well. It does not hurt her, more than anything it just startles her. Unfortunately she is too smart...she knows that it is the zapper so she only barks when it isn't on! Ha but it has been amazing. We left her alone a few times without the collar, about a month later and the neighbor said that she doesn't make a sound. She is less vocal in her play time and when she needs our attention, but she isn't scared or sad...just trained. We rarely need the collar anymore. BATTERY LASTS FOREVER.		The funniest thing: she knows that a real, full bark causes the collar to zap. So she went through a phase of trying several different "barks" to see what noises she could make without getting zapped. It was pretty funny.
0,love thias shampoo will definately reorder
0,Shelby loves it.
0,Okay, so this is a good deal. I bought some other dewormer for our dogs, which I found out after I bought it and opened it that it was a powder. Huh? How am I going to get my dogs to eat all that powder?, I thought to myself. As it is, I quickly went in search of finding a new product. Yes, this is it. It is cheap, works well (negative stool sample at vet), and you can literally force your dog to take it if you have to without much fight.
0,Wonderful pin keeos my little dog contained when i am at work, plenty of room to put water, his little house, some toys and some shade, pretty color and seems good built, these things are made in china so be careful when handling it, i broke one of the handles the first day so just careful.
0,Does exactly what it  is suppossed to do.
0,Cat likes the taste.  Seems to be helping with the UTI's.
0,i ordered the to occupy our two grown cats when their old cat tree didn't make the move with us.  i feel that this item is more appropriate for smaller cats (ours are 12 and 18 pounds) as the trays and spacing between levels are too small for us. Assembly was no problem.
0,Good product and price.
0,Some dogs are just more work than you bargained for--and not everyone has the time and energy to be a perfect pet parent. This collar will get you about 85 percent of the way there if you use it correctly and in conjunction with some basic obedience concepts. If your dog doesn't want to put it on, hold a treat in front of the loop, and he/she will learn to slip it on without a struggle.
0,Love it but 4 Stars since other 2 types of teasers more preferred!!  Gets lil attention. Still a nicely made cat toy!
0,The fit is great and my dog doesn't seem to mind it!
0,Great products,  I have min Schnauzer and these products left her coat soft, shinny and beautiful.  I used them as directed, used the Just Divine on her damp coat and was amazed as the tangles were easily removed.  Also seemed to dry her coat as I brushed her. Wonder full products.
0,First thing about the carrier... the color is very attractive, just as expected. Although the plastic is not as heavy duty as the Petmate carriers I bought 10 yrs ago, it is still very sturdy. Some of the other reviews I read on this carrier had said that the screws did not fit and that there were too few of them. That was not the case with mine. The screws that came with it were the perfect size and there was even about 6 extra screws!  Perhaps the manufacturer has made an effort to improve quality control. In any case, though I have not yet had a chance to use it, so far I really like this carrier. I hope that I feel the same way about it a year down the road!	Note: I purchased this item from a different website.
0,Excellent set of clippers.  They are being used on a cat with a thick undercoat and work extremely well.  The ceramic blade that is included stays cool longer than the "Andis Pet UltraEdge Detachable Blade, Size 10" I ordered as a spare.  I am extremely satisfied with these clippers.
0,LOVE THESE
0,My picky German Shepherd will not eat. I must mix in her food. Seem to help but her belly needs to get used to them first
0,I don't know about other dogs but mine is very picky. She won't take any other vitamins but these, and at age 15 she needs them. She's healthy and happy so I've got to say they must be doing their job. I'm satisfied and will continue to give her these.
0,got as gift and was great put together easy and dogs love rideing in stroller. came quick and would recomend to others.
0,this stuff works - not as long as i would like, but it DOES work!  my pit bull & crazy cat thank you!!  :)
0,We love this shampoo! It's gentle (our OES has allergies, so gentle was a must), lathers up well, and smells great (without being too strong). It also seems to whiten our mostly-white OES's coat better than anything else we've tried. Keeping in mind, of course, that we've only used mild, hypo-allergenic shampoos. So there are probably stronger whiteners out there, but this one whitens AND is gentle. That's a big win!		Our pup still doesn't like baths too much, but my husband and I just love the way this shampoo leaves him soft and clean-smelling, so the pup gets extra snuggles after bath time - which he loves!
0,Best conditioner I have ever used.  Makes leather have a satin feel.
0,This stuff really works.  For a long time I thought it didn't work.  Our gardener told us to keep the doggy toys off of the lawn because it was leaving dead grass spots.  So we did and guess what no more dead grass spots.  It really works.  We have 3 dogs and no dead spots.
0,I have a french bulldog he loves this ball  he plays with it for hours on end
0,This is great wild bird seed. I am a sucker for feeding the neighborhood birds and love to watch the birds feed outside my window. My budget doesn't really allow for more expensive, higher grade seed products for my wild friends but this seed is always nice not a lot of extra dust that I have seen in other products. Not a lot of waste below the feeder as well. I did purchase though for $13 for 20lbs. The price is currently at $24 for 20lbs. I normally never comment on the price but seems this product fluctuates in price so FYI ( I have bought now twice, both times under $15 )
0,Very cute item for my cat. She hasn't climbed on top yet but does spend time lounging on the inside.  She also run through it as a tunnel when she's running around the house.  It is sturdy.
0,Cats gobble these up! Wild salmon, no fillers, good for cats.
0,I used this product and was able to skip the medications for my frightened dog on New Years Eve.  I would rather not medicate him but he is so frightened by fireworks, I had to do something....until I found the DAP spray.  I used the recommened pumps of spray and it worked great.  He was calm and stayed next to me during the fireworks.  I highly reccommend this product.  I have also used DAP collar, but found, for my dog, this worked better.
0,just what our cat needs
0,Good product; good price. As described & packaged well.
0,My two cats just love to play and I always order Kong products for them. I trust the company to make good quality toys and products for my loves. They run around like kittens, chasing their toys. We all have fun!
0,My pug Lola has been fed with Royal Canin Pug Dry Food since she became adult. She is 3 years old now and so far so good. Awesome product, trustful brand. Our vet told us this is the best food for pugs. No allergies and no digestive problems. I highly recommend.
0,like will buy more for my baby!
0,Looks great on my little puppy. Very durable.
0,My dog LOVES these things, and this was the best price I found. Seriously, my dog is manic over these things. My only complaint: They are STINKY. Like really stinky. So prepare yourself. Or invest in some Febreeze. You've been warned.		Tip: I cut these in half using a branch cutter to make them go farther/last longer. (Also works well to size them for little dogs)
0,Good, high quality cat food that my cats love. I appreciate the quality while they appreciate the taste. The size (22 pounds) is great since I work with shelters and rescues and tend to have varying numbers of cats around. Delivery by Amazon is extremely convenient.
0,My rottie shepherd mix loves these things! Can't get enough of them! It won't last forever but as long as I keep it out for play and put it away when he's just into idle chewing, it should last a month or two! It is a big toy! He can barely fit it in his mouth, which is perfect!
0,My dog loves this and it's just the right size to use as training treats.
0,This is the only brand I will buy my dogs are healthy, happy and beautiful!
0,Perfect. Exactly what I needed. Sizing is totally weird and wrong but once i got the right size, it looks like my shiba won't be able to reach his tail finally. We got an Xlarge for a persistant 20lb shiba. Looks to be deep enough now and its tight enough on the smallest size.
0,My Corgi is extremely picky and he loves these even after multiple bags!!!
0,Precision cutting! It's awesome!
0,Cat loves it
0,Used this on my dog as a puppy. He looked adorable while wearing it. I loved the material and the overall design for it. Helped so that my dog would stop pulling and he never seemed bothered by it.
0,Not bad, the LED light is a bit annoying though.
0,great
0,I don't usually take time to make a review...but this is item is worth it!! Omg! Look at my pictures/video! My Jackson, 4.4lbs yorkie, loves it....inside or outside! He actually feels safe in it and loves to take naps in it!!
0,My dog is 16 and it looked as though he was losing cognitive functioning. I started giving him these and he seems to be more receptive. May be in my head but i think it is helping
0,I ordered the 10-14 inch collar for my Min Pin and it fit perfectly. It is made of tough, sturdy nylon and was easy to adjust to fit his neck. I was very happy with the quality, especially considering how cheap it was with Amazon Prime. Now that I have the collar, I will be ordering the matching leash!
0,I use these for my cats.  They are perfect.  Bowls held in place and bowls are just the right size for a cats meal.  Very stylish.
0,Wow! This bed is awesome! Both of our German Shorthairs fit on the bed with plenty of room to stretch out. It is very supportive. I actually laid down on it with one of our dogs and was shocked by how comfortable it was! There is no place that is not supported on the bed so there are no pressure points which means a lot to me for our older dog.
0,Very pleased with its effectiveness.
0,Love it!
0,Mention has been made that Amazon stocks this product made by 2 different manufactures... My dog prefers these, but only because this formula calls for a whole treat as opposed to the 1/2 (for his size) by the other manufacturer... Made in the U.S.A.
0,good price my cat will only eat this wet food and sometimes it's not available where I shop
0,Worked as described
0,We had to add these treats to our subscription because our dogs loved them so much!
0,This is 100% pure freeze-dried chicken. No fillers, additives, just plain chicken. My dog has the squirts and a sensitive tummy. This treat is great to carry around, he loves them, and they settle his GI tract very well. The pieces are all different sizes, telling me this is definitely different sized chicken parts, frozen and packaged. If your dog loves chicken, he'll love these. I tasted one and it tasted likeCHICKEN!
0,This is a very helathy suppliment for any animal who needs extra boost to their system.  I use it on my older cats.
0,Easy to use for Terrier and helps with his pulling - or he'd choke himself out
0,Very soft and well made.  My Cavalier loves it.  Can easily wash pillow or just get a nice blanket after the pillow is shot.  Worth the money!
0,My dog loved these as much as other Dingo products he has been given.
0,My puppy loves it. But he has grown so much after just 2 months that I need to find a bigger bed.
0,These have always worked for both my tanks.  I got the liquid tests b/c I kept reading online that these easystrips aren't reliable.  I got the liquid test to compare.  These strips were just as accurate as the liquid stuff.  So I didn't need the liquid tests, but I do have on hand if I do need them.  I do suggest getting an api ammonia test to go along with these strips.  These strips do not test ammonia.
0,Awesome training treats - perfect small size, low calories, and made in the USA.  They must be delicious...as soon as my pup sees them she sits at attention waiting for my direction.  Training is lifelong - we order these treat constantly.  I recommend them to all dog owners!
0,Shipped quick and just as described
0,So many treats which has lasted us awhile, perfect for our dog who has meat allergies
0,Many deshedders would not work on my cat with softer fur. This one finally did the trick! I probably took off enough fur to make another cat! +^..^=
0,I purchased this for my dog who has allergies. When the little red bumps appear I apply the spray a couple of times a day and she never scratches anymore. Looking at the list of ingredients I have no fear of using this or of the cat going over to "help" give her a bath with his tongue.	Unexpected result - it works on humans too! I had gotten some type of contact dermatitis that itched beyond belief. This worked every bit as well as cortisone ointment and I felt better about using it given the natural organic ingredients. It even worked on "dry winter skin" itchies.	I will be reordering.
0,Softer than another less expensive 2" same type collar I purchased at the same time as this one.  Looks great on our 62 pound Lab female...size medium is perfect and still has more wiggle room if needed in the future.	We had a thinner Martingale with part chain before. She is only 9 months old and still has puppy brain when she sees other dogs...would pull and choke and cough with the narrower part chain version.  We were worried about tracheal damage with all the coughing.  The broader softer If It Barks has not produced the coughing, so we are happy	Seems to be well worth the higher price.
0,I buy these for my Great Danes and they are great! The rhinestones do fall out eventually, but for my largest and oldest Dane, they last nearly a year. For my just-out-of-puppydom younger Danes, the rhinestones only last about six months, but for the price, I think that is reasonable. Great Danes play with a lot of neck biting, jumping, and tugging, so no collar is going to last forever with them until they settle down into the lovely couch potato that they all eventually become!		On the aesthetic side, these collars always get compliments, and they are wide enough to really show up on the Great Dane coat!
0,great product
0,Monday, 01/02/2017, marked the first day of Charley's new Zignature Fish LID diet. Expensive, but worth it to help with his many allergies w/chicken, etc. After many years on N.V. Instinct diets, he developed an allergy to chicken--of all proteins! Based upon the many glowing reviews for the Zignature LID diets, @Amazon.com, I changed horses mid-stream, so-to-speak, and ordered two of the fish-based formulas So, off we go to the new and more expensive fish protein diets. I expected to see a marked improvement by Wed. 01/04/2017. [As it turned out, I couldn't be more pleased with my decision to change over to this excellent new formula.]		PS: In as little as one day's time, his stinky feet's aroma is a thing of the past. Eureka! The funky stench, which used to follow him like a black cloud, has totally vanished. Only two 1/4 cup servings mixed in with his former 'N.V. Turkey Instinct LID' diet was all that was required to prove to me that this very expensive diet is worth its weight in gold for both Charley and me. I think that I'll go ahead and post my review now.
0,This works great for food. Looks much nicer than big bag in my pantry. Comes with scoop, holds big bag of food and critters can't chew into it to get the food. Just love it. Gonna get another one for my Doxies.
0,This is a much better product in person than how it is shown in the advertisement.  It is so soft and will be a perfect centerpiece for my Peter Pan them party.  All I need to do is put a small clock in its mouth.
0,Quality Bell that was shipped very fast. Easily installed with a small phillips screwdriver.	It only took seconds to install.		The bell looks very nice and regal.		I installed it yesterday so the training begins now so I cannot comment on that yet. If I can remember I will update later.
0,Puppy loves it
0,thank you
0,This is a perfect solution to always having to haul dirty kitty litter down 3 flights of stairs and trying to find grocery bags without holes in the bottom. This has helped maintain a cleaner litter box area and has made scooping litter a lot more convenient. Before I ordered it, I was very skeptical about the litter Genie being worth the price. I now believe that it is 100% worth the price of the disposal system and refills. It helps SO MUCH with keeping the smell to a minimum. I highly recommend.
0,Works well, stays on well. Make sure you get the right size though or it will chafe their legs and belly.
0,Great, reliable and high quality food but the Amazon price has to align itself with the competition; they currently are at $21 above the competition ($116 versus $95.99 for 25lbs). They should also offer a subscription possibility.
0,I really did not notice any difference in my dog after taking this product. Not very impressed.		UPDATE:  I tried this on one of my other dogs who is 15 years old and does not sleep well at night. This product does help her rest easier.	 However, it did not help my dog who has anxiety.
0,Golden Retriever pup eats too fast.  This has slowed him down.
0,Great and good sized
0,Excellent ball for indoors.
0,The ZippyPaws nylon poop bag holder is very handy. My leash is thin and has a D ring near the handle where I fastened the Velcro strap. The other strap just velcro's around the leash. I also modified mine using a mini binder clip and micro zip tie, running it through the zipper pull eye hole. This little modification works great, plus it can hold several used bags. This addition weighs next to nothing plus it's a bigger zipper pull. Anyway love the bag and my little modification.
0,The dogs really go for this dog food.
0,Very good clean up their teeth and mouth keep away smell
0,Great item very soft .sizing is correct. Best doggie diapers I have bought.
0,works great - wish it weren't so expensive!  But it solved my aggressive kitty problems (along with the calming cat collar)
0,This cost much less than other similar products. It is thick and plush. Quality made with good seam seal on the edges. I got it so my dogs can visit with us on the bed in the morning. Will put it on as needed  to keep the hair and wet paws off our quits. Will update after I wash it, but I don't anticipate it will need more than hair removal. Would be good in the back of the car for the pets too.
0,We received exactly what we ordered and the dogs are very happy with it
0,We "downgraded" to this from Newman's Own Organics dry food, although I will say both foods scored the same on a popular dog food analysis website. Not only is this one less expensive, our dog likes it and has exhibited only one change -- when playing in the afternoon, he is less likely to drink water and then throw it up.		* The kibbles are larger, but still small enough that they make good treats while taking a walk with our 87-pounder.	* Made in North America.	* Not carried in our local Petco, and Petsmart charges more.	* We've ordered several times from Amazon and their food is always fresh.
0,So far our 9 week old miniature poodle has not destroyed this toy.  It's a wonder because she throws it all over the place and carries it proudly like she won a prize.  She has not figured out how to make it talk yet, but I suppose that will come in time.  This is pretty sturdy so far but she's only had it for a couple of weeks.....Time will tell how it holds up.
0,This is one of my dogs favorite toys.  He has gone through several in 8 years...they quit talking but he will still play with a silent one occasionally.  I made the mistake this time and ordered the small one.  He is not as interested in it as the larger size.  I don't know why since with the smaller is is able to pick it up in his mouth and carry it around.  Since he has me so well trained I am back at Amazon ordering the larger size for him.
0,Ok, go for the aerosol can tho y'all.  The product is GREAT, but for the love of your hand, get the can not the bottle.
0,If I get this stuff from my vet, I can't get it in these large packages and it's TWICE as expensive. I checked around at other local pet supply places, same thing, almost 2x's as much per dose.		This is great because I only have to order twice a year, it comes right to my door, and I save a lot of money.		As far as this product, I buy the cat and dog versions for my pets, it works great and doesn't seem to have any ill effects. In the winter my dog needs it about every 6-7 weeks, the cats only need it about every 10-12 weeks. In the summer my dog needs it every 4 weeks, cats every 6-8. Ticks LOVE my dog, and this stuff really keeps them away. Good stuff, good purchase, good price.
0,My 11 lb schnauzer fits in the medium, but she would be more comfortable in the large.
0,Works just like it's supposed to, so easy to carry and who can beat the price.
0,This was a food my cat loved.  However, there had to be something wrong with this batch.  It is the first time I purchased a case and the first time I purchased it through Amazon.  He would not eat a morsel of it.  In fact, he would rather starve!  So I am now sitting here with 10 unopened cans.  Do not buy this product from Amazon.
0,Very well made collar...soft, yet strong.  The Martingale design gives you the best of both worlds between a traditional choke collar and a regular collar.
0,This stuff really works.  We are repeat customers.
0,great food...so they tell me...:)
0,Works as it should.  It's a fish tank filter.  I don't know what else to say about it.  Ha ha!
0,Great
0,Worked in my Eclipse 6, Arrived undamaged. Still working.
0,Works well
0,Cats love it, Easy way to give pills.
0,Great fit and loved the color and material
0,These seem to work for my shih-tzu
0,Love it!
0,So far, after limited use...I LOVE IT!!.. I used to stuff all kinds of pillows between the seats, a real pain.  I can't believe I waited this long to get this:(... I am curious though as to how it will hold up with repeated use, but I gave it covered and hope there are no " nails" punctures:)
0,best scratcher. My cat can practically make a full extension while using this post. She's happy I'm happy. :)
0,My 13  year old mini schnauzer has been very prone to UTIs ever  since I got her at the age of three. Every year there's been at least one if not two rounds of antibiotics. Since I started using these cranberry comfort chews she has not had any infections.
0,It does its job and isn't as wasteful as using larger bags.  I have re-ordered.
0,I'm very new to keeping aquatic pets, but after over a month after starting, my fish, shrimp, snail and plants are healthy and the tank is stable		I got a 5 gallon acrylic tank kit with some substrate and a rock and started dosing with Cycle from day 1. After a day or two, I bought some marimo moss and a couple of red shrimp from a local shop and added them into my new tank. Within a week, after doing partial water changes every other day, it seemed like my tank finished cycling with trace amounts of ammonia, no detectable nitrites and a build up of nitrates.		Now it seems that without any cycling product, it typically takes about a month to fully cycle a new aquarium. It took me a week with Cycle and no algae bloom!		I do add a little bit of Cycle in after doing water changes, but only because I have so much left (I think I bought the 16 oz bottle) and its shelf life is relatively short due to live bacteria inside. I don't think it's necessary, but I did recently buy a new filter and it certainly didn't hurt.		Definitely worth checking out.
0,One of my dogs eventually chewed the base off, but this is still a fairly tough toy. It's just the right size for medium to smallish dogs and it bounces very unpredictably. Very chew worthy!
0,Great product have been using Seachem products in all of my planted tanks and have had great results.
0,great and light to use...my dog likes this one over those more expensive basket muzzles
0,Perfect. Glad Amazon has these.
0,My dog loves these!! They're by far her favorite treat thus far. They're a great size for training as well. The ingredient list ensures that I'm not feeding my dog anything crazy, but in fact real food.
0,Does what it's supposed to.  I do not find that it leaks an inordinate amount.
0,A well built harness that provides every bit of safety as you have. Generally easy to use once you get the hang of it with a caveat. The metal buckles are designed for safety, but when connecting to complete the harness, they have to slide into each other exactly straight. This can be difficult on a wiggly dog, so this harness might not be the best choice for everyday use like walking if you're going to take it on and off quite a bit. That said, the design is such that there definitely won't be a failure in the car during fast stops or accidents.
0,I have three foster kittens and was scooping several times a day into shopping bags that you sometimes forget to check for holes! Uh! I thought there had to be a better way and saw this. For three kittens I went four days before I emptied it. It does not smell during that time at all. Some commented after awhile the unit had a smell. I can't comment on long term use but for $15 I'd buy one twice a year. I'm curious to see him long the bag supply cartridge works.
0,This product has really made a difference in my 4 cats intestinal health. I mix the convenient packets in their wet food every day. Wouldn't be without it.
0,My cats love this wand. It is well made. I love the fish toy attached and the fact you get a second fish.
0,The crate bed/pad is fantastic and well made.  I have bought two of them.  However, if your dog is a major chewer, I do not recommend it.  Ours is a crazy chewer.  First one lasted 10 months.  Second lasted two weeks.  But not because of the quality.  It is because Labrador Weimaraner puppies are nuts.  Price is right as well.
0,Also keeps the water fresh, they really catch hair and dust bunnies, where everything is coming from that the filters are catching other then the pet hair, I have no idea, but I'm quite happy they're doing their job and extending the life of my pump
0,The only brand of litter I use now. My cat loves it and I love it even more. Clumps amazingly well and holds the odor pretty well. Seems to last a lot longer in my litter robot than the host of other litters I've used. It's not too dusty and messy like other clay litters as well. Overall you can't go wrong here.
0,nice nighty fits well and launders well
0,great forcontrolling shedding with my puggles,
0,BEYOND AWESOME! ANd works!!!! :):):)
0,My little dog absolutely loves chasing these things. She's tiny but still manages to get them to squeak.
0,Great collar, very sturdy, really nice color.  I have had it on my Akita for over 6 months and it is holding up great.  Would definately buy this again.
0,sturdy for a yorkie
0,great product
0,LOVE these coats! I have two pit bull type shelter dogs and I have a hard time finding GOOD, FUNCTIONAL, coats that fit them. Many coats that fit their body length are either to deep in the chest (my dogs are pretty round rather than deep and narrow like a lot of hound type dogs) or too tight around the neck due to their stocky build. These fit nicely over their necks and then I can cinch up the velcro to make the belly fit pretty darn well.		I do find that if the dogs are walking through snow that hits the chest plate it WILL scoop some of it up. So it's a little hit or miss as to how well it'll keep their chest dry when in deep snow. Otherwise it keeps the rain, falling snow, and mud off of them quite well. I don't use the rear leg loops at all and the coats stay right in place all that time.		I've had these coats for a couple years (2 for one of them, 4-5 for the other) and they both still work great. After LOTS of use (we walk twice a day even in the winter!) the velcro is defiantly less grabby but thats expected and given the design of the coat should be pretty easy to replace myself when it finally fails. The coats are pretty stain resistant but the yellow one I have IS a bit permanently grungy on the top as I have a dog that likes to scratch her back on the bottom of the car when wearing her coat!
0,Nice box for my bantam chickens!
0,dogs absolutely love them, wish they did last longer. maltease and yorkie go through their own if left alone for a day.
0,I have two mixed breed australian shepherd / german shepherd mixed dogs. One is severely allergic to grain - from rice to soy to wheat, forget it, she's eating ear feet until they are raw! This food is great for dogs who can't tolerate grains, and it's so much more affordable then other brands! My dogs are very tolerant of this food, no allergies no gas no runny poo... They have been on it for about 4 months now and I will continue to buy!
0,Oddly enough, I have found the red frisbees to be more durable than the black ones.
0,I ordered 3 of these and all are growing rapidly in my tank.  Love the leaves and the ease of growing bulbs. I just rinsed them off well and placed in my tank.  No problems.
0,I have one cat that has really benefited from this product and he likes it,  Win Win
0,Very nice quality for the price !
0,I've had these for a few months now and so far it hasn't rusted. Although, I dry them after I use them just as a precaution. I use them for my 10 gallon planted tank and no complications yet. They get the necessary job done. The length is perfect for me, even though my hands are submerged in water, but that doesn't bother me. Your hands are suppose to get wet with aquariums haha. This is a great set to have and I would definitely recommend it!
0,I don't need to use this as a puppy stage crate. I just use it as a regular crate for my springer. It is sturdy and I love that it has doors at the end and the side so you can arrange where you place it.
0,After a scare with some chicken jerky that was recalled, I am now super careful with what treats I buy for my dog.  True Chews are one of my favorite finds.  Here's why:		1.  They are made in the US from US raised beef.	2.  My dog loves these.  He loses his mind when he sees one and becomes fixated on it for hours at a time.	3.  They are long-lasting.  If your dog is a strong chewer (mine is), these hold up much longer than tons of other chews I've tried.	4.  Bully sticks are digestible.  I used to give my dog rawhide chews because I didn't know any better.  Bully sticks are much less problematic than rawhide which can cause tears and blockages in the digestive tract.	5.  Reasonable price point.  Bully sticks are an expensive treat.  The ones I buy at Kriser's are 6" sticks at $3 per stick.  While they're a little bit heartier than the True Chews, that's still pricier per stick.
0,My little rescue took to this bed immediately. The first time I put him in it he slept there for hours. He's so comfortable in it that he actually nurses on the sides.
0,3 feral cats - the 2 teenagers are not interested in them but the lil kid enjoys them. He shakes the string as soon as he gets it in his mouth - as if it were a snake! I feed him two with breakfast and two with dinner. They are soft and the individual strings pull apart from the bunch quite easily. I like to rotate the flavors so the 3 pack is good. My local stores used to carry these but no longer do.
0,the dog really likes them, I will order more.
0,Bought this last year. It attracted LOTS of finches. Then I ran out and bought a similar product at Lowes. I never saw another finch. i threw it away. This is the best and worth the money.
0,I got it in small for my 7 pound mixed chihuaua/toy poodle. It was way too big for him. Sizing is very important, especially the neck area I suggest looking at the size chart first before ordering. I should have gotten the x small. The small was a little big for my dog. The neck area fitted perfectly, but the waist area was too big. Even though I sized it to the smallest. But other than that, this is a great harness! It's very high in quality and I highly recommend to any dog/cat owners!!!
0,This life vest is perfect for my service dog! I was concerned about sizing since she is part basset hound, and has the long body. The size large fits her 65 lb frame like a glove. She didn't mind wearing it and it will be perfect for ourvwhale watching excursion coming up.
0,Kitties love it
0,These are long enough to stretch up above the dew claws and helps to keep them on. The non-skid rubber helps him keep his footing on wood floors. Washable, which is nice.
0,The dachshund loves these
0,Our cat loves his new Catit Drinking Fountain.
0,I love these bags.  They are strong, not see through and flimsy like other bags and have good long handles to tie off.  I have been using these bags for over six months now and they are way better than grocery bags (or ziploc bags which I have seen people at the dog park use!).  I just bought another box but still have a bit left from this batch.
0,Not too big, not too small, the Goldilocks of organizers!
0,My Leonberger puppy (BIG puppy) loves his bear. This fella has been tossed around our house A LOT and he is still in great shape. I would highly recommend this one!
0,Ok, I waited TWO whole months before writing a review on this, because I was a Skeptical Scully. I've got two big chompers, an 80 lb. AmStaff and a 5 month old Pointer, and they love to wrestle and chew and tug. Big cow femurs are a favorite toy, but they're noisy on the floor. They love Wubbas and ropes, but they always end up shredded. Rubber balls and classic Kongs are good, but they get lost under the furniture all the time. THIS THING is the toughest, most convenient, quietest toy I've ever gotten them! It's big enough for their giant mouths, it's got three nodules to grab and tug and chew on, I can stuff treats inside and keep them occupied when I'm away, and they cannot make a mark on it! It's squishy enough that it doesn't hurt the floor, it doesn't leave a mess on the couch, and it doesn't roll under the coffee table. I love it. I'd recommend this to anyone with a heavy chewer up to the size of my dogs (I can't vouch for +100lb. pups).
0,Our three dogs love this dog food. Perfect for American Eskimo sensitive stomach and Chihuahuas love it too.
0,I have to be honest, I don't know if this actually works yet - but I will update!		However, in case anyone else is having the same problem as I am, I wanted to put up this review ASAP.		I take in older and special needs animals, and one cat peed outside the box and suddenly the boys (3-4, all neutered) started having a massive pee war that was impossible to keep up with. One of the reasons it was impossible to keep up with was that our relatively new carpet that I just replaced two years ago appeared to be reacting to every enzyme cleaner I tried - two versions of Nature's Miracle, Biokleen, Skout's Honor, Anti Icky Poo, Stink Free, Urine Off and Nok Out (and one or two others I can't even remember), the latter four of which come HIGHLY recommended in the rescue community. Every one of those bleached the carpet in the exact spot where urine (or vomit) was, with the exception of Nok Out, which did the inverse of this - left the pee spot unbleached, but bleached the outer "clean" edges.		In the meantime, our house became... something of a urine pool. I had accepted that in order to properly clean the pee, it would mean having to sacrifice my beautiful new carpet and learn to live with massive bleach spots on nearly half of it throughout the entire house, and accept that I would have to pay to replace it whenever we move (this is not our "forever home"). I was heartbroken and devastated.		Then I remembered an old episode of My Cat From Hell, and Fizzion came to the rescue. So far, it has NOT bleached our carpet!!! We've been working on a section of about ~6-7 square feet in the bedroom for the past week. Since we know it's the worst section, we've been cleaning thoroughly by spraying, then blotting, then letting air dry completely, repeating that exact process 3 more times before then SOAKING the entire thing in order to get better coverage and most importantly, get down to the pad. No discoloration whatsoever! Yay! Once we get through the whole house, if it appears to be working, we intend to steam clean with the steam cleaner version of Fizzion.		So far, we do think it's "working" otherwise. My boyfriend and I are not the best sniffers, which makes it more difficult to tell, though it's clear it does not evoke an immediate "OH GOD YES, MY NOSE IS ABSOLUTELY TOUCHING CAT PISS RIGHT NOW" response like it used to... more like a "*IS* that pee that I smell? Or is it the cleaner? Am I just smelling the carpet? I have no idea what I'm smelling right now if anything at all". That has to be progress though, right?		We are also using a blacklight and the spots we've worked on seem to be drastically less flourescent than they were before (though I'm uncertain of how much it's supposed to affect the stains under the blacklight), but we'll know for sure if we can keep our biggest culprit from returning to the biggest problem areas. I'll update when we can better guage that.		I'm not sure about the stain removing ability because none of our urine spots have stained the carpet. Or maybe we just can't see it because our carpet is a darker grey. We did use it on some vomit on the cream colored part of our area rug and it lifted what was there well, but we attended to that immediately after it happened, so that could be why.		The scent of Fizzion itself is on the milder end of these type of cleaners in my opinon.		For now, I'm leaving it with this rating for the simple fact that it is enviormentally friendly compared to other competitor's, is safe for pets, and DOES NOT BLEACH THE CARPET!!!		For anyone else dealing with this problem, we obviously at some point realized the issue was with our carpet and not the cleaners, and we've talked to one local flooring guy who said that sometimes the dye can react to the enzymes somehow (which I assume is why the CO2 in Fizzion doesn't react the same). It must be somewhat rare though, because I  didn't find anything about it online and could hardly find anyone else (online or otherwise) dealing with this when I was searching for a solution. Hopefully my review will help anyone else going through this though because it is so disheartening and potentially very, very costly. You are not alone or crazy! Try Fizzion!!!		To be updated!
0,Very sturdy and works as advertise and my dog looks bad ass. :o) 10 month old Male Rottie Drago
0,Nice size for small tanks.  Easy to scoop out and stays fresh.
0,I prefer these waste bags to all others. I use them when I clean out my cat's litter box and in cleaning up after my dog outside. They never break and the perforations always makes for an easy tear.
0,I love this product. Keeps my dog busy and out of trouble for hours plus helps with her bad breath lol. This usually last her about 2 weeks before she shreds it to pieces.
0,Love that this has an option for tone, which is all we need.
0,Great
0,I got a medium for my Jack Russell Terrier about 2 years ago and it's lasted until just recently. He's very comfortable in it. The stitching around the collar has become undone & it's frayed but he still wears it. He's never gotten out of it - he doesn't try 'cause he's comfy. I like this more than other harnesses I've used on him because it's secure. It also looks pretty against his white fur, so I recommend.
0,cute and perfect size. I don't like carrying a big bag when a small one is suffecient
0,My new betta, who is a tiny little guy could not eat the regular sized betta pellets and spit them out, too big for him. I even crushed them to small size but he would not eat. I bought these and he ate them up right away without spitting out. Thanks to Omega One and these micro pellets, my betta is now eating and loves them. These are Perfect for small freshwater fish. It is hard to judge however how much to feed since they are tiny but I only sprinkle a few once a day. I feed my other betta 4 regular betta pellets a day so is easier to judge that he is not overfed. However for the little guy these micro pellets are great and I no longer have a starving fish. Highly recommend.
0,My 3 dogs absolutely love these antlers! I have ordered these many times and have not be disappointed. They provide the much needed chewing for my pups and it keeps them busy forever. I tried ordering from another place when these were not in stock, and they just weren't the same. I will continue to order these.
0,Got this to upgrade my dog from the small size. It's the perfect height for him now that he's grown more. We got a new pup, so instead of buying her a new one, we got him this one!
0,Extremely handy when training.  However, if you leave your treats in the bag, they will dry out.  So we simply place the leftovers back into a sealable bag.
0,I really like the look of this collar. It's great fit for my 15 lb mini schnauzer poodle mix. She's black and so the design really pops! It's thin and soft so it's probably more confortable than her last one, but I'm interested to see if it will stand the test of time. Not heavy duty, for sure, but certainly fun and doesn't bother my pup! (Note: the gold isn't really gold, it's a yellow color)
0,I got rid of the glass tops for my tanks because of heat retention issues.  Needed something to support the egg crate and these work perfectly. Just make sure you get the right size for you glass thickness.
0,Great leash.  Unfortunately my dog chewed through both of the ones I ordered.
0,Works well.  I tested it on myself before the dog.  At least on the lower levels it is not bad, just enough to surprise him and get his attention when he is doing something bad.  The tone had no effect, nor did the vibration.
0,great
0,Super simple and incredibly helpful. The litter boxes in our house aren't right next to a trash can, so this helps keep the litter box touch ups clean and quick without needing larger garbage trips. Also cuts WAY down on smell. Every litter box needs a litter genie!
0,This product is phenomenal . Bart is my mastiff who is 160 lbs .. Very tall and lengthy . He came to me as a rescue in Dec 2013. He cracked he was stiff and he wasn't very limber .. I tried some OTC glucosamine supplements but they didn't improve his mobility . I ordered this product and after about 2 weeks the difference was amazing. I have a video of him and I wish I could post it. He is tearing up on back legs grabbing toys running around .. He can get up with minimal cracking and stiffness now.. He is 7 years old and he is like a different dog now.. I will continue this product in addition to his high protein grain free diet (grains aggravate arthritis .. Causing inflammation) and I will start the others in my pack on this when the time comes! Great product great price !!
0,worked well .love this
0,Good company and good product
0,My chewer dog loved this one! had it gone in a few days though, however, that was good, cos he just sat and chewed this and nothing else!
0,As far as this type of toy is concerned I think this one is the best.  The plush toys are high quality, there are plenty of holes to dig through, and my dog loves the toy.  It's not her favorite, but she loves to shake out the squirrels a few times each day.  I think it's a good toy to help dogs with their confidence as they have so many squirrels to bully and they have to stick their head inside to get to them.  Also, because the toys are inside, they have to rely on their noses and intellect with this toy more than many other toys. As Cesar Milan would say, the nose is the number one sense for dogs.  Any training/toys that gets them to use their nose is letting dogs learn to be dogs.  You hide treats and many other things inside the log other than squirrels if you want.
0,Gives a full grown cat plenty of room and the high sides protect the area around the pan.
0,Excellent for disabled cat with spinal problems
0,I have a purebred American Bulldog. She is a very aggressive chewer. Does she destroy them? Oh yeah. I buy them two at a time, and two lasts her about 3 months. I rebuy and she gets very excited. She knows. I open that box and pop one out and her tail goes wild. The squeakers are the first to go, those last about 2-3 weeks at best. But she doesn't need it to squeak to me entertained. She has many toys, and when I tell her, "get your toy," this is the one she goes for, every time. Aggressive chewers best-friend.
0,They snuggle right in. Fits both my ferrets comfortably.
0,My kittens still fuss while I try to trim their nails but with this tool I can still trim the nails pretty quickly and minimize the biting attacks!!
0,Works as expected
0,Best turtle food! Keeps tanks 10x cleaner
0,VERY well made.
0,I have been looking for a replacement for my old clicker for awhile and this one is great! It takes a lot less force to push the button then my old one did and the sound is much louder. I clicker trained my cats years ago and now they come running when ever I click it twice! This one has a convenient and comfortable springy wrist strap to keep it with me, but not have to hold it when I'm training the animals. This works for cats or dogs and has a little slide button to adjust the sound. This is the first clicker I've used with the cats that has multiple sounds and they are starting to respond to the sounds differently. As with any pet training it takes time and patience, but this clicker is definitely helping me expand my cats training.		I received a discount on this item in exchange for an honest review. Experiences, opinions and photos are all mine.
0,I like the SS construction because I'm hearing that plastic bowls aren't good for cats (who knows). Either way, it looks nice. Has a controllable flow, which is cool. Sometimes is makes noise, sometimes it is completely silent. However, I had to remove the SS top because it always makes noise due to vibration. Poor design choice if you ask me. Cats like it, now that they aren't spooked by it.
0,Seems soft, gets every single hair off of my cat, and she loves it! Just look!
0,This DNA test is awesome.  We were able to find out more information about our rescues dogs - especially the one who is a mix of breeds. We felt it was worth the high price as it provides information on medical conditions to watch for. Easy to obtain the sample and the results came sooner than expected. The results are very thorough.
0,I used to use Purina one show chow for my 2 holland lops but it was so hard to get a hold of that i switched. At first the bunnies wouldn't touch the new stuff and only ate a little. So after mixing it with their old food and some treats they eventually got used to it and now love it! but i found if i give them more than a half cup a day they start getting loose stools.
0,Cats LOOOOVE this!	Bought them as gifts to all my cat lovers!
0,Ordered this for my female miniature pinscher and it fit perfect and looks great on her with the new Coastal leather studded collar that I purchased too from Amazon. Passed some people in the park and they commented that it looked beautiful on her.
0,I got this for my puppy that usually rips things to shreds. She has yet to rip this up. She chewed the tag off of one of the legs and I had to sew it up but other than that it has held up remarkably well so far.
0,My 9 month old GSD puppy loves this product great for aggressive chewer.	Each lasts a while.
0,On time and dogs love it!
0,This is the best dog toothpaste on the market.  I gave it 4 stars because our collie still has brown tarter on the two back molars.  I brush every day (maybe missing a day here or there) and still the brown color.  I would take her in for a yearly dental if there  wasn't the requirement to put her under.  Another dog toothpaste failed to remove any of the tarter.  That toothpaste was used before  she was spayed, at which time she was given a dental cleaning.  Would strongly advise that any dog that must be put under be given a dental cleaning.  The teeth come out totally clean and pure white in color.
0,Our senior lab responded well to this supplement during our last road trip. These allowed him to settle in to new places quietly and quickly.
0,Good "touch" surfaces for working with your dog... Try this out, first touching one, then two, then the series. Now, start over, and teach "touch two at at the same time!" And work your way to standing on all four! We're not there yet - but having a lot of fun working that direction!
0,Great on trips.
0,These are very nice mattresses. Both my dogs and cats love them. The other day I even found one of the dogs ad one of the cats sleeping together on one. If bunk beds weren't broke, sure they would of been great in them as well.
0,Oxbow is the brand I rely on to most generally always give me the best quality Timothy Hay for my guinea pigs.  It generally has all green in its stalks and seeds.  Since hay is produced in differing areas during different seasons, and many places have a spring harvest and, I think if lucky enough, a fall harvest, you can't always get premium quality in each and every bag.  But I do count on Oxbow.  Best bet for the dollar spent.
0,These Tuffy toys are amazing. After 3 months only an ear or a tail tip was chewed off and the dogs keep coming to back to them.
0,These chicken sticks are best suited for small dogs or to keep medium dog happy for a short time.  If your pet needs to reduce weight, this would be a good choice.
0,I bought this for my Cherry Head Conure who is really good about picking up words and sounds. The unit is made from plastic and not meant to be put inside the cage. It's actually quite loud so it would be best across the room. There are two sections that allow you to record a few words or a message. The unit will repeat that message twelve times and then pause for about fifteen minutes. You can toggle between the two sides to record a different message on each side. The recording seems clear and loud. Pressing the record button softly allows for a clearer repeating message without clicks that your bird could end up mimicking as well. The buttons and switches appear fragile and feel like to me that if they are forced or mishandled they could break. It also appears to work as a bird calmer. Many birds let out loud calls when they can't see you, by recording their favorite word this unit on repeat puts you in charge of the calls. My bird has already picked up the rhythm of one of the phrases I've recorded. Eventually that should turn into the words. I've enjoyed this product so far and wished I knew about it sooner...
0,Good shampoo, doesn't dry out the dogs' skin.
0,well first i thought mini was.. mini.. i don't want to know what small is because its not that mini lol. but... in my 3gal fish tank i use this, as soon as i get the water flowing, still catching on on how to do that, its fast and awesome and that fish better watch out or hes going up to lol
0,Have a large pup - she goes through these fairly quickly but loves them.
0,<div id="video-block-R1GNXFVB2M3XDA" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/91yR8XSaFYS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81pIFVfK8IS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;After 6 months this cat tree is still holding up fairly well. One of my cats is about 20 lbs. and he can make it to the 2nd and 3rd levels easily but usually when he tries to get to the top he tips it over. (Just an FYI for owners of larger cats to keep an eye out for this.) His weight has also caused the tree to become a bit wobbly, which I'm sure could be easily corrected by tightening some of the screws. My cats love the scratching posts and lounging on the different levels.  It was VERY easy to assemble. The beige color I received is lighter than the one in the photo here and more of a cream/ivory, but I love it. It's neutral and in my opinion would fit in well with most color schemes.
0,my cat loves it and the cat nip too!
0,love it
0,Great ball, better than any other ball I've purchased. This ball actually keeps hamster contained without having to use tape or adhesive to stay closed.
0,My dog is picky but since I bought this he loves it!
0,We rescued a dog who has horrific skin allergies and dietary problems due to anxiety.  It only took a few weeks after starting this product for Finn to look and act like a completely different dog.  His skin and coat are beautiful and he has no digestive issues.  I highly recommend this product and will continue to use it for the rest of Finn's life!		Kami L
0,cats beg for these!
0,Wonderful variety but still trying to find something he likes.
0,GOOD CLIPPERS,
0,I've been using this stuff now for a couple of months. I just visited my dental hygienist for my 4-month check up and cleaning and she was very pleased with the state of my teeth. I had very little tartar buildup and my breath smelled like chicken, which see really liked, given that it was a morning appointment and she hadn't had breakfast yet.		Yeah. I'm definitely a fan.
0,Cheaper than the vet and dogs love them
0,Best collars ever made!
0,Wow Wow Woe my dogs love these!!!
0,Works great, easy to fill, like the fact that the bowl is separate so easy to wash.  Would recommend.  Worth the price.
0,The large size fits our 100 lb Weimaraner perfect.  Well made, seems to be very comfortable. Tried the XL first, but was too loose around the chest area.
0,I can't really say anything bad about Ever Clean except it's probably awful for the environment. I've tried all the hippie dippy litterspine chips, TEA LEAVES ($_$), newspaper, walnut shells, you name itbut keep coming back to Ever Clean, despite the fact that I'll probably go to hell for continuing to buy stuff that's strip mined. Until they invent a better letter that's good for the environment or when my two boys learn how to use the tub as their little box, I am beholden to Ever Clean.
0,This stopped all ear infections. We use it once a month and follow up the washing with Vets+Best Ear relief dry
0,I have tried everything that is on the market and I have had some positive results ... but I hadn't found anything that I'd rave about.  That was until I found this product.  This WORKS!  I can't believe how it totally removes cat urine odor.  I have a cat who has feline urinary syndrome (FUS) and when the syndrome acts up my life becomes a nightmare.  After reading the reviews on Amazon's site, I figured that I didn't have anything to lose, so I ordered a gallon.  I tried one spot that Cocoa likes to use in the dining room and I couldn't believe the results.  It left a slight fragrance behind - one that is totally pleasant!  I checked the spot the next day and I could not believe that the odor was totally GONE.  Not covered up by a  fragrance - but totally GONE!		I've used it on a couple more of Cocoa's spots and it totally removed the odor that has been left behind from other cleaners.  This is now the only product that I'll use.  It works!
0,Great product.  I had been looking for a good air-tight container for the cat food, so I could purchase the larger bags.  This worked admirably, and keeps the dry food nice and fresh.  The price was right.
0,My puppy really likes it.
0,i have two small shih tzus and they both love this stuff-we've been using it for years.  my older dog is especially picky and this is probably his favorite food.  also, very solid poos :)
0,My cats love it and the ingredients are reassuring. My kitten eats this from my older cat's dish, leaving his full.
0,Great Reflective Vest!  The visibility is great and the vest is easy to put on.
0,This is my second one of these -- my cats literally wore out the one I purchased a few years ago. Kittens especially find lots of things to do with this toy. One word of caution -- the upright pieces are close enough together that a small kitten can get its head stuck between them, so don't let the little ones (who LOVE this toy) play unsupervised.
0,Works for arthritic dogs.
0,My dog thinks these treats are straight from heaven, she begs incessantly to have more. I ordered a new supply and when I opened the box, she could smell them from across the room and began her sad face to get one right away!
0,Very nice
0,Wellness products are always great and fantastic for your dogs.  I have to mix Wellness canned wet food with it and my small breed dogs will eat it, but if I do not mix the wet with it they hesistate to eat it.  Great product and great for your dogs.
0,When you purchase these through suscribe and save it's an AMAZING deal.	My doglies LOVE these, and this box is so large it lasts for a while...and such a great price.
0,I don't know if it's the flavor texture or what but my dogs love these. Beg for them all the time. Good ingredients and I feel safe about giving them to my dogs.
0,I purchased this cage through amazon almost three years ago now for my two rats and absolutely never had any problems with it. It always held up really well and it is just enough space to run around and there is also room for hammocks and toys and other things to keep them occupied. It was also fairly easy to clean and reassemble. The only thing I'd like to see is this to come in different color options, black would be much more neutral and nicer to look at. Unfortunately both of my ratties have passed away recently but they did really seem to enjoy this cage, and I am definitely holding onto it in case I want more rats in the future.
0,Love these ... keeps my girl from having accidents in the bed at night.  I use a normal sanitary (period) pad inside for extra absorption if needed.
0,Bought it to vent an equipment room that would build up with heat and chemical fumes - much nicer than expected - nice casing - only change is I wish the mounting connection plate was a little larger but we made it work - Very powerful!!!
0,Switched from purina to this for cheaper food. I thought my cats (I have four)  would be picky and not eat it. Nope! They love it.
0,perfect fit
0,Keeps the fish healthy.
0,My dog Mylo loves it!!!
0,It's not me who loves it, it is my pit bull-cur mix. She has a high prey drive and this toy drives her nuts.
0,Great mat. Easy to clean. Color goes with any decor. Large size is much better. I strongly recommend this product.
0,Just right with plenty of growing room for my four month old pit bull. I have washed it twice and dried it. It has held up really well. I would definitely recommend this item.
0,works wonders !!!  our furry babies love it too  ;)
0,We rescued a dog who had a very bad ear infection. My vet said to use this product, because it does not have alcohol in it. She also said to use it when the dog gets wet, such as swimming, bath and etc.
0,This pump is amazing...my 300 gal tank is 10 ft long and it gets water moving thru the whole tank....so well I have 2 of these gyres in there, one at each end on a wave maker switching on every3 minutes and corals look AMAZING!!!!
0,They were not lying when they said this toy was tough and for the most powerful chewers. My 110lb Berner is a gentle giant who loves to chew. She destroys toys and eats ropes in a record amount of time. Even giant Nylabones? Toast with this girl.		I was sick of buying $20 toys claiming to be indestructible that she destroyed within a day. So, I set out to find some really tough toys from a great company who stands behind their product and offers a warranty or guarantee on their products. I stumbled upon West Paw and their toy did NOT disappoint. This toy is VERY hard and tough plastic. She can gnaw at it for hours and hours (and she does) and it looks pristine after every chew session. Well worth the pricetag. They also offer a great guarantee and you don't have to ship them back the ruined toy in order to get your replacement - which is awesome, because if I have to pay for the shipping to return it, why even both when I could just buy another toy? This is a big deal to me. I haven't had to get a replacement, and I don't foresee us needing one anytime in the near future, but it is great to know the option is there.		BONUS: you can stuff treats or peanut butter inside! I like to put a few kibble in it, then fill it with chicken or beef broth (low-sodium!) and freeze it for a few hours. I swear this keeps her occupied for HOURS, plus it cools her off in the summer. No promises that it won't be messy, though!		Would 100% recommend! Next toy I buy for her will definitely be another West Paw chew toy.
0,The cutest collars ever!! Quick turnaround n ship even w personalization. Sooo cute n great quality!!
0,Perfect for a very "hard" chewer!
0,Pricy, but no escaping crickets, so it's worth it.
0,I was happy that this fits the dog.  After reading several reviews, I knew it was better to order a few sizes up.  My Shar Pei mix has around a 30 inch chest.  The colors are cheerful.  This was a first using a pull over type.  The dog seemed to find it comfortable.  I actually purchased this in case there is subzero winter weather to wear as a layer underneath a doggy winter jacket.  It is an okay thickness, but not as thick as I thought it would be.
0,Good
0,Worked well
0,Constantly chewing puppy loves this. Hasnt destroyed it, thats a plus.
0,Nice set up just waiting for my cat to start playing with it
0,My dog and grand dog absolutely love these and go crazy when they hear the package. The bag is a little hard to reseal but I put treats in a plastic container once I open them anyway. For the money this is s good deal and made in USA.
0,I felt like I had to write a review after seeing so many people saying not to buy this cage.  I paid $236 with Prime shipping, and it arrived in a timely manner.  Like others have said, the legs were sticking out of the packaging, but they were not damaged or bent.  They simply tore through the box.  Packaging could be better, but it wasn't enough to ding the product any stars.  You need 2 people to assemble.  My wife and I did it in about 45 minutes.  Instructions are so-so, but easy enough to understand and follow.  Both trays had very minor bends from shipment, but were very easily bent back into shape.  Again, not enough to ding it any stars.  It rolls easily, looks great, and our Pineapple Green Cheek Conure loves it.  She moved right in and loves it.  It comes with 2 size bowls, of which the larger she loves to use to take baths.  Bar spacing is approx. 7/8" and we've had no issues.		It's been set up for a few months now, and still, no complaints.  It cleans easily, fits great into a corner and lets lots of light and air in.  I'm about to order a 2nd one for a Cockatiel we just rescued.
0,Hard to get on but all in all ok
0,He loved this.. One of his favorite toys.. I just put some of his daily food inside and let him work to get his meal.. keeps him busy and lets him "hunt" for his food... use his brain to think.. all around great food puzzle that is durable and long lasting.
0,This is a great product, I use it when I add fish, and do water changes weekly.	Its blue, but is clear when it goes in the tank, and so far my fish are doing great.
0,A wonderful alternative to a collar. No more choking or hurting there neck. Thanks Guys
0,Best smelling and acting cat litter I've found in a long time!
0,After using this product twice, I thought it was quite easy to use and my dog didn't seem to mind having his teeth scaled.
0,Napoleon, my long-haired dachshund, loves his Hol-ee Roller. And why wouldn't he? Bringing it to me usually results in a delicious reward.		This is a great toy for him. He's 14, and I taught him to fetch with this ball that's easy for him to grasp and carry. He never liked Fetch before, because he got tired of carrying things by mouth for more than a few feet.		Now that he understands the concept of fetch, I can ask him to fetch other objects. Hol-ee Roller got us over that training hump. You CAN teach an old dog new tricks!		Hol-ee Roller has a good bounce and roll. Also, you can stuff it with treats to change things up a little.		He's not a chewer, but I never leave it out when he's not supervised, just to be safe.
0,Milk-Bone is a quality product and my dogs enjoy this treat. I love having this large box delivered to my house. I need to order more!
0,Best connectors on the market, I'd say. They twist to lock two tubes together, making them inescapable. They're also attractive as well as functional, and very easy to use.
0,My kitty loves this-great perch for her to look out the window, feel out guests, etc. nice to have her own area and I'm so pleased with the options that she has to chose from for where to go, she doesn't seem to get bored of it at all.
0,There's only one problem with this product that I have found so far. My dogs pounce on these treats like a duck on a junebug. They're the duck, they miss the cookie and I become the junebug. I am currently writing this from a small, cramped space in my closet, hoping they don't find me and stare at me in that way that those twins in The Shining stared at Jack Nicholson, until I cave and give them a cookie just so they won't murder me.
0,Works great for you and your running buddy! I have had no issue with this lease. No more getting tangled in the lease while running! :)
0,My dogs love these, great product
0,Great
0,Delicious!
0,After the first use I was almost in shock at how easy it was to change the water in my tank. It's super simple and pretty easy to use as a one person operation. Can't say enough about how easy this makes to own and take care of my aquarium!
0,my puppy goes to use it everytime.
0,This is the fourth colour I've ordered for this hoodie! Nothing fits my dog so when I found something that does I went a little crazy.		I have a 35lb boxer mix (long lean body, big chest, long legs) and getting her into this hoodie is a quick process. The length hits right at her hip bones and the chest isn't tight (but not loose either). The hood itself is extremely tiny and won't fit on her head but we don't use it anyways.		The material is soft and holds up well in the washing machine. If she wears the sweater for longer periods it will stretch a bit but will shrink back after washing.
0,these are low cost and high quality
0,Very nice toy for my pug - he can grip the rubber exterior with his teeth so he can carry it around and when he settles down with it, he loves the "crunchy sound it makes."  I also love the fact that it did not have a strong smell of rubber.  Definitely a keeper.<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/JW-Pet-Company-Crackle-Heads-Crackle-Ball-Dog-Toy-Small-Colors-Vary/dp/B007ZXJY8E/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">JW Pet Company Crackle Heads Crackle Ball Dog Toy, Small, Colors Vary</a>
0,Love that the handle opens up so you can use it completely flat or just change the size of the loop. Also, each side has different size teeth. Very well thought out design.
0,Just perfect for my 20lbs boston terrier.		Easy to setup and very good quality.  Roller handle is a little light with the larger dog but the backpack works great.		Used for hiking in areas where the dog couldn't easily navigate
0,We bought this magnet because we have a 4 month old Alaskan malamute and he hasn't shed yet but we are preparing ourselves! So far we've tried it on cat hair, on our microfiber couches, and on our bed spread and it's worked great to collect excess hair. It kind of rolls it into an easily collectible ball, it doesn't actually hold the hair like a magnet, but it's a nice tool to have because you can just kind of rake up the excess hair lying around before vacuuming. It will hopefully help my vacuum to have a long life! I recommend this product if you're looking for something to pick up excess hair off your couches or dog bed, even your bedspread or carpets.
0,good stuff
0,Works well.  Cat likes it too.
0,best antler brand i have found.
0,I saw this on the Today show last week and was intrigued. Decided to get for our little lab puppy, who at almost 4 months old, has started to just inhale her food. I have a couple other slo-bowls that are okay, but I love this one. It's too cute for words,which I know doesn't matter at all but still, and it has REALLY slowed her down. I put about two cups of food, with a large splash of water in the bowl for her and I takes her 15 minutes to eat. Going to order one for our boxer because he's feeling very left out.
0,The dogs play with this for hours and love the way it squeaks. I always keep a few extra on hand.
0,my dog loves these, but most places around us only sell packs of 5.  I was so excited to find them in a large quantity.
0,This is perfect for my dog because my nails are weak and opening the rings to switch out his collars break my nails or bend them backwards. Now I can switch his collars with ease.
0,This bed is so good, when my wife gets mad at me I sleep with the dog!
0,Thanks
0,This has been a great product for my dog!  He is able to move much better after using this!  He is also very picky and will not eat with some things mixed into his food. He doesn't seem to know this is there. We haven't had any problem getting him to take it.
0,My 85 lb 2 year old golden retriever/lab mix LOVES this!  Much to my surprise, he carries this huge thing around.  He is an extremely heavy chewer and managed to get enough holes and dents in it to do so.  He makes a whining noise while chewing this which is very strange and somewhat cute, but I have no idea why.  I will definitely replace this when it gets to the point where he's chewing small pieces off, which he does with everything eventually.
0,Love it!
0,Last a long time. If your dog is a chewer you should buy this product.
0,I've been feeding this to two of my cats for the last few months and they really enjoy it. I can feed them less of this I was previously and it keeps them full and happy. Tried other blends from Halo and this one is not my favorite but it is very good.
0,wow does this ever work! Had a problem with an old ill dog and a young rescue dog.  My son even commented on how nice it was working We tried a multitude of things the past year. Nothing helped until Fresh wave.
0,English bulldog puppy loves it. Seems durable and bounces good
0,My dog loves these. Very high value treat.
0,Great shampoo for our dogs.
0,The cats do love this and so it gets 4 stars but the plastic does look a little cheap as does the plant so not all that decorative. We use it as a hide box with a bed and it works well for that purpose.
0,I scoop the litter and it goes into grocery bags and then I put the little bags in the can. This contains the odor better. I keep the can in the garage and the system has saved me many steps to the trash bin especially in bad weather.  I love the Lucky Champ.
0,I just received this package about 3 hours ago and boy does he love it. He jumped right in it and took a nap!	When I first opened the box I said wow this is very nice I love the color and the material felt real good. The most important thing is that it's very soft and feels comfortable. I'm very happy and he seems like he is as well
0,When I saw how big they are I thought no way will my little Elsa eat those. I offered her one, and surprise, surprise, she gobbled it up! She's only 5 months and has gingivitis. I just hope these help a little.		I spoke too soon...the second one I offered her, she didn't want until I shook it up with her favorite freeze dried chicken breasts. Then she ate it.
0,My cat loves this harness.  Only downside is that the neck area was too tall for him and I had to take it apart and cut it down re-sew it on my machine to make it more comfortable for him.
0,Very nice! It's pretty bulky, so unless you definitely need two separate spaces, you may want to consider the single strollers. It's great for housing 2 animals, though!
0,Dual flaps certainly cut down on cold and heat.  Arrived promptly, packaged well and pretty easy to install AFTER reading instructions.
0,These go with the Tidy Cat "BREEZE Cat Pads" consisting of these pellets and replacing weekly, the cat pads (sold separately) . My wife threw the cat box out of the house long ago with a declaration of "Never again!". After our cat rebelled and peed on the bathroom rug, I bought this system. I had to set it up (she refused). After about a month, my wife was a believer! The best part is now SHE cleans out the box more than I do!! I think we have personally convinced about four of our friends who own cats to buy this system, and they have all thanked us.	For our needs, we remove/replace the pad every week and the pellets once a month. As stated, this system is a bit more expensive, but when it comes to NOT SMELLING PET URINE in your house, can you really cut corners?
0,My Golden Girl is almost 7 years old and starting to walk more slowly, come up stairs almost sideways.  Started putting this on her kibble w/ remarkable results, she is bounding up the stairs!  So its really great stuff. . .  But it is e$pensive, and hard to measure using the system on the bottle-which is supposed to be a time save, hence the 4 stars.
0,I paid full price for this item & am leaving this review without being compensated. I got this for my mother Chihuahua and her only surviving puppy of a premature litter of 3. The puppy is blind because of being premature so I needed some kind of enclosure for his safety & to protect my female while I have her ready to be fixed. I got the large size I believe the 40 some inch. It comes with its own bag for storage, it pops open easily, it is very spacious. The top zips open completely, which is very convenient,  there are mesh windows all the way around, two door front and back that zip open all the way around, there is a size pocket for storage like for treats of trash bags, it also comes with spikes to use outside in the grass. I fit a small size dog bed, a large size per pad atop a plastic lee pad holder, multiple toys, a throw blanket and a two sided dog dish, plus my pups have plenty of room to play inside. I have used thus twice now to travel to my mothers to visit it was so much easier to use and to travel with than the large wire pen I used to use. I love this product, in fact I am currently shopping to buy a smaller size of this brand because I want to separate the blind puppy and his mother. Would recommend thus product to any one who wants to have a good enclosure for their fur babies.
0,I bought this out of desperation. We have a very ill cat that has been not sleeping well and is very restless . I thought this might help, and I was very pleased! He is Sleeping! The best he has in a long time!! I highly recommend this. For cats too. I got the big dog instead of the smaller type that are available. I thought the cat could snuggle better with it. And it worked THANKS!
0,Way better then drugs to relax anxiety.
0,My oldest cat is allergic to everything and this food is one of the very few she can eat!  She wouldn't eat this at first (in true cat fashion)...but loves it now.
0,DOG LOVE THEM
0,Great little invention. Little trouble with the clip. Other than that it's great for long walks
0,Works well, currently using it with 75W. Only concern is when first installing it omitted an unpleasent odor for about an hour.
0,My dog loves this toy. I can put treats or her kibble in it. It makes her eat slower and have the work at getting treats. I close it all the way cause she got good at it. It still keeps her busy though. My parents bought them for their dogs too.
0,I make my own dog food and add this in it so they get enough calcium.  As soon as I take this bag out my dogs start going crazy.  They love it.
0,This helped keep my nervous car rider. I gave it too him the first day of a two day trip.  He didn't take any the second day snd there was a noticeable difference in his anxiety.
0,Great shampoo. Used this for my dog who had a really bad allergic and had a bad scaly rash on his stomach and after bathing him twice a week for 2 weeks it was just about gone. I would definitely recommend this shampoo.
0,I have mini-rex bunnies and they love the high sides.  I bought my first one from Tractor supply, but they discontinued them at the store...I was very excited to find it here! A must buy! Very sturdy plastic, and wipes down clean.
0,I bought two of these for my furry babies....for Christmas. They haven't seen them yet. But, I have to tell you they are beautiful! Very soft and cuddly (wish they would stay that way). My pups will loved them to shreds. The quality and size really pleasantly surprised me. I would definitely buy these again. In fact, they are so nice I was tempted to buy some for my grand-babies too :D  Fast delivery too! Thank you so much for the fast delivery too!
0,These Bully Rings last a very long time.  They keep my dog busy for hours.  She'll take a break but she'll always go back to it.  I give my dog a lot of chew sticks to keep her busy while I'm at work and this one last the longest.
0,Please note: I received a free sample for an evaluation and honest review.		When this showed up, the first thing that I did was look at the ingredients (that I don't see listed on the page, but I could be missing them).  They all looked pretty good to me, and they are: purified water, peppermint flavor, spearmint flavor, glycerine, sodium benzoate, potassium sorbate, baking soda, aloe vera extract, and stevia.		Before giving any to my pooch Niki, I tried it myself.  I figured that I'm the one who agreed to review it, so I wasn't going to have her be the first test subject. :)  As you would guess, it tastes kind of minty.  It doesn't have any bad aftertaste or anything, so I decided to give her some.  She was actually pretty good about it (she's used to me using dental wipes on her, though) and let me squirt some in her mouth.  She didn't seem to mind it, which is always the first hurdle.		I'm going with four stars instead of five for two reasons.  The first and primary reason is that the foam "spray" makes it a bit more difficult to administer, at least to Niki.  The foam probably makes it more effective, but it also increases the chances that some is going to either miss her mouth or come out - it has.  So, I wait until she's somewhere that I'm sure it won't hurt the carpet/furniture before giving it to her, as opposed to being able to do it when it's convenient.  The second reason is the price.  The eight-ounce bottle seems like it will last a while, but the current $15 price seems a little steep.  That said, the seller has a 90-day risk free guarantee for folks wanting to try it out.		(A side note - one of the highlights of the product description is that it doesn't contain two known toxins - I sure as heck hope it wouldn't.  :D  Do other dog dental products contain Xylitol?  Hopefully not.  Sorry...it just seemed odd for that to be highlighted so much, as I'd hope it was a given that it wouldn't be harmful to dogs.)		Overall, I think it's a decent product, and the seller's guarantee reduces the financial risk of trying it out for yourself.
0,I havd one happy puppy.
0,Love it, better than i expected.
0,My cats just love Fancy Feast. Up until now one of my cats would not eat moist food, but he loves Fancy Feast.  I need to put Forta Flora on his food and the only way it works is to give him Fancy Feast. He has a digestive problem and this is the only way I can correct it. I just call both of my cats and say "Fancy Feast" and they come running. I think my cats are human at times because they seem to understand. This is the first time that I have purchased this product through Amazon, but will continue to do so in the future. It is so convenient to have it delivered to my door and the price is better than I could have purchased it locally!!!
0,Came in 10 degree  temps and is doing fine 2 weeks later.
0,This is a fabulous solution for walking a cat.  It is practical,,stylish and easy to put on my Georgie Girl. The different sizes  also allow for a comfortable adjustment and fit.
0,I'm glad to see another dry cat food produced without the filler so common in other cat foods. Obviously, corn and wheat are cheaper than good quality meat. But cats really are primarily carnivorous. It's very likely, according to our vet, that the recent surge in dog and cat diabetes (and associated problems) is due in large part to the widespread inclusion of low-quality grain products in a food which really should not have much of them at all. Science Diet Grain Free cat food is very palatable to our cats, and they do not seem to be having difficulty digesting it.
0,My dogs love it and it's a better bargain than most other high quality dog foods.
0,haven't tasted it..... but a good product with the right price...
0,Excellent fly mask, the Velcro closures are fantastic.  Also like the web trim.
0,It's taking awhile for our dogs to use the stairs. The problem is they move a bit on our hardwood floor, so I just ordered grippers to keep the stairs more stable.
0,My pet rats love taking this apart.
0,This keeps my dogs water from freezing & seems durable
0,Fish seem to like it,Me too
0,perfect, same quality as pet stores but much cheaper
0,Great harness. My dachshund says it is very comfortable. Easy to wash, easy to put on. Looks great on my pup!
0,doggy is happy!
0,Great value for the price.  Works perfectly for our dog.  Easy to clean.
0,Cat likes looking out window and this is new perch for him in our new home.  had a little trouble getting it level on the window sill, but happy with the overall ease of installation.  I do recommend using the screws to attach.
0,Purchased for 3 month German Shepherd. With positive coaxing and praise, he finally gets it. Awesome!
0,This item works well for my Fluval Spec V. I wanted something that measured the temperature but wouldn't be the main focal point of the tank. This does the job well. It's hard to see the exact temperature, so I wouldn't recommend if you are placing this in a tank that needs to be within a certain degree mark.
0,great product
0,My clown loaches love these so much that they eat them right out of my fingers! Good quality and consistency in this product.
0,My German Shepherd weighs 110 lbs so I got the XL and it fits like a glove! As you can see he's a handsome boy sporting orange! Easy to see if he falls in the Canal or Ocean! I gave him some training in the pool to give him confidence of the jacket. He's a 1 1/2 yrs old and stills chases and plays hard. Jumping onto our boat is a safety precaution and those handles on the back has many purposes! Nice quality too!
0,Arm & Hammer good quality litter @ a great price.
0,I love but only 1 of 2 ferrets will use with the grill on! Thank
0,my 9 year old cat loves these. We just bought to try and it was a great buy!
0,Works great to transport my Pom in but it is a little big as she is still a puppy and only 3 lbs.
0,Sturdy, shiny & nicely engraved ID tag for my dog.
0,I have this sitting in a bucket which I use to circulate clweaner then sanitizer, then water through the three lines on my beer tap system. Quiet and works well.
0,Good idea. I did this on my own years ago and these guys ran with the idea, it works. Dogs like to chew the ribbon, get the strongest available.
0,Item is smaller than I anticipated.
0,Good secure attachment to crate.		It sits at a slight slant in the frame, so you can't go 100% full.		Pay attention better than I did to the 8oz size.  It's more like a rabbit or tiny dog size.  Too small for my 40 pound dog, yet their description is accurate if you actually read it.
0,Great Bargin, Excellent fit
0,Great Price ......But I'm giving it a three because of how much dust it gives off. Not only when I pour it out, but also when my cat uses it ......
0,My four year old sister Siamese cats ate most of it. I like to vary their diets so that in old age they won't be picky eaters. I will be ordering  this again.
0,Very cute. My dog ruined the material scratching her neck but I expected it for the price and previous purchases. I have their leashes also.
0,Great for my small terriers.  It was difficult to find the extra small until I found them on Amazon.  They fit perfectly in their mouths, and they of course love the squeak factor.
0,I love it almost as much as my dog does. I got this for him when he was teething, and he literally still sleeps with it every night, in his mouth wrapped around his nose. There are not many toys that I can give my dog, even the kevlar reinforced toys magically turn into a pile of cotton within minutes, but this one is now is oldest toy.
0,This our fur-baby favorite treat.
0,I loved it but my dog loved them even more. if he had to rate he would be giving it ten stars.
0,My dog loves this, although it is a little to big if you follow the measurments
0,Cats eat it I'm happy
0,grinds easley
0,Like many reviewers, I was really surprised by the way this inexpensive, simple toy makes my 2 cats go berserk! They LOVE it! Heeding other reviewers' comments about safety, I am careful about using it and don't leave it out for them to play with unsupervised. I even put a little duct tape on the metal ends just in case. I keep it in my closet and each morning as I get ready for work, my cats eagerly await the time I brush my teeth, because that is when I play with them with this toy. My one cat runs to the closet door when he hears me start brushing and the other one comes around too. They jump and pounce and stalk and chase. My younger cat does backflips and even my fat cat will jump at it, so it is great exercise for them! My cats have many other more expensive toys but this little thing is by FAR their favourite. Santa Cat gave it to them at Christmas and it lasted about 3 months with daily play (the cardboard pieces got too chewed up) so I got a new one. Awesome toy!
0,Total hit with the cats!
0,All my other pups have the Loving Pets Bella Bowl Dog Bowl, and I was concerned when the place where I had purchased them no longer carried them in their catalog. I was excited when I found it being sold here on Amazon. The quality of these bowls is awesome. I have had 2 of them for 2 years and they still maintain their color and design. I place my in the top rack of the dishwasher. I would recommend this to any pet owner.
0,I LOVE this stuff. I first purchased this product at Tractor Supply because it was on sale. I used to live in an apartment complex so my two dogs would play with about 10 other dogs daily, it was a dog oriented community and we loved it. Of course they got a lot of fleas within the first few days, bad enough to where there were fleas in the house and in my bed, so I had to try something. I didn't want to pay the outrageous $40 for the good stuff, so I figured I'd give this a shot. I have one dog who is about 15 lbs, and another who is about 35-40 lbs. So I got this to use with both of them. It was amazing. Within a day, if not hours, all the fleas were GONE, from my pets, my house, my bed (thank god!) and the product actually smells pretty good. An orangish, citrus smell. My dogs don't like when it's applied but I think thats because they don't like the squeezing noise when you apply it. overall, great product. It's the only thing i will ever buy in the future, plus it's a great price!
0,I love it. My only complaint is that the material on it is kind of thin and flimsy. I worry how it will look in six months with four cats running all over it. Aside from that, its great! Getting lots of use and no more fights over the couple smaller condos I have.
0,My furbaby loves this bed at night she sleeps sound and its easy to remove the outer cover and wash. I removed the inner pillow put that in a pillow case and the in her crate as a pillow. Two for one.  She's a senior 13 yrs young and as you can see she's very comfortable.  She will sleep all curled up in a ball or stretched out across.  Would definitely order again!! Great quality and well made!!
0,Love them
0,I have two cats - a male Siamese and a female Maine Coon. We recently had to switch our Siamese over to wet food from the dry kibbles he has eaten for years due to urinary tract crystal formation. He loves the Fancy Feast garden medleys, but the cost was prohibitive, so I was searching for a cheaper alternative. When I saw that the Whiskas variety pouches were one of the cheapest available, I had my doubts but ordered them nonetheless.	My Maine Coon won't touch it, but my Siamese loves it! So I keep buying it for him, and give her something else. He eats it readily and has had no further urinary tract issues. Admittedly, any wet food would have helped that problem, but I am happy that he likes something that is affordable.
0,Turned my dogs into lunatics. They love it waay too much.
0,Great little costume and durable!
0,Great cage to put an indoor cat outside for some fresh air.  Too small for dog, maybe a small puppy.  Sturdy.
0,very nice
0,Dogs Love it  and has cleared up dry skin
0,very good for 2 litter box, no mess.  i love it,,
0,The small size fits my 8 1/2 lb dog perfectly. The quality is very nice and breathable.
0,Even though this dog bed was obscenely expensive, I'm glad I purchased it for my 18 lb, 10 yr old rescue dog.  I ordered the large size which takes up alot of floor space, but he moves alot in his sleep and likely covers the whole bed at least once during the night.  This is thick, dense foam and he likes it so much, he'll climb into the bed whenever we're in the bedroom and he's waiting for me. Plus, he enjoys the rim around the sides.  It makes a good place for Benny to prop his head and he does that quite often.
0,My cat's favorite bed..even though it is two sizes too small for her..she crams her big furry self on there and just loves it!!  She has three beds the other two way bigger but this teeny one is her favorite..
0,My bulldog loves this.  I love that he can play with it by himself.  Frenchies have a habit of bringing their slimy chews for a human to hold at the right angle.... And this is perfect for solo use.  If I could offer a recommendation - would be nice to have a slightly shorter shaft for French Bulldog shaped dogs.  Henry really chews up into the air while using this toy and gulps in a bit more air this way than when he plays with his other chews.  And.... Air in must come out.... So... There's that.  But yay. I will buy these again and again and am telling all my dog lover friends how cool they are.
0,My dogs just loved these and i think i may have to reorder these and put them in there stockings.
0,had to buy two bc the cat and the dog fight over it...now everyone is happy!
0,Lily has had Royal Canin products since she was a puppy. She is thriving at seven years, so I have no reason to change her diet. Price as good as from the pet stores.
0,At the recommendations of friends- I got these for my CATS. :) They're actually the same as the cat treats in a bigger bag. I break them up a little with my fingers, cat's love them.
0,Disappointed it is being discontinued.  My dog does well on it
0,Even though I despise plastic plants, it is my only choice with silver dollars, but this looks great (for a plastic plant) in my tank.
0,These treats are not jerky treats but they area bisquit shaped treats made out of duck and brown rice. I can finally break my dogs habit of wanting the duck jerky made in China. The Plato treats break up easily to give my older little dogs. I watched them for a few days and no stomach upsets with these treats. I will buy again.
0,Ingredients:  DogFoodAdvisor.com gives 5 out of 5 stars (based on ingredient content), which is the highest rating given.  Wellness Core Reduced Fat canned contains 11% protein and 3.5% fat (not adjusted for moisture by weight), which makes it a protein centered diet food.  This product has the best protein/fat/carbohydrate ratio I found in a wet food to meet the nutritional goals for my (formerly) overweight dogs.		Observations:  My 6 year old Golden Retrievers adapted favorably to this food. The texture and smell are pleasing (at least to the human eye and nose), and the dogs seem to enjoy the taste.  I utilize the canned food basically as a topper, and mix with the Wellness Core Reduced Fat dry food (or Premium Edge Healthy Weight I dry food).  I switched to grain free foods after the female experienced an acute case of Pancreatitis (which she has not had any flare-ups or GI upsets while on WC).  Wellness Core Reduced Fat is one of only three canned varieties for which the dogs have never had any digestive upsets (the other two are By-Nature 95% Chicken and Whole Earth Farms Adult Recipe).  Both dogs have lost a significant amount of weight since starting their new diet, but since I switch canned foods occasionally and feed the canned with a dry kibble, the most sure thing I can say is that Wellness Core Reduced Fat canned has not had any adverse effect on their weight loss efforts.		Bottom Line:  This product typically costs in the range of $0.18/oz, placing it in the middle price range for high end grain free canned foods.  I have begun to lean more toward By-Nature 95% Chicken and Whole Earth Farms Adult Recipe, simply for the cheaper price of those products.  If not for the higher price, I would use the Wellness Core Reduced Fat canned food exclusively, because it does have less fat than those products.
0,Love it works great on my German shepherd
0,I know it is a poop box...but can't say enough good things about it.  I no longer have to put puppy pads under their litter boxes due to one cat aiming a little too high.  I loved the first box so much, I bought a second one.  Cats 'christened' them both within an hour of being available.
0,This was great while our Pup grew, now that she is bigger it is too light weight.  This thing works very well, if you need a leash these are great!
0,cat loves it
0,Favorite toy! Sturdy, well made and really fun. This toy does it all- provides fetch, tug-of-war, great  chewing area, easy to grip, and cleans up easy. Would make a great gift, too!
0,Great price for all those batteries!
0,I bought two of these balls a small and large one. They are soft and sturdy enough to bite and bite. My dogs love them especially the smaller ball. The larger ball is for larger dogs, its a little too big for my shih tzus to play with, but believe me that doesn't stop them from playing with it. I will be ordering another small one so they don't fight, lol! I also love the fact that they can't break through the plushness since its made so well. I recommend this plush ball.
0,My dogs like it and it is reasonably priced
0,I love this bedding for my hedgehog! It's much cheaper than in store and always arrives quickly with Prime. It expands so much and absorbs water and urine pretty well. I clean the cage about once a month and spot clean once a week.
0,I have such a love-hate relationship with this litter. It IS a very dusty, expensive litter, but it also contains odors and scoops well. I experimented with other litters to see if there were any cheaper or less dusty alternatives, but none of them could contain odors and maintain scoopability. Whatever EverClean's secret is, it is well maintained from the competitors and keeps me coming back.		The other reason I docked a star is that purchasing on Amazon is gamble. Half the time, the box is damaged and littler is everywhere. Only once has it been to such an extreme that I needed to return it. Keep in mind that returning litter is not an easy matter, and a little lost litter isn't worth the hassle. Most of damaged incidents were able to at least contain the lost litter in the outer box, in which I just poured it into the litter box.
0,loves it
0,I bought this for my dog. He has the Hipster disease of Celiacs. I tried to tell him that free dogs do not get to have weird diseases but he seems to not understand what I am saying. He loves this stuff and has no related digestive items.
0,I won't give my dogs rawhide chews, based on my veterinaran's cautionary warning, but occasionally I like to give them something to chew on. They all love these Smart Sticks, however, I am concerned that they are almost pure sugar, so they are a rare treat. I understand that the sugar hardens to make a nice chew, but yet dissolves to eliminate worrisome undigestible chunks in their guts. I can't think of anything that would be better, but I will still limit their access. But if my dogs had their druthers, they would eat them every day! 5 stars from my dogs, but since I get to write the reviews, I give them 4 stars.
0,This is the best pet safe ice melt available. Yup, it costs more than the others but that's because it works. This one melts the ice even at night or when there's is no sunlight.
0,My dogs really liked this.  Loved the crinkles.  Not sure if I like the crinkle sound or not...I kept getting up to see what they were playing with.  Lasted longer than most toys.  Pups should enjoy this toy.
0,Not a lot to say, clean filter equals happy beta. These fit our Aqueon 2.5gallon tank and appear to filter just fine for a little tank like this.
0,This is the perfect muzzle for my little Yorkie whose 11 lbs and chases after my big hound dog. He has plenty of room to pant, take snacks and a drink while still not being able to nip. It goes on and off easy and I'm very happy with it.		I'm adding a pic of my dog for sizing. She has a 3" snout and 10" around and wears a size 3. It gives room for my fingers giving space to give treats and room for her to move. It stays on secure but it's loose enough for comfort.		She likes to eat poop and food off the ground and is scared of other dogs running towards her.  She becomes reactive out of fear so this muzzle covers it all.
0,This is the only brush I have bought that actually takes all of the shedding fur out of my rabbits coats!  This is a life saver!  Especially with a big French lop that is prone to getting blocked up from grooming his insane year-round shedding coat!  Just lightly comb through the coat, no need for any pressure at all, can cause damage to the delicate skin if you press too hard!  (He always is the worst shedding around his little bum and he's so big he can't reach very well, so I was focused really hard on getting all of the sheds out and he got a little scrape because I went over the area too many times with too much pressure!)
0,I was so glad these are still sold!  I had them years ago and love them as the cats can carry them and play with them quietly at night!
0,These were really great when I first got them but had to be sharpened after a couple months
0,looks nice and holds my pet food well!
0,Freeze dried liver. My dog loves them, and I love giving them to him. The first bucket I bought had nice big pieces,  the second had a lot of tiny slivers. If the pieces were cut a little more uniformly, I'd have given these 5 stars
0,Works pretty good
0,Pricey but worth it.
0,Lifetime supply of dog poop bags.
0,this is the best interactive toy I have found for my cat.  He loves it so much and when one wears out I order two more, so he always has a spare.  he never tires of playing with it so its a daily routine for us.
0,This treat toy is better than most I've tried.  My dog loves playing with it, even though it was easy to figure out.  The toy is stable and well built, so it stands up to regular use without sliping or tipping over, which would scare my dog away.
0,Extremely informative book.  Get a bit lost on medical terms but this book has really helped me understand my reflux problem.
0,I have been using Advanced Ultra Absorbent Pads, for quite a while and they work better than any pads that I  have used in soaking up liquid.
0,This produce works but my turtles like to pick at it and eat the blocks.  So it lasts only about a week.  You need to find a place to hide these in the tank so that the turtles don't have access to it and it can last and do it's job in the tank.  So be warned about them treating this as a snack!
0,My Rottie's LOVE this and we have had it for a few months now, they are heavy chewers, and it has lasted! Still going strong!
0,My 2 budgies love it. They sleep in it. Its so cute
0,We have large dogs and mix this with dry food. The dogs love it. We have one finicky eater and she is good with this food.
0,EDIT/UPDATE 07/'16 :  I still have this after two years, but one thing I noticed is that the wire framing (sort of like a very rigid coat hangar) on the top (right where the top opening flap and the side flap zippered openings meet), the wire frame broke through the plastic covering and is sticking out and exposed inside the carrier. Since it's on the top of the inside (sort of in the inside seam of the carrier), I'm not concerned that it will poke my little buddy or that he'll get hurt, but it's just a matter of time I'm guessing before the wire frame busts through the other parts of the carrier. I'm still using this for very short trips (to my friend's apartment down the block or to the vet) and I still think it's a good value for the price, but it's definitely showing its "wear".		Original Review:  Bottom line is that my cat really doesn't like any travel bags because it means he's going to the vet, so getting him into ANY travel bag is a chore. That said, for about $35, I got a pretty decent cat travel bag: both side and top openings, nice zippers and velcro closures, mesh windows all around except for one small side in the back (which instead has a mesh folder allowing me to slip in papers or other thin/small items...nice touch.  I got the large which is not too big (so I can still sort of carry with the shoulder strap), but is still roomy enough to still give my 10 lb cat room to relax or move a bit. Almost all of the other "large" sized carriers are only 19" in length, while this is 20" and it seems to make a difference		I also like the fact that it's a soft-sided bag, but still has some support which helps it keep its shape. Also, this is airline carry-on compatible since it's soft-sided and will collapse under a seat as needed during takeoff and landing (though I truly cannot imagine taking him on a flight when I can just about get him in my building elevator without him going absolutely ape-sh#t). The one very slight negative is that the plush, faux-mink padded bottom (which is detachable so you can remove the cover for washing) is held in place to the bottom of the carrier with only one small piece of velcro, so once my cat is squirming a bit, the padded bottom sometimes ends up pushed a bit to the side if I'm not careful during carrying; it would be better if there were velcro attachments on all four sides of the bag and cushion to keep the cushion from shifting so easily (you may want to try and attach your own additional velcro), but I'm living with it for now and simply being a bit more careful when I'm carrying the bag.		Since my cat is pretty gentle and I'll only be using this bag for short trips to the vet or carrying it on my lap, I'm not too worried about him tearing through the side-view mesh with his claws or teeth, but I have seen other reviews where folks had some concern that the mesh can be torn fairly easily with a more aggressive or active cat. The Sherpa carrier (large) appears to have zippers attached to more sturdy material, but it's almost double the price and it's only 19" in length.		Anyway, overall very happy with the purchase and would buy again.
0,My furniture belongs to the humans again. Thank you! My dogs do not approach the couch. They now use their seating and I cn entrtain guest in real seats.
0,Nicely made.  Like the way it connects and attaches to lead.
0,My cat loved this and chowed down on itso that is good. They are medium size bits and seem easy to digest. I am concerned about pet chow that is raised in China as we had some problems with our dog with a chew from China. But I do wonder about essentially creating pet foods that seem more like they are for health-conscious humans yet have no certification or ways to determine if these claims are true. It might be true that the salmon used on this product are wild but how do I know? I suspect that fraud is pretty standard in human food production. so why wouldn't it be in pet food? I am way past believing a company's claims. If it important to have clean pet foods and they want us to believe them they need to establish reputable certification processes. I take off one star for this lack of credibility.
0,My puppy was having some stomach problems with previous dog food, so on a whim I tried this out! Her stomach problems went away and she's digesting the food better than ever! I love the ingredients and that it's so healthy. I recommend this food to any doggy owner!
0,My dog loves it, so I'm happy! Am currently using this as a "reward toy" for my GSD. I think it would be better suited for a smaller dog, but it still is great and holding up well! I got in during a Amazon Gold deal sale, which made it even better!
0,This is a must for any dog owner.	I put her harness on her then put safety belt through the back loop.	We don't go any where with out it.	She would ride in my lap if I let her this could easily get us both hurt.	With her in her harness and buckled she stays in her seat and is safe.
0,The vet ordered these for my dog when she once had diarrhea. I add them to her food now to avoid any loose stools. I am a big advocate of probiotics.
0,Thank You!!!  Everything was great....exactly what I ordered.
0,Our 70 lb mix breed loves to go for walks but he does not walk nicely with a normal collar and leash. I tried a chest harness and that did not help the pulling much then got this gentle leader - what a difference!  He isn't happy when he tries to pull and can't but eventually learned that we are just walking  He sits nice and allows me to put it on because he knows he gets to go for a walk.		I am very happy with the gentle leader
0,Great brush! Well-made and feels comfortable in the hand.
0,make sure you pick out the correct size
0,the other filter I had was not strong enough to keep my tank clean...this one seems to work great.  would buy again if I had to
0,I have a two year old husky, needless to say he destroys toys very quickly. This ball has lasted him for over 8 months and is still going strong. It has it's battle marks and scars, that's for sure, but still works just fine and it is still one of his favorite toys.
0,Our German Shepherd loves his "porki". He doesn't chew it heavily, so can't attest to its durability, but when he does chew on it, the squeaker still works after 3 months.
0,Great light for the money. I have a 125 with glass tops.	General lighting is ok for my fish.	I got this 24" to use in the middle of the tank where I have a java fern on a stand, so it is closer to the light.	I have a B.M.L. XB on the side where I needed high par.		I like the size and design of this light. Much smaller footprint than some other LED lights.	I would definitely recommend this Finnex to others.	I need more time to evaluate if the fixture helps my java fern.		Update 1/13/15:	I took some measurements...the Finnex is sitting on the glass (no legs).	It is 13.5 inches to the gravel where my java fern resides.	The fern is about 5 inches tall.	The java fern has slowly filled out in the last month with this LED.	One more month and it may be back to where it was before I started to change to LED lighting!	:)
0,My cat love it.
0,Not so much I love it as the Cat does
0,My favorite dog accessory! I absolutely suck at throwing tennis balls for my dogs. I don't know why my dogs even enjoyed playing fetch before I bought one of these Chuck-It arms. Now I can play fetch for hours without my arm getting tired, and the ball soars through the air like never before. Everyone who sees me with this thing wants one of their own after watching how awesome it is.
0,The product is as described.  We used this to cover our doggie padding, then covered the covers with fitted baby crib sheets (1 folded over itself fits well).  The labeling is obvious, so we know which side is the waterproof side.  I'm not sure I'd trust my pups to use this product alone (without another cover), though, as it seems they'd probably rip into it pretty easily.
0,I love this little carrier. I have a Yorkie and ordered her a M and she fit perfect in it.  I got her the purple one. I am happy that I received it on time and it's also very good quality.
0,Even after only a couple days the dog dandruff had dissipated significantly.  It smells great, very fresh. The only problem seems to be that... I bought to be for monthly use, but I've been using it daily. Need to cut back!
0,Good product and at much better price then at my local  pet store.
0,I was told by many people to get this for my Bichon's eyes.  I looked how much it was and thought how expensive it was. (in pet stores) I tried so many home remedies over the years NOTHING worked for me well my Bichon. So  I was at the pet store and I came upon this while looking for something else and thought I am getting it.. It was a small bottle for $26.00 But  I wanted to see if it really worked. within a week I was noticing a difference. by the time the bottle was done. I was totally amazed.  I went on here and bought triple for $28. Her eyes are 98% white. I am so Amazed. I wish I had a before and after photo... A MUST FOR WHITE DOGS. PLUS I started giving my Yorkie some, not as much as my Bichon.  Her  eyes always had a big gob of sleepers  and now she hardly gets them... TRUST ME PEOPLE, I am a sceptic, BUT THIS WORKS, YOU GET YOUR MONEYS WORTH	There is nothing to compare with this... NOTHING...BUY IT................
0,Item came in super quick for being personalized, I did Black with orange thread - thinking/hoping it stands out better than the other colors.  Easy to read and looks nice!
0,just fine
0,like it
0,My dog had yeast overgrowth on her skin and was licking and scratching the irritated skin. This shampoo has seemed to help get her skin back to normal.
0,Beautiful, well-constructed product.  Love it, the dogs voted WOOF (yes!) also!
0,Great snack
0,After installing a new canister I started having problems with the clarity of the water in my fish tank.	This was a name brand canister with great reviews from Amazon buyers who had purchased this unit. LOL!	I tried changing the water and various types of media. I researched the internet for known causes of funky water.	Nothing worked for me. This purchase was my last resort.  The mixed reviews I was skeptical but the majority of	reviews said it works so I took a chance.		Well guess what? After less then one day I started seeing the water was clearing. By the fourth day it was so clear I could drink from it.		It is a large unit. The air intake makes noise but if you do not need bubbles in your water then it can shut off.		The instructions suck. I researched on the internet that a slow water flow is better since it exposed the water to more light.
0,My pup with separation anxiety has finally found a respite with this carrier. We do not use the handle on top to carry the thing, but if we did, the top lid would open. Dangerous! We knew this going in after reading reviews, but since we didn't plan to use this kennel to carry our dog, it wasn't a big deal. We will fasten the top lid with something, however, for safety reasons.
0,Good product. Fleece rather than cotton. Good fit in the crate it was made for. I think most pets will like these in their crates as opposed to an old blankett or something.
0,He's not super interested in it like I hoped he would be. He loves balls
0,Smells sooooo good!! Worked well.
0,I have a 9 year old miniature schnauzer.  I started giving her these vitamins and when she plays, it's almost like she's a young pup again.  I've definitely noticed an increase in her energy levels.
0,Wasn't what I expected didn't fit in with my other plants in my 100 gal so I put it in my 10gal with my mini lobster and it looks nice and he loves dragging it around.
0,I got these for my cats & my tiny yorkie, for my sisters cat and also for my friends pets. They are really great! Every one has been working perfectly and no problems with a single one. Very pleased! I put the one for my pup in a box to shield him from the ceiling fan and air conditioner blowing full blast. He used to shiver while he was sleeping, but this thing keeps him toasty warm, to where he sprawls out on it and isn't always curled up in a ball. He seems to be much more comfortable with the heat this provides.
0,For everyday or staple moist food, both my cats and I am very pleased with this product.  Never had a problem with the product, pull tab, or price.
0,I have a four legged poo disposal system, aka Great Dane. I soooo wish I could get him to stop, but he seems to be a fan of all deterants we've tried! These Pedigree Dentastix are great to clean up his nasty mouth! I cannot live without them!
0,This fits my dog crate just right and my puppy loves the softness of the fleece. It's also easy to wash & dry.
0,These are well made bowls and they work well in my dog's crates, but the only problem I have is that they do not easily snap out of the holder. This is good for preventing my dogs from accidentally spilling their water, but makes for a wrestling match when I have to pull out the bowl to refill or clean, especially if there is still water in the bowl.
0,Soft, but sturdy. Incredibly easy to put on. Works well for a large sheepdog who cannot have pressure on her neck.
0,Nice pair. Cuts cleanly. Nice and sharp.
0,I have another couple of these containers.  I find they are so handy in storing whatever besides pet food.  I got this one to store my bunny items - so they are out of the way but easy to get to when needed.  They have wheels which helps so you can just move it around where you need it.  The top secures well and so food stays fresh and it's great for all my pet's odd and ends to keep them at hand but out of site!
0,This is pricey for the amount of food you get.  They are single dose packages that have a delicious-looking portion of shredded chicken, beef and carrots, just like people would eat.  Also included is a generous amount of broth, which I put on top of the dry food I give my dogs.  They loved it.  However, I did find the package difficult to open, and when I did, I spilled broth both times because of a sudden release from the tear away top.  Also, I had to scrape out the remains from the inside of the package.  I would expect it to be easy to open, and all the contents fall out when tilted.
0,getting ready to reorder this.  My Quaker usually throws out the seed he doesn't like but enjoys this.  Of course he gets fruit and veggies too.  Mr. Picky has found his brand!  So has Ms. Beko Owner!
0,Not only does this pop-up as it's supposed to--but I can actually get it to close down and FIT back into the carry sack. That's a first.	It also held my foster kittens and kept them from running muck. Which kittens will do. And then they get lost, and you can't find them....
0,Last pretty long given that my lab chews it daily
0,My 2 Dogs LOVE this stuff. I  initially purchased this because my little chihuahua was having anal gland issues but my Dachshund shephard mix loves the flavor! I used to have to mix some people food in his bowl because he is spoiled. I feed them Blue dog food from chewy. Now  alls I have to do is add  this firm up Pumpkin to there food a little water and there good to go. I really do mean there good to go because it really did help with the anal gland issue. I will be purchasing this item again. Thank you!
0,There is our second of these collars and we really like them. We have a black dog and of all the lighted collars we've tried this gives the most viability to cars, but also for us just letting her out in the yard at night. Really nice product,
0,Great price.  Dogs love them.
0,My cats love this flavor. I bought it for my cat with IBS and he does well with it.  My other cats also seem to like the taste as well.  if your cats are like mine feeding time is a dim sum buffet.
0,Purchased this to help our goldendoodle digest a little better by not having to bend over to the floor to eat. Sizing is accurate, bowls work well. Has been durable for a few months now. Easy to clean if it gets dirty. Good buy!
0,.'*`*Highly Recommended! Pleasure to do Business with!.'*`* 5 Stars! .'*`*
0,No doubt an awesome litter scooper! I've only had my cat 4 months and this is my 3rd one. The first was plastic and I hated it. The second was metal and I loved it until the handle broke off. Yes, the handle broke off! I read the reviews very carefully on this one before I ordered it. So far it is making my job easier and my cat is much happier. The shovel is definitely deep, scoops and sifts much better than others, less "gunk" sticks, and it really is heavy-duty. Plus, the nice fat, rounded handle makes it easier on my hand with arthritis.
0,Bought for cost and cat loved it. Gave it 4 stars because it contained a lot of grain and have since done better research on healthy foods. Prefer a cat food that is grain free.
0,quick shipping........good quality..........not very challenging for my dog
0,Very pretty, seems to have the good quality chain that I was looking for. Less quality chains have left stains on my dogs neck. These are reflective and soft. Love this type of collar, won't slip off and stays loose enough for comfort.	much better to have the chain instead of nylon. slight Chain noise gives dog opportunity to respond on their own before you have to give a correction.
0,Put this stuff on the carpet and kill all those pesky odors! Works truly great!
0,My dog figured this out very quickly but she always enjoys sniffing for treats with it! She lifts the flaps, then spins the tray and really has fun with it.
0,Not just my placos but my two pacos and Oscar love this
0,These pads are very economical because of their heavy weight. You use fewer than with the lighter weight ones.
0,My kitty cat was puking up lovely little treats for me every few days. I switched to this stuff and I haven't had to clean up a puke since. One millions stars!
0,My dog loves these little biscuits and will suffer a great many horrors, including nail trimmings, baths, and going to his kennel, to get them.  We like that they are healthy for him and not too high in calories.  Also, they are just the right size to stuff in his Kong for some chewing fun.		I keep them in a glass jar on the counter-top and have had to tell several of my human friends that they are dog biscuits.  Everyone seems to think that they are for people!
0,My dogs love these treats
0,Really help my foster kittens learn how to use the litter. Went from accidents every day to nothing completely trained. Is a must when foster kittens and trying to make sure they are well rounded and good to go to a new home
0,I eventually threw the house away but my dogs still love the little dog toys the best even when the squeakers go out.
0,I have a 65 gallon tank for my turtle and just hadn't been able to find any filters that would keep her water clean. I had 3 different filters in my tank and I was cleaning them every week but still couldn't keep it clean. I decided to give an external filter a try. I researched for a few weeks and settled on this one. I couldn't believe how easy it was to set up and how quickly it cleared my tank. I have been able to cut down my cleanings to once a month and they're even easier since you can disconnect the entire unit without ever touching water.
0,Cute little toy that so far has stood up to the aggressive chewing that my dog puts it through.
0,These are great. I have four cats and two dogs... Need I say more?
0,Shipping was fast, A+++ but the product itself is hard to load with the hay and my pigs will move it up and it falls off the side of the cage.
0,My cat would probably only give this two stars, but I love it. It's much easier to put on than other harnesses I've tried. Both the collar and the back part have buckles so you don't have to struggle to pull it over kitty's head. It's also very easy to adjust, even while the harness is on, so that your cat is both safe and comfortable because both the collar area and the bit that goes under the belly are easily shortened or lengthened.  My cat is 13 lbs, so I bought the large size and it fits him quite well. It only takes a few seconds to take on or off, but my cat is the most laid-back cat on the planet, so YMMV.		Despite what my cat may tell you, it really only took 3-4 wearings for the lead weight to disappear. If you've ever tried to put a harness on a cat, you know exactly what I mean. If you haven't, cats seem to think that harnesses are made of lead. Most are instantly flattened to the ground due to the oppressive weight. (My cat never did accept the vest style harness.)		Best of all, I think my boy looks quite handsome with this harness.
0,Works over our crate and happy with the quality.  Washes well
0,very tough.  dogs love it.
0,All the cats love it!
0,So my bunny doesn't really care for these but my chinchilla loves them so I'm ordering him more lol
0,Works amazing
0,This stuff works great in my Bissell Proheat.  Just a little bit of this stuff goes a long way so this bottle will last a long time.
0,perfect size for training
0,Well, just to let you know off the bat - this is the first harness I have ever used, so I am not a harness aficionado. I decided to get one for my chihuahua; I had just rescued her and noticed that she sometimes made a coughing or hacking sound during or after walks. I looked up the symptoms and found out that with smaller breeds of dogs, it can be harmful to them to walk them by putting the leash on their collar. The pull at their neck can cause tracheal damage or even tracheal collapse! Yikes!		So, immediately after discovering that, I researched different harnesses extensively. This harness had excellent reviews from a variety of different sources. I purchased it in the purple color. It's cute! It doesn't fit my chihuahua perfectly, but it works perfectly fine. I have to be careful because if my dog is being stubborn and doesn't want to walk and I try to gently tug her, she can pull back and wriggle out of this sometimes. But that has very rarely happened.		It's a simple, cute little harness. Very easy to use. And make sure you use the same fitting rule you would use for a collar. Rule of thumb to make sure a collar fits properly is to be able to fit two fingers underneath it. If you're unable to slip two fingers under the collar, it's too tight. If you're able to fit two fingers under the collar very easily and have wriggle room, it's too big. So, use that same rule for this harness - two fingers should be able to slip under the rope that goes around the dogs' waist snugly. And if you have a chihuahua or other small breed, be sure to get a harness, and never tug at their collar, so they don't suffer tracheal damage!
0,This is nice - makes emptying/refilling tank water a whole lot easier. A word of caution - don't make the same mistake I did: When refilling and tank is full, you CANNOT shut water off at the tank-end of this device - it can't withstand street-pressure and blew apart the sink-end connector (which I replaced and it's working great again).
0,Our new dog pulls like a train and is stronger than I could manage with a regular leash. A dog trainer friend recommended this product and it works like a charm. The neck end is the brakes and the chest end is the steering wheel to redirect her when she starts to bound off to greet another dog out for a walk. If you have a big dog, weak arms/shoulders, or both, I highly recommend this leash.
0,Great product, though it still slides off whenever my pug walks.  However, I found a great solution using my pug's body collar to keep from sliding off.  I wrap each side strap to sides of collar then secured to the velcro.  I purchased a large, a little to big, but now fits perfectly with his body collar!  My pug is now 12 years with incontinence so this helps a great deal and he's comfortable using it.  See pictures.
0,We took a long trip recently that required us to bring the cat along. So we thought we'd get one of the harnesses just for a little extra security in case he tried jumping out of the car at a stop, or running out of the hotel room. I must say the harness worked well on him. It doesn't seem to choke him, and while I don't think it's as comfortable as his regular collar is, these work great for their purpose.		A note of caution, because cats are so flexible I'm sure that if he really tried he could probably pull himself out of the harness. But I've not given him the chance to try and learn how to do it. In our case it's a great insurance policy that would give us a couple extra seconds hopefully to grab him if he freaked out.
0,Just what I needed.
0,cuts like a hot knife cutting butter
0,I've been using this since my 4 year old Maltese was just a puppy.  Her teeth are still in excellent condition. . . no need for professional cleaning and no 'doggie breath'.  Wish I would have found this for my previous Maltese because they constantly had to have their teeth cleaned and had mouth odor.	This really works!!
0,My guinea pigs absolutely love these! If you want a good training treat get these!
0,So far so good with these. From time to time I try other brands when they are on sale, and always go back to this one. I have a couple of cats who won't use litter boxes and this tides them over on nights I won't let them out.
0,Excellent
0,Awesome product at an unbelievable price. Delivered before expected date as well.
0,This arrived on time  It was exactly as described ..The quality is good and I am very happy with the product.  I saved a lot of money buying it online.  Same as the store.
0,Use this in my Russian tortoise habitat. Fills the bottom of a 50 gallon enclosure to a couple of inches. Easy to use, simple place in a bucket, add water and watch it expand. Takes about 40 minutes until its ready to go. I usually add a bit more water and break the brick apart as its growing in order to make sure the center of the brick gets enough water to expand as well.		Performance-wise, it hides any odors that my tortoise would produce from his waste, although he isn't that smelly to begin with. He doesn't munch on it and enjoys digging into it on occasion. Has a very pleasent, fresh smell after adding. Only need to change this soil every few months with my tortoise.
0,Great Item!
0,kitty's loved it seems very sturdy
0,My cats love these. One is toothless and can eat it just fine.
0,I already have another Puppia harness for my pug.  But it was kind of dressy and was not mesh so it does not breath as well for hot days.  So I purchased this one as her 'casual' look.
0,Arrive promptly.  Appears well made. Large enough for four flakes. Both my horses feed from this one bag, two-three times a day depending on how cold it is (freezing temps they get more). Slows their eating down considerably from the usual two inch.love it because it keeps them occupied longer.
0,My dog is a Pitbull and loves this ball.
0,dog loves it
0,LOVE< LOVE, LOVE!!! Great product. Great idea and its the best for sure. Indeed Recommend!!!
0,Great product, fast ship
0,This company has some awesome products. Would recommend them 100%
0,I cannot speak personally for the flavor of this food, but I know that my cat loves it and it is her food of choice. This appears to be a higher quality formula cat food then a few others on the market today. It blends very well with other canned variety foods providing excellent nutritional Quality.  I will continue to use it as I believe it is rated to have a higher content of good basic product then some of the other brands on the market today. A +
0,Works great very sturdy. Didn't know that it glows in the dark great feature. So much cheaper than the pet store
0,Love this - easy to use - doesn't hurt dogs.  Works great in the battle against mats.
0,So much easier to feed my betta's with this then the pouch that I bought last time.
0,works well
0,My parakeets love this. Makes a big mess in the cage but it's worth it. Purchased on Amazon for much less than it was being sold in a pet store.
0,Worked really well ! I had to buy 2 of these because I foster kittens and unfortunately they brought some home with them from the shelter . I had no problem with the nozzle & the smell reminds me of apples . This & a topical flea med had my problem gone within the month . I was very nervous because i didn't realize i had them till it was too late .
0,works great
0,Works really good
0,My kitty loves this stuff, even though she does not seem interested in raw catnip.
0,They don't slide along the floor and under furniture when the dogs are trying to eat.  We love them.
0,A little small even for my miniature poodle puppy, but he loves them.
0,dog likes it
0,I've been buying this product for several years. My older dogs love them. If I even reach to the shelf where I keep the bottle, they stare intently at me. More importantly, they don't seem to have much/any join discomfort. And it's so much more economical to buy these through Amazon than the local pet stores.
0,My cat loves it
0,All paws are up for Stewart Liver treats,  These are great training --gaming or just treat-treats. Both of our retrievers love them and are quite motivated to get a bite. On your end, they are clean-dry-easy to handle and each piece pulls apart easily.  Give them just a taste. Keeps them moving --towards a jump--a good turn --anything you would like		Working on obedience-agility or just pet tricks--this is your ticket
0,I've always shied away from Sherpa carriers due to the cost but I'm so glad I changed my mind.  The soft-sided carrier I had before was about $30 and the top metal bar broke through the vinyl casing so I needed a new one.  I took the plunge and bought this Sherpa medium size for my 3 cats (9-14lbs each).  I use it to transport them to the vet, one cat at a time. It's very sturdy and much better than the cheaper ones I can get at the pet stores. My 14lb cat fits but does not have extra room to stretch out which is fine because in a larger one she curls up and goes to one end anyway making it hard for me to carry it.  I like the padded handle too. The 9 and 11 lbs cats fit with extra room.  I'm going to buy a second Sherpa in a large size for the chunky 14lb cat.  I prefer the soft sided carriers to the hard plastic carriers which I also use. I'm very happy with this carrier!
0,Good product
0,My dog with a touchy tummy can handle this for a few days when he has loose stools. Cannot take it on a long term basis or it upsets his digestive system.
0,Such a great quality and price and most of all it's Archie's favorite Dry Food.
0,This has been such a life saver with our 4 month old sheltie. We use this to line the bottom of his play pen when were not home so that if he misses the mark on his wee wee pad, it doesnt get on the carpet. Its been fantastic and our pup loves how comfortable it is. Overall great product.
0,this is a good variation of the classic kong. seems just as reliable. my dog has not taken to it quiet as much as he liked the classic kong but he still play with it. i think getting a treat out of this one is probably a bit tougher hence he gets bored after trying for a while.
0,Dog inhales these! Put them in the freezer as they suggested. Hope it's still having a benefit since he wolfs them down:)
0,My pups really enjoy this toy. It's bright and attractive and will hold up for awhile. I'm always looking for plush toys with long legs that the can bring to me to play.		The squeakers work fine and haven't stopped making noise. I'm sure one of the legs will come off at some point, but this is a good value.
0,Looks very well made. Waiting for my puppy to grow into this.		Update, Love this. My puppy outgrew it, and I passed it down to my neighbour.
0,You name it, I've tried it.... clay, corn, wheat, silica, pine, newspaper, cedar, various combinations of the above, and multiple brands of several varieties ... none of them worked as well as the green tea litter.  It's the best odor control I've found.  It doesn't stick to my long-haired cats butts and create a clumpy mess that has to be clipped out of their pantalones (a major issue with long-haired cats and clumping litter).  It eradicates the litter box smell better than anything else I've found.  It doesn't have a strong or chemical smell.  To top it off, the cats prefer it to anything else I've tried and all adapted to it immediately.  It also tracks less than the other options.		The only issues I've had are:  1. It's a pain in the neck to order it and then wait for a week for it to show up; 2. Because of the larger chunk size I had to find a scoop with larger holes than average and that was a bit of a pain; and 3. The chunk size is too big to work with the littermaid I own.... the thick plastic tines just acted like a shovel, instead of a scoop -- and it's just too expensive to be throwing clean litter out when it's still good like that.		Green tea litter vs. keep using the LitterMaid?....  the green tea litter won and the LitterMaid has been retired.... yeah, the green tea litter is better at lowering litterbox hassle than the self-scooper.		If the chunk size was small enough to work well with the littermaid, this would be 5 stars.		I did just order an OmegaPaw rolling litterbox to try with it -- hopefully that will work out and make cleaning the box easier -- with 8 cats I need all the help I can get.		Update......		It's too chunky for the "roll n clean" grid.... it WILL go through, but instead of slowly roll it one way, then roll it back, pull out the tray and dump it, then roll back further to put the clean litter back.... it's slowly roll it forward to tilting toward the end..... spend a couple of minutes shaking the heck out of it to get the non-clumped litter through the grid, finish rolling it and then roll it back, dump the drawer and then roll it back the other way and shake the heck out of it again to get the clean litter back in the other direction.....  a workout which pretty much takes the ease of use of the "roll n clean" away.  I'm contemplating modifying the roll n clean and then retrying with larger slots to see if that works.  Decided to try a LitterMaid Ultra Mega because of the wire tines in the rake and the larger gaps between and it still raked way too much clean litter -- acting more like a shovel than a rake.  At this point I'm back to testing litter/box combos looking for a solution.... with 8 cats and a bad back, the notion of scooping by hand several times a day is not a good one.
0,I think my husband likes it more than my dogs! LOL
0,Good stuff dos not block out all the smell from litter empty pan very frequently
0,I think I can give some credit to this spray.  I just traveled across country with my cats (3) and sprayed everything down in the SUV with this stuff before leaving.  It acted as it states, like a calming agent.  I'm pretty sure it wasn't just their fear of travel that made them act so calm.  Anyway, it was a great help and only until after about the recommended 10-12 hours did I spritz a little more.  I'd definitely buy it again.
0,Perfect size feeding bowls for the cats. Low enough so their whiskers don't touch the sides and wide enough to hold a good dinner or breakfast for them. Easy to clean, non skid pad on bottom is great. perfect item - would buy from again. ty
0,Great item.
0,But MiMi found out the hiding place and within 30 minutes had the feathers and ornament detached from the wand.  But she had fun while it lasted and after all isn't that what it's all about?
0,This stuff totally works. I wondered why it's more expensive than some other similar items, but it really does work great and seems to last longer. It's nice that it comes as a set so you can freshen several areas at the same time.
0,Iloved it!
0,I have used this product often and will continue to do so.  I also like the under 5 lbs. and like to use it on the cats even if they weigh more than that. It works great and I will order more.
0,You know how when you were a kid and you were dying to taste those green dog biscuits? Then when you did, it was horrible and your dad made fun of you? I do. Well, these jerky treats are actually probably AWESOME enough for human consumption and no crazy colors. One bag lasts our Chihuahua 2 months and even the cat loves them. As a discerning dog mom, I feel good knowing they are also quality, healthy treat... made in the US of A!
0,Neat item, complaints of to hard to put on were alleviated by stretching the boots over a small deodorant container.  :)  Worked well!		Also would be nice if you attached the Velcro strips so that we didn't have to sew them in place?!  Great price.  We will see now they do on blacktop this spring.
0,Cats love it
0,Poor packaging and no instructions what-so-ever, but still worth 5 stars.  Well built and easy to use.  I was amazed how quickly our cat took to it.
0,Smells great.  Sort of powdery and perfumey but not overly so that it's overwhelming.  Just a nice soft pleasant scent.  Had a hard time finding dog shampoo that didn't either smell like a fruit or like tea tree oil.  This one was different.  I like that the scent lasts for a few days so puppy smells extra clean longer.  Makes his fur so soft.  I am worried it's not as gentle as the oatmeal type of shampoos so I alternate and use this one every other time.  Little goes a long way too!
0,For whatever reason, my finicky little buddy is very picky about chicken. He loves his Weruva Canned food, so long as it is Fish of some kind. For some reason, as he started growing, he began refusing to eat chicken. No idea why. He won't eat duck, rabbit, turkey, nothing. He will only eat fish usually. But. For some reason, he will eat this chicken food. He is on a strictly grain/gluten free, no corn,soy, or wheat, so I am very hesitant to feed him any type of big store brand anything. Surprisingly, this particular Whiskas Chicken wet food, doesn't have all the usual garbage fillers or by products. The Chicken Entree, & the Tuna Entree, are both actually very good. So luckily for him, this chicken he actually will eat, or is it maybe luckily for me to keep my sanity? Any way, if you got a slightly picky spoiled eater, give this a try. You may be surprised too. Definitely recommend it.
0,Pretty soft and mostly just skims the surface of my lab/mix dog.  It does gather some loose fur from his coat, but it isn't strong enough to really help get rid of the hair. But that's okay, for a serious brush out we have the Furminator which can't be beat for getting out loose hair.  This one was purchased primarily for my 90 year old mom to have something gentle to brush her little Schnauzer with, more for an activity for her than a productive brushing for the dog. It fits the bill for that perfectly.
0,My mini schnauzer was having an awful outbreak of  "schnauzer bumps". I ordered the stripping knife and this shampoo. After using both only twice I can tell a big difference. This shampoo makes her hair feel silky and it smells good. I don't know if I need to use the stripping knife using this shampoo but her bumps were so bad, I did. I'm going to use it next time without the stripping knife. Very pleased with this shampoo.
0,Dog likes.  Seems to be good for her.  Easy to order and comes promptly.  Good deal.
0,Great outdoor bed for our dog.  It's on a covered deck, but sometimes the rain and snow blow sideways and it is definitely waterproof.  The bed doesn't sag, and as soon as our dog gets out of it, it springs back to full height.
0,I would recommend really measuring. I got the first one but not from here, and measured exactly, I needed a little give so this time I got the next size and it is perfect. This is made well and I use them with the heavy Poise pads!
0,I love my dog but she does have an odor and she makes every effort to find odors that are objectionable.  This reduces those odors to a baby powder scent, which is preferable to what she can bring in.
0,Gracie enjoys this treat
0,I love this product because it decreases odors in the house, only catch, You have to clean it lol. not often but you do. I mean take the poop out and the pee of-course.	Its very big, my cat is like 3 years now and she fits perfectly in there with room to spare. ive had this for about 2 years now and its still like brand new.	Originally when I was searching for a cat little pan I was looking for the biggest one I could find because I wanted something that was going to last forever. Another MAJOR reason I bought this product was because I wanted to minimize the odors, I was getting sick all the time because I kept the litter in my room cause there was no room anywhere else and she was afraid of the dog. The smell of the litter always kept my nose clogged, with this pan this is not an issue anymore. This hooded cat litter pan will reduce odors about 85-90%. It helps a Great deal! When I bought this product, my cat was a kitten. Now she is 3 years old and she still fits perfectly in it and I don't get the strong smells from the litter anymore (just make sure to clean it once a week or something)		If your looking for a little pan that will last a life time and reduce odors, I strongly recommend this!
0,Hermit crabs climb on it.
0,I got this crate for my very large cat to stay in for our 1500 mi trip. I got him the large size so that I can fit a small litter box in it if he needs it. Very sturdy and the wheels are an added plus to move it/him into the hotel. I put a scratching pad in the bottom as he likes to lay on those with some catnip and he went right in. I usually have to struggle to get him in any crate or carrier especially a smaller one.
0,This item says for dogs, but is completely safe for cats too. If you buy a "cat" brand freeze dried chicken, it is much more expensive, and the chunks are smaller. I use this as a reward treat for my diabetic cat. Since it is purely protein, it does not affect his blood sugar. It is just about the only treat he can have.
0,Keeps smell away
0,My kittens love them.. they literally run around with them in their mouths
0,Only been 2 days so not real sure but my chesapeakebay retriever and bulldog love it!
0,This has been such a good buy! We had a stray cat show up on our doorstep one day and we were unable to actually catch it. So we made it a little home and put this inside and "she" is always laying on it. She enjoys it! So 5 stars from her.
0,My dog loves this and it helps her joints and coat. Also recommended by orthopedic vet after acl surgery repair
0,Dogs go crazy for this and my cat does too! Wish I could find it in St Louis, MO.
0,I use this on the side of my tank to keep my moss so I am not using the product to its full potential but its nice that it cycles tank water so I envision moving fish around won't shock them. The product is well designed and easy to use. The breeding box does use a decent amount of air to operate so if you have a smaller air pump and more than one air-using gadget (i have a corner filter), you will need to size up your pump.
0,I have a one year old bull terrier mix (we think jack russell). She's very smart and I've gotten her to stop pulling on the leash.... but if she sees a dog, she goes nuts! She pulls and pulls, and never quite learned to bark, so she makes this odd growling/grumbling noise until she can go "meet" the other dog. Then she'll calm down and will lose interest in the other dog quite quickly. But if we can't see the other dog (like if the dog is across the street, etc), she continues to go nuts and pulls, pulls, pulls, until it looks like her eyes are going to pop put of her head. I would often have to pick her up to calm her down and get her to be quiet. It was scary for me, thinking she was going to pass out at any given moment, but also embarrassing because she couldn't keep it together. As soon as I used the harness and leash for the first time, she was like a different dog!!! She initially tried to pull but all it took was a small clicking noise and a 'no, Happy, let's go' and she calmed down! She doesn't huff and puff, doesn't go nuts, and now walking her is extremely enjoyable! I honestly could not be happier.		PROS:	* Nice colors	* Good quality	* Easy to put on	* Easy to adjust size	* Affordable/ worth the money	* No more strain on her neck	* No more huffing and puffing	* Keeps my dog calmer, as if the previous collar (regular, everyday collar) was stressing her out even more, causing her to act out more than she normally would.	* Encourages the dog to stop obsessing over the desired object (car, dog, squirrel), and turn around to make eye contact with you. This has been a huge help for us!	* Lets the dog know that YOU are in control without hurting/pinching/choking	* My dog has had no issue getting used to this harness, she seems very comfortable.		CONS:	* I do wish the leash was adjustable. I'd love to be able to make it longer!	* The harness is a bit clunky. By that I mean the clasps that snap it together are very big and very dark. I bought the turquoise harness/leash combo and the clasps are huge and black. It looks kind of funny, but no big deal at all.		It's important to note that this doesn't completely stop your dog from pulling. It's a training tool that greatly decreases pulling... but a lot of it is up to the owner to make the dog understand not to pull! This has been a huge help for us, thank you so much for making such a great product.
0,The gals loved this stuff. I purchased because we ran out and I couldn't get to the local feed store to buy a 50lb bag for our four hens. They went for this like it was going out of style. We buy Manna Pro regular crumbles but this was as good or better.
0,I love this harness! The design is great, the stitching is very reflective.  Color is perfect, it can be washed easily as well.  My dog walks perfect on it at 6 months old.
0,My dog loves this dental chew and it's good for her too.
0,These are moist treats that come in a resealable bag. As long as you keep the bag properly sealed, they will last for months after opening the package
0,My dogs can't get enough of these treats.  They find them irresistible.
0,This sure is a handy stand to keep your bird cage in any room you would like. Sturdy Steel and fits large cages as well as small ones.
0,My four dogs love these. Easy for them to carry around.
0,My dog loves greenies.  Wish I could find the senior ones.  Otherwise perfect.
0,Very well made. Great crate.
0,Sturdy piece, my cat uses it a lot to nap in and look out of the window
0,PetGuard is a high quality pet food that is hard to find. My cats love it, and it's a healthy food that even the picky cats will eat.
0,Met my full expectations.
0,Great
0,LIFE. SAVER. Seriously this thing has made this nightmare tick-infested summer we're having in Tennessee far less horrifying for me. I know I sound dramatic but ticks are the most vile critters in existence and I have disposed of probably 25+ ticks in the last 2 months from hiking with my dog (and I do use bug repellent!). These little scooper things pop them right off and it's quick and easy and far less gross than tweezers. If you hike or spend time outside, buy these!!
0,I run a doggy daycare so I go through a lot of tennis balls. These are so convenient!	They have a bit of a "hardware store" smell to them, but the dogs don't seem to mind!
0,Looks nice
0,Must have this cleanser.
0,This item has been a lifesaver for me! I have a German shepherd/wolf mix and the shedding seasons are extra miserable. My husband absolutely hates the excess hair floating around and I don't like hearing about it. Brushing my dog with this tool two to three times a day has allowed me to keep my sanity and a clean house. This is a must have tool for anyone with a heavy shedding breed. I would recommend this over any other tool on the market because it is gentle and will NOT damage the animals coat. And lets face it, its WAY cheaper than other tools and does an amazing job.
0,We are using this to harness our dog in the car.  We'd rather her stay in the car (as we do) in a crash than to go flying out of the car.  It works well and it can also be used as a short leash if necessary.
0,I was very pleased with the quality of the container. It is thick and durable. They sell this exact brand at the chain pet stores (for much more) if you want to inspect one prior to purchase. The opening is large enough to store 5qt food bowls inside of it.	The included scoop is a bit flimsy, but I'm not bothered by it.
0,This bed is very supportive. My 90# German Shepherd with joint issues loves this bed. Our cats and smaller dog like it too.
0,good food for lovebirds
0,My little 9 lb poodle loves these-he can't get enough of them.
0,My dog can get nit picky with what he eats and this passed the test! He sniffed at it the first time but since then can't wait to get it poured on his food. He's a 10 year old lab mix and this seems to perk him up and get him moving better. It's really hard to say for certain how they feel exactly but his activity levels are up since beginning using it a month ago.
0,This is a pretty tiny toy. Perfect for my standard poodle puppy (11 weeks old). It comes with an extra squeaker too. He's had the toy for about 4 weeks, plays with it daily and it's held up.	This toy would be too small for a larger dog. I think my pup will be safe with it for another month before he could actually swallow the entire thing.	I like that its not filled with stuffing.
0,The product came quickly & my dogs love them.
0,You simply must get one of you have a large dog. My dog chews these things to pieces in about a month and he can't get enough of it. I buy these once a month to keep him happy.
0,My German shepherd dog loves these treats.  I can cut them in half, giving him just a small piece to reward him or thank him.  Cuts down on the calories too.  He is eager to please with these treats.  Bought the (4) pack so I don't run out.
0,I didn't know if my little yorkie would accept a new house after her old one started falling apart.  She loves it!  Well made and a cozy place for her to sleep and hide her toys. A+
0,Great quality, love that it has a zipper for easy washing of the cover. My pup seems to love it. Only complaint is that it's a little thick for a 24 inch crate so it takes up a lot of space.
0,my lab loves this toy. We say "get your dildo" and he runs and grabs it every time
0,Great length.  My Siberian Husky likes to sit on our front porch in the mornings after breakfast.  Great length to keep him from getting tangled up and hook to the door handle.
0,It does what it's supposed to do and our gerbil was happy with it all the way up until she died!
0,It is dog food, but our hoons like the stuff and the price/delivery were just to good to ignore.
0,Well made, quality. Soft and comfortable to handle.
0,Dogs love them
0,My dog wouldn't take her face out of the bowl until she was done.  Licked it clean.  It's that good.
0,My husband has been using it for our medium size dog and he thinks its great.  Thank you so much.
0,Both my guinea pig and rabbit love it.
0,bought it and used it for a litter of medium sized puppies. Worked great. then donated it to my sisters cats who love to hide in it.
0,Well made, comfortable fitting and I love the features.  The short detachable handle makes a great leash, the front clip makes this a no-pull harness.  My 60lb. pit/lab mix loves it.  As far as a seat belt, it doesn't keep the dog confined to just the seat but none of these products really do.
0,Good to have a dog treat that our dog loves that's made in the USA.
0,I use this inside of a kong and freeze them.  It keeps my aussies busy for a very long time and they LOVE it!
0,Awesome  stuff helps alot with our hypoglycemic chihuahua
0,Very good odor eliminator.
0,Nylabones are great.  Not expensive and they last forever.  Our dog loves to chew, but these hold up.  Highly recommend.
0,Uneasy about the non BPA claim but my car loves this food
0,Now, I have the most handsome superman. Great price & great look.
0,WORKS LIKE NOOOOO OTHER!
0,They work well.  I got this pack (I only needed 2) because it was cheap.  They work just fine for me.
0,This has made my water changes SO much easier
0,This is a big mat that works extremely well.  It catches all of my cat's litter tracks.  I figured it would get more than most but not all, but it gets it all, so I am overjoyed.  It's some sort of rubberized material that makes the litter cling to it.  Very satisfied.
0,My cat had a very bad habit of pooing outside the box.  I would clean her box every day thinking maybe she just didn't like to use a dirty box, but it didn't seem to help.  She would pee in her box with no problem, but usually would poo on the floor.  I didn't see many reviews indicating whether this litter could help with getting a cat to poo in their litter box, but I went ahead and bought it anyway.  IT WORKS.  I don't know what kind of magical herbs they put in this litter but I've been using it for over two months now and my cat has only had one very small accident in that time.  After cleaning poop off the carpets every single day, having this litter is a lifesaver.  I've noticed that it doesn't have much odor to it at all (unless you stick your nose right up into it, of course) and it clumps much better than the litter that I was using before.  I don't think I'll ever use another litter again.
0,Works great for my boxers, in fact they each have their own.  It is a nice looking product so I don't mind it sitting in my kitchen.
0,Gave to pet rescue with a cage I donated.
0,I really love this Kong toy!!!! I have 6 of these amazing little fillable toys. I wanted a variety for my dog to figure out, forget about, and do it again. Every time I buy a new one, I am thrilled with the purchase. This one is no different. The picture shows how my dog, Leo, will just fall asleep immediately after playing with it. Most people would adopt another dog to tire their first one out, but these Kongs are a whole lot better and more affordable!
0,Just realized this formula is missing Methylsulfonylmethane (MSM).  Ahhhhhhhhh. The three main ingredients that I look for: glucosamine, MSM, and chondrontin. If you are using this for the first time, important to know it may take 2-3 weeks before noticing joint improvement.  Everything you need to know is clearly explained on the bottle. I have been using this brand  for over 10 years to help prevent joint issues with my Chihuahuas and Yorkie-Chihuahua dogs.
0,Nice!
0,Love them so do my fish!
0,Panzer's favorite flavor, he approves this messsge.
0,Out of the blue, my dog started throwing up on a regular basis.  I was feeding Hill's Science Diet, but switched to the Sensitive Stomach.  I've had no issues since and very happy with the results.
0,I was looking for a heater for my new 2.6 gallon tank but every heater I found either had horrible reviews or weren't adjustable and people said with such a small tank it would cook my fish. When I stumbled upon this heater I was impressed with all of the glowing reviews and everyone saying it not only maintains the water temperature by it actually heats the water. A lot of reviews for other heaters said the heaters only maintained temperature, it didn't raise the temperature. I couldn't ignore all of these reviews, obviously this heater does something right so I ordered one.		I just got this heater today and so far it seems to be working perfectly, a little too perfectly as it seems to be warming the water 2 degrees higher than what I set it at (this is confirmed not only with a separate thermometer but also by the heater itself) but this is no big deal, I just set the heater 2 degrees colder than I want.		The heater is very slim and not too long, it fits perfectly even in a fairly small tank like mine. I didn't realize when I ordered it that it also acts as a thermometer but the way it's situated in my tank makes it really cumbersome to use it for that purpose (which is no fault of the product itself) so I still rely on a standalone thermometer for that purpose. Both the standalone thermometer and this heater show the same temperature so I'd say this is fairly accurate as well.		The only complaint I have is something another reviewer mentioned; the suction cups don't work at all. I push the heater where the suction cups are against the side of the tank and they'll stick but then I'll check the heater a few minutes later and the suction cups have failed. I have no idea if the suction cups just aren't very good or if they're not meant to work on the type of surface I am sticking them to, it's like frosted glass or acrylic, not sure on that. However this isn't a big deal for me personally because the heater itself is situated in a small chamber so it doesn't really move much anyways but if it wasn't I would be worried that the heater might float on its side towards the top of the tank which the instructions say is bad.		Overall I am very satisfied with the product and would highly recommend it. Sure it's a bit pricey but then again you get what you pay for. Instead of buying a sub par 10 dollar heater that won't work very well put another 20 dollars towards your purchase and buy this high quality heater.
0,Works great.  Little heavy but worth the money for the belt and not the retractable cord.  I don't use it for everyday walking but for training and quick potty trips it's wonderful.
0,My Yorker suffers from allergies and bites his paws; I was looking for a spray that would not harm him if he licked his paws after application. This product works well after the third day use and beyond and since its safe i am less worried about him licking his paws
0,This was recommended by my Vet. when my cat's liver enzymes were high and it helped to lower them. I'm not happy with the price as it's quite expensive and it's hard to get my cat to swallow them. He's traumatized every morning and goes into hiding when i would have to give him his pill. Pill pockets do not work for cats as they chew them and do not swallow them whole like most dogs do.
0,I purchased this with the intention to litter train my Holland lop. To my surprise she took to it immediately and needed no persuasion. Rabbits tend to pick a spot in their cage and stick too it, she seemed to just know what to do. This fit perfectly in the cage (our cage is the largest indoor cage available here) and it is easy to clean as well. My only concern is if she'll fit comfortably on top when fully grown, but we shall see.
0,Is what it says it is.
0,What can I say, this is a good product and works well.  I use this product on my Chihuahua and it works.
0,My 2 6-week puppies love this bed! I will most likely buy another when they get bigger so each will have their own
0,THANK YOU FOR PROVIDING SUCH AN AWESOME PRODUCT.  I AM A RETURN CUSTOMER AND MY DOG IS SO MUCH HEALTHIER...
0,Sent quickly and arrived intact.
0,Perfect - light weight and seems pretty water repellent. Wanted this for our dog that sometimes goes in the woods behind our place and as deer season approaches we wanted this for our dog! He didn't seem to mind wearing it either!
0,My dog is not one to let you brush her teeth. The spray is great and is easy to use
0,Keeps my cats away from the furniture and lasts for a good while
0,We love this cute lil skull collar for our special needs kitten.  He recently lost it but he did have it on for over a year.  I guess we'll have to order another.
0,got this light for a beardie I got that was supposed to be younger than what he is and due to not taking care of right his growth has been stunted.  I got this bulb though and he started eating more - never was fed crickets, just meal worms and greens.  His light had supposedly just went out before we picked him up.  This has made a big difference in his attitude and he just seems happier all around.
0,My cats love these refills for one of their favorite toys.
0,Great harness.  Goes on easy, looks great and fits my dog perfectly.  Can also be adjusted easily.
0,It looks nice, but I wish my cats would use it more. They like the traditional scratching posts better
0,My pups love this!
0,Excellent product
0,One application, treated the house and fleas were gone.
0,The Cat Mate Pet Fountain does exactly what it's supposed to do.....and quietly!  We have two cats and a small dog and all of them drink out of the fountain without a problem.  The Cat Mate Pet Fountain is a breeze to clean, change the filter once a month and the best part it is whisper quiet. I had a pet fountain previously and it made so much noise and it was difficult to clean so I threw it in the dumpster.  Now all of us are happier.
0,Have reordered multiple times. Quality product. I crumble a few and put them in my dogs beds. They love sniffing out every last crumb. Keeps them busy.
0,My yorkie had no problem adapting to this, and it is great that I don't have to worry about her water bowl being empty for at least a week. I recommend it
0,This product was recommended by my Vet, my dog has a problem with her back leg and these help her.  I ordered these a couple of days ago, and I already received them in the mail. Love the fact that they were shipped so quickly, thank you.
0,My King Charles Spaniel, my two Pugs, my two Boston Terriers and my Chihuahua love these. They keep them busy for quite a long time and I haven't seen any problems with them having them. I purchase them regularly.
0,Item received good value
0,This is the best brand of dog pads and the cheapest place to them I have found. I have 4 small dogs that aren't that crazy about going out in the rain, the cold or when they just don't feel like it. I go through these are a rate of 6 to 8 a day. I have tried other cheaper brands which were thinner and in some cases just fall apart. These always hold up, don't leak and do the job. I highly recommend them.
0,What's to say. Its a cute pink dog bowl. I have a 9 pound ChaBeagle and we use the big side for water and the small for food. It works great for her.
0,People are giving this item a 1 star rating because they are receiving only one item, not three. I think this is very misleading to the actual product, which is an EXCELLENT cat toy. I found this gem at my local grocery store and bought the squirrely looking one for my cat. She instantly pounced it and played with it for hours. She has other toys she plays with, but none as much as her skineeez. She did rip all the catnip out of it at one point, but she still carries this thing all over the house as if it were a real kill. She hides it in my shoes, purse, husband's shoes, bed, shower, etc... and gets so much enjoyment out of a little floppy fuzzy peice of fabric. This was a great buy and has lasted at least 9 months so far, and still going strong. Because it has a hole in it and all the catnip is gone, I do put this in the laundry sometimes if it gets too much cat drool on it, and it comes out fine. I also refill it with catnip on occasion if I want to watch the cat go crazy. Overall the product is great, despite the misleading reviews.
0,My dog is pretty good at getting the strap on cover that comes with the heater off and dragging it around the yard.  This cover stays in place and is quite a bit nicer than the cover that comes with the heater.
0,My two year old dog who likes to chew tore this open pretty quickly. I good toy if your dog is not a chewer.
0,It arrived today and I tried it out right away. So far so good. Mine came with a stretchy leash. I found that useless as my dog would stretch it out in front of my bike tire. I have multiple leashes so I used a short normal leash instead. Before you start make sure you use a wrench and the Allen wrench to tighten the device. Otherwise the metal bar can slide straight behind you. I feel a lot more secure on the bike and I can have both hands on the handle bars. I've already texted two friends telling them about this product. 5 stars!!!
0,Our dogs love these dumbbells.  We have 3 dogs all about 17 pounds each and they do not leave a speck uneaten.  I love that they are natural and easy for the dogs to chew.
0,Good leash - easy to maintain grip and doesn't cut into fingers when the dog pulls
0,dog loves these
0,I ordered these before - my dogs love these.
0,We live in coastal North Carolina and use this in the Atlantic with our 52 lb Golden Retriever.  We have the large size toy.  Overall I must say I'm very happy with this product.  It has a decent weight to it and the rope is a good length, allowing me to throw it really far.  That is my favorite thing about the toy.  Because of the weight, it floats in the water line, about half submerged.  That can make it a little tricky for my dog to spot it sometimes, particularly in the waves.  Also, due to the weight, it does dunk for a moment when hit by a wave.  But only for a moment then it floats back up.  If she looses it, the toy will float in to shore on it's own.  I appreciate the ability to throw it really far more than I dislike it's low floating style, so no points off for this fact...  just an observation.		What I don't like about it: The color.  Even though it's really, really easy for me to see in the water or in the sand, my dog does seem to have trouble picking out the yellow.  We also have a bright orange Chuckit Amphibious Bumper and she has zero trouble seeing the orange color.  I like the KONG more than the Chuckit because you can throw the Kong 3 times farther.  But I would love it if the Kong came in neon orange.		Also, it's not as durable as I would like.  I am taking a star off due to the durability issues.  It is NOT a chew toy.  Not for even 30 seconds.  My dog likes to chew her toys when we come in for a break.  I know amphibious bumpers aren't durable chew toys, so I only let her do a few minutes at a time here and there.  She must have chewed on this for less than 30 seconds when I looked down to see she had peeled a good sized area of the yellow covering off.  I don't expect this toy to hold up the way a Nylabone does to chewing, but I would think it could hold up just a little better than it does.		Overall I love and highly recommend this toy.  I expect to buy many more of them in the future.  Just NO CHEWING!
0,My 35 pound Australian Cattle dog just loves this bed. At first, I thought it was too small, but he hopped into it and just snuggled down. It makes him feel very secure.
0,I have a puppy pitbull who can chew through anything in less than a second. This product has by far met my expectations as a chew toy. i will never buy another toy from any other brand! Plus with a lifetime warranty, I can't go wrong.
0,Works great for our puppy!
0,These are my kitties favorite treats, just be careful of the price. Ive seen the small bag as high as $9 on here, and in stores its usually 99 cents!
0,My old cat carrier was heavy and bulky and a chore to take my kitten to the vet. With this carrier its a breeze. It is easy to open and get her in, big mesh "windows" for her to see out, and so light that getting her to the vets now is no trouble at all. I wouldn't recommend it for long trips, but for short trips to vet or ? it is perfect. Its light as a feather, but sturdy enough to carrier her (7lbs) with confidence.
0,I bought 6 of these tags for 6 of our dogs in different shapes and colors.  I could not be more happy with the quality and look of the tags.  Perfect!  I'm glad the regular tags I was going to get were no longer available.  These laser engraved tags have a much nicer look to them.  Providence Engraving followed my engraving instructions perfectly!
0,This is such a cute color and seems very sturdy. I buy the covered boxes so I don't have to wipe the walls or vacuum even more than I already do. Super happy with this.
0,Sturdy and durable.. The pups love it! They have been playing with it since Christmas.. And it is still in one piece.. Unlike most of their other toys.
0,Best Alfalfa ever!
0,They are squeaky and bouncy.  Seem to be holding up well.
0,my dog loves these VERY much, but he's a Labrador Retriever and these are way too small for him.  Each stick is around the size of a licorice twist, so be cognizant of this when you order.  Nevertheless, they are chewy and he found enjoyment out of them.
0,These are perfect for my small pets.  Will work fine for fixing broken toys and for creating my own creations.	Shipment was received in great condition and in a timely manner.  Great price.
0,My dog loves these treats.
0,Perfect for small dogs but one drawback it works best on carpet rather than wood floors, they need to put a rubber strip to not slip.
0,dogs love these
0,Dogs liked the squeakers inside of regular tennis balls!!
0,My grey was raised on this from a baby and won't eat anything else!  Good thing it is a balanced diet
0,The best balls ever! Made for play or flinging- they last! I have pups, a pittmix, and all size dogs ( with teeth)!
0,great work perfect
0,My dog has a beard due to her breed, and used to make a mess all over the floor. Now with this mat, things aren't everywhere! it is really nice to not have to clean up after her each time she gets water!
0,One of.the best and accurate size.
0,This is the second Armarkat tree I've owned and both have been amazing products. They're beyond easy to set up and everything is great quality. The best part is the price, I've noticed that pet stores sell all of their trees for at least double the price and the quality cant even compare. I have a year old lynx point siamese and she sits like a queen on this thing, just looking down on us, judging. She loves to king kong her way up the side and has never knocked it over, which is good because she's a fatty.
0,This is a terrific kitty house... it's soooo soft and cushy. Both of my cats fit in it comfortably, but my smaller baby has pretty much claimed it as her own. Great purchase.
0,Great for dogs who are little constipated... Pumpkin is natural laxative.
0,This was a gift for my friends dog, she loves her new toy! Balls are her favorite thing so her accuracy is second to none, I got this in hopes she would be more challenged, I think it worked.
0,Solved the problem for my cats! I was buying $40 cases of special diet food to solve the constipation problem for one cat with digestive issues. Now, i just add a portion of a capsule of Vetasyl Fiber Supplement and the good results are the same. Thanks!
0,Our 9-week old German shepherd puppy has had one of these bears for just over a week.  She plays with it constantly, carries it around inside and out, and shakes it viciously.  The squeaker still squeaks and the patches are even still on.  I will update when she does destroy it, but until then I am buying a second one.  I don't want to be without one!
0,This bowl snaps in easily and the bracket is easy to install.  Perfect.
0,Perfect for the crate!!  :-)
0,Product is as advertised. Great size mat. I like the texture of the mat material. Perfect to place in front of cabinet.
0,So impressed with this bed!		I am always a little skeptical buying something like this online without having seen it because sometimes I wind up being disappointed when the item actually arrives. I was not disappointed this time. I purchased the medium size chocolate color. It seems to be well made, it is attractive and what I love most is that it is so soft. I would love to sleep in this bed if I could fit. Kitty seems to really like it as well. She sleeps in it every day.
0,Keeps my baby in place
0,ASSEMBLY		Assembly was not difficult.  Just make sure the "C" pole goes on the side of the floor with the Velcro flap.  If you try it any other way, it will look like the poles don't fit.  Guess how I know that?		Once the floor poles are in, the rest is a snap.  It looks great once it's up, like it came out of the military - a solid structure with rugged walls.		OVERALL		I like that the tent sits off the ground, which looks more comfortable than laying on cement.  It even comes with a little padded floor.		My dog probably disagrees.  I only saw her sleeping in it once.  That's okay.  At least she has the option of using the shelter.		If you're wondering about sizing.  I was worried the medium size might be too small for my 20 pound cocker spaniel, but it looks just right.  My nine year-old squeezed inside with her.  It's plenty big.		I only wish my dog liked it as much as I do.
0,seems alright
0,Birds just love this seed.
0,perfect for what I needed
0,my dog usually destroys things in a minute, but not this! He loves it!!!!
0,Great for puppies. It will grad their attention when their compulsive play drive kicks in and makes them goofy. One click and the puppy stops running and looks at me. I then treat her and it has been a great training tool.
0,One cat LOVES it; the other LIKES it.  It's a good fit for my two boys!  It's hard to find a good beef-based cat food, but this is it!
0,Works fine but too expensive.  Ill make my own.
0,Worked great for bird bath and fish tank.
0,8/21/2014 Good size for an experiment I am working on. I removed all the sponges and left one polishing pad in a Fluval 206 canister filter. I. filled almost the bottom two trays with EHEIM Substrat Pro Biological Filter Media. The main compartment, I put one of these bags, filled with the remaining media, from the 2L purchase of Eheim mentioned above, that would not fit in the trays. I also dumped in some Dr TIms Waste away. Be careful with Dr Tims, Oxygen in the water will drop to zero. So far, the water is much cleaner. Also using Chemipure, which is a mainstay.
0,Simple product, works as intended.
0,I am definitely a Seachem believer and this is another one of their products that is high quality and that I think helps keep the water in better condition and my fish happier and healthier.
0,Puppy approved.
0,Great
0,The PetSafe Gentle Leader Headcollar was so easy to fit and use.  It was hard to believe something so small and so light in weight could tame the puppy so quickly.  Unbelievable.  Really was a pleasant surprise.  A million thanks.  Ron
0,My dog loves this food. Before this dry dog food he preferred wet food only. I wanted to try different dry foods to find one he liked. I got it because of it's healthy ingredients. Then, to my surprise, my dog lover it.
0,Sweet, sweet water changes!
0,awesome
0,This item has made long walk much less stressful. My very tame-at-home dog gets overexcited at the sight of other dogs and I have been fearful he might snap, this was purchased so I do not have to worry.  Last week, a woman was walking an unleashed dog which hurtled towards my dog---she kept assuring me that her dog was fine...but when I saw her dog's snarling, crinkled nose, I was very gad that I had the muzzle on...and she restrained her dog.  (Hoping that the lady will have her dog leashed next time I run into her on the path!)  The rubber is very soft, and my dog takes to it well. I used the instructions in the package, and used it with peanut butter and a treat first.
0,Purchased this to suspend a mercury vapor bulb 18" over a large tortoise habitat.  Easy to put together, exactly what I needed.
0,they liked them and cleans their teeth
0,After a handful of years playing with my 20g freshwater tank I decided to try going with live plants instead of the artificial plastic variety.  50% because I've had a couple of negative incidents with sharp edges on artificial plants, and 50% because no matter how realistic fake plants tried to look they just never really pulled it off.  With these live plants, as opposed to merely serving decorative purposes, the fish seem to actually "like" them.		Anyway, I've had numerous, and very excellent, dealings with Aquatic Arts, searched their Amazon page, and came across this variety pack.  I figured I'd give it a shot, and I just couldn't be happier with the aesthetics they provide to the tank.  The variety is nice, and filled my 20g nicely.		They arrived in healthier condition than expected, and stayed submerged in my eco-complete substrate without much hassle.		So far I've been using Seachem Flourish to try to keep the plants nice colors, but I just recently purchased the "Fluval Mini Pressurized 20g-CO2 Kit - 0.7 ounces" here on Amazon for about $22, so we'll see if adding real CO2 does anything better for me.		On a side note, Aquatic Arts also sells really nice looking cholla wood here on Amazon for a little less than $20, and really goes good with these plants.
0,My dog loves these and they really do not have an odor when he chews them. I order them over and over again!
0,Good product for good price. My cats have almost finished the entire case.
0,Just as expected
0,Smaller lambchop has better stitching on the back
0,The kitties were ALL over it, even before I got it fully assembled.  They love the "nooks" and platforms!
0,The kittens loves this, but they leave the chunks.  The are gravy suckers!
0,It's easy to use and does the job well.  I'm glad I invested in this instead of paying someone else to cut my pooch's nails.
0,Love Blue Buffalo bulk price on Amazon
0,plenty of them to chew up  very nice
0,This works much better than other types I have tried. Easy to pick up and shake littler back into the litter box.
0,When we adopted our dog last year, we started her on Wellness b/c I knew I wanted to feed her premium dog food and it had a good reputation. Well her stool was always loose while she was on it and we eventually had to add metamucil to her diet to make it more firm. Finally I decided to switch her food to Organix and couldn't be happier. It has a higher fiber content than many other dog foods and many of the ingredients are organic. Cameron loves the food and her stool is nice and firm. And she poops less often too. As one other reviewer said, because the ingredients are so nutritious, you'll end up feeding your dog less of this brand than other dog foods that are made of filler. Couldn't be happier now that the food's part of the auto-ship program.
0,Very well made and warm.  snug fit, because they are so thick. May want to choose next size up.
0,I have two miniature schnauzers.  The older female barks like a mad woman when anyone comes to the door which makes our young male bark.  It's crazy, and takes several minutes to get them to quit.  It's very embarrassing when company, strangers, delivery people come to the door.  I initially purchased a small hand held ultrasonic bark control unit that was manual, you had to push the button when you wanted to stop them from barking.  It worked immediately, BUT I would have to run and get it, or forget to use it when someone was knocking.  This product had mixed reviews, but from what I gathered from them was that it works on some dogs and not on others.  It works perfectly on my older female dog.  She absolutely will NOT bark when someone is a the door.  She hates the sound it omits and it keeps her quiet.  My young male, who's just one year old, it only works on him occasionally, but I'm hoping he catches on as he gets older and he associates it with barking.  So, the product functions like it's supposed to, you just have to purchase it and see if the sound will control YOUR dog.
0,Our dog loves this toy. She even likes to carry the "log" around without the squirrels, and if the squirrels are inside, she must take them out immediately! These little squirrels are so cute, she hasn't even tried to de-squeak them yet, a first for stuffed animals. As I am writing this, she has brought me the (empty) log!
0,All of my dogs love these chews! This is a must buy for any dog owner.
0,I owned the previous 26' Flexi that just had the cord. I like the conversion to the tape. It makes the whole thing bigger, but it glides much smoother and doesn't get caught on things so easily.		I wish they made the reflective version in 26'. That yellow tape is helpful for visibility.
0,NO COMMENT
0,I use these as my dogs' morning treat.  Them seem to love them and look forward to them.
0,My dog loved this but she ripped it up in a few days.
0,Great product, Chewy loves these treats and really listens and wants to train when I offer these. They have a strong liver/beefy scent, so it does stick to your fingers, but it gets your dogs attention. Most of the bag are full size treats with mininal debris at thw bottom.	I deducted a star because i wanted to reorder more! BUT the pricing changed. The bag i had previously ordered wwnt up $7! Looking through their options the prices are off. Why is the 16oz bag $8 more than the 16.6oz bag?!!! Why is the 16oz bag $28 but the 16.6oz bag $20? These are great treats, I'd love to keep reordering if the company changes/improves their pricing.
0,I can not swear that these do anything.
0,Haven't had the joy of grooming my pup with these yet since they arrived the day after I bathed and groomed him. No big deal - I'll use them next time. My first impression is that they aren't very sharp and are tight to open, but a little tweak of the screw and that should be okay. I also realized that Four Paws color coded system (what every other review is calling "finger cushions") can actually be size adjustments. I thought the thumb hole was too small so I purposely pulled the red insert out and now it fits my hand much better. By the way, the inserts can be pulled out or popped back in without damaging the product. It's actually a nice feature if you look at it this way.
0,produces doggy joy
0,Great product
0,Maltecion puppy loves this rooster, sadly I had to lay it to rest as he had his foot chewed off and the rooster sound box removed. Dog still loves the rooster sound box though. Lol
0,My cats love this.
0,I get four of these delivered monthly and they are invaluable for my two dogs with heart issues.  They can be hard to get at the store and since I need them so many the subscribe and save is a lifesaver.  The dogs like the taste and they are easy to use.
0,My dog was going to fly into the back of the seat if I didn't do something. It keeps him attached to the seat. But like my dog, most wish they were loose to run around the windows to check things out.
0,Great product.
0,Our power chewer loves antlers, and many are demolished in short order.  This brand is nicely sized, and our boy is thoroughly enjoying them... and they last!  Well worth the asking price.  We'll certainly be repeat customers.  A+
0,These have enticed every cat we own--including those who are usually totally immune to every cat toy known to humankind. Great toys!
0,Great toy !!  Fun for me as well as kitty.  A winner!
0,THIS IS GOOD QUALITY AQUARIUM FILTER FLOSS.  THIS IS THE SAME STUFF I USED FOR YEARS AS A KID AND IT HAS NEVER LET ME DOWN.
0,We've had this for about a year and we still love it . It's so much quieter and (hidden in the cabinet in the fish tank stand) and no more huge double filters constantly splashing the wall. I highly recommend this or the newest version of it .if available get the starter kit that comes with everything it's normally a better price!
0,good quality
0,My dogs really like this. It seems to make them drink more water than usual which is great. The only thing that I don't like is that sometimes it makes the dripping water noise and it can be a bit annoying. But overall the water seems clean and my dogs seem happy.
0,So far so good. This tank is just what I needed. I have 4 MiniBow1s and my complaint with them is that sometimes the filters leak. It's because they are hanging onto the edge of the tank. With this tank, the filter is hooked to eh plastic lid. It's perfect because there is no potential for the filter to leak out onto the shelf. Not to mention my beta now has more room and seems happier. I will be investing in more of these tanks in the near future.
0,I would give this babble ball 10 stars as it is my 16 month old Bull Terrier's FAVORITE toy....however, they last 20 minutes before there is no longer any sound. I have let them dry out and have replaced batteries but to no avail. I've bought at least 10 of these over the last 8 months because he does love them so much, but I'm not made of money.  After the initial running around like a cuckoo bird, he licks it to death, literally....the speaker and batteries get all wet and it stops working. Understandable that it would stop working, I know.  I have put one in a thick sock and knotted it up real tight, but he IS a bull terrier and shredded through that and then the ball didn't stand a chance.	I just wish they could somehow waterproof the speaker/battery compartment.	Would be great too if made of that thick rubber like Kongs, but I'll take waterproofing over that.
0,When you need to suck but don't want to get your mouth dirty this is your tool.....attachments for any size appendage.	Handles thick fluids well too with built in pump and valve...	Fun for hours
0,I have 3 big dogs (over 100 lbs) and they love the Nylabones.  These are so durable and long lasting...well worth the money.  I only buy the smooth Nylabones as I've read that dogs can break off tiny bits of the 'rough' ones thereby causing potential health problems.  Praise God that my dogs have never had any problems chewing on the smooth Nylabones.  They LOVE it!
0,Just what I wanted. Thanks
0,Very pleased with this, it's strong, well made, the knots are very tight. Saw the complaint about it not being good quality... no idea what that person's on, for it to be better quality, it would have to be made of steel threads, not cotton. Exactly as described, and you can't beat the price for a tug toy!!
0,My dog has pancreatic cancer.  I use this supplement to stave off seizures.  My dog loves the taste.  I just put a little on my finger and let her lick it off.  Works well.
0,These bags are just what I need for my dog walks! They seem a little larger than other brands, especially in width, making it easier to pick up a large dog's waste. I highly recommend this product and am glad that it is earth friendly too! So, stop using those plastic grocery bags.
0,Our 3 hamsters love this food!  They are doing very well on it and waste very little!  We just can't be the price in any of our local stores for the quality!
0,This is a great deal. Half the  price of supermarkets and brought to your door.  You needa relatively strong back.
0,worth the money but my BD didn't like them so i buy dubia now
0,My dogs absolutely love this toy and you can't beat the price.
0,Oscars love it.
0,Great mat for in front of a litter box.  It is soft on kitten feet and seems to trap litter okay.  I sweep once a day and don't see much litter around in the house.
0,Works perfect on my sand in a 75 gallon aquarium.	Easy to prime.
0,As of right now, these are my absolute favorite training pad for my pup. I ordered the X-Large and put them on&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/IRIS-Regular-Puppy-and-Dog-Training-Pet-Pad-Holder-Blue/dp/B004MYOINU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">IRIS Regular Puppy and Dog Training Pet Pad Holder, Blue</a>, which means that the pad is "too big" for the holder. However, I have a male beagle who, for whatever reason, likes to aim at the edge of the holder, and I find that giving him a bit overage helps combat his aiming.		They do well with soaking his urine, and only when he's peed more than once on the pad do I smell it. The pads don't gel like&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Hartz-Home-Protection-Unscented-Odor-Eliminating-Gel-Dog-Pads-50-Count/dp/B000G136RM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Hartz Home Protection Unscented Odor Eliminating Gel Dog Pads - 50 Count</a>, but I don't like for my pads to gel since my dog never uses the whole pad; and I'm able to sort of "fold" the access pad over to clean the corners of the holder. ( I use&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Comet-Bathroom-Cleaner-Spray-32-oz-2-pk/dp/B00J5HD33A/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Comet Bathroom Cleaner Spray - 32 oz - 2 pk</a>&nbsp;to clean the edge and the bottom of the holder since bleach is a base and urine is an acid. I like that it neutralizes the smell of urine enough that my dog doesn't mind going in the same place - he has a Beagley nose and is very selective.)		All and all, for the price point, and the amount you get, these pads are absolutely amazing!
0,These work sooo WELL when you are on the go and are unable to give a full bath; my pup loves them and gets excited whenever he sees the box; leaves a pleasant light Cherry Almond Scent, makes coat shiny on smooth hair dogs....WELL WORTH THE $$$
0,I finally found something that cured my fish of their mysterious ailment.  I now use a capful of prazipro every other week as a preventative, along with a UV sterilizer.  My fish have never been  happier
0,It works great I've used this for 25 years plus,  just keep it up don't give up	Take more than once but once thus learn or even see the bottle lol they won't chew anything you spray it on ....it takes patients and don't give up !! And  all of a sudden boom ! No more chewing ! You do need to re-apply a few times to your dogs fave thing of yours to chew lol ! Like my socks ! But no more ! I love and swear by this ! I've sprayed hair about everything wve my tv remotes (underneath ) leave them upside down ... And I've even oops spayed my silk pillow covers not heavy but it worked and didn't damage them just becareful on delicate things don't soak it .. I was very brave or ? Lol doing that by it worked she never focused them and she was in full on teething mode puppy ! English mastiff ... She doesn't touch anything ! I can leave my purse out the shoes my everything .. I had gigot about it when training my other puppy and omg it was a night mare so many things ruined ! Then poof lightbulb ! This makes your life and your doggie happy no upset mom cause doggie ate the remote or the new 800.00 leather cowboy boots  lol
0,I love the ability to size the collar to my pet myself. The rechargeable factor is a blessing. I never have to worry about batteries. I walk my dogs daily if weather permits. I charge the leash every two days. I received several compliments. My husband followed us in the car and was able to see us a quarter of the block down the street. I feel safer having these collars while walking my dogs in the evening; knowing cars can see us.
0,There's nothing as good or better for your puppy!  Worth the price and safe and comfortable for your dog. Puppia harnesses should be required for all dog owners because they prevent tracheal injury.
0,Easy to use and does not effect the water quality.
0,I was soooo very skeptical not of the product but if it could actually change my situation and the price of it didn't work. So apx 6 months ago my kids flooded the down stairs bathroom which poured out into the hallway. At which point my kids didn't really do a good job cleaning it up. We ended up getting 2 puppies whom decided this smelly area would be the best to potty...even with the door wide open. I have sense used everything imaginable on this area, steam cleaning it daily. Vinegar, pet removers, nature's miracle, everything that swears by their product and to no avail. I thought for sure well here is a couple thousand in carpet replacement. I ended up giving in and saying fine I will try 1 last thing and I guess 20$ thrown away vs a chance of not having to replace based on some of the reviews. And what do you know! The packaging states on tough stains may have 2 go over a second time. Which is what I had to do. After the first it was faintly there. Which was a miracle on it's own but still not good enough. So I went over a second time. It also even saved my bathroom rug. Which I want to point out isn't a cheap normal bathroom rug that I thought for sure would have to be discarded and was about to buy held out for this product. I couldn't be more happy that I did also. The fragrance is GONE. My carpets are saved, we can breathe again, I'm not embarrassed to have people over anymore apologizing for the smell the instant they walk in. We are a family limited on funds but I will forever swear by this product. I unfortunately used it all first time around but will absolutely buy this in the future and recommend it to all! I'm not sure what they did to make this such a powerful amazing product but they will have a lifetime customer from our home. Friends are already asking and adding this product to their list. This is perhaps the longest, most detailed review I have ever given but well worth it after being blown away by such an amazing product. I want to add as well, i air dried the area and gave it several days to sit just in case, before writing this. It's really gone. The smell of the product isn't bad either. Like a baby fragrance, so not an over powering flower smell. I'm blown away by your product and thank you so much for saving me thousands in replacing the carpets and rugs I thought were forever damaged without hope. This product should be getting a 10 star if you could. I have NEVER been more happier with my purchase.
0,It is great kit to begin with to a puppy  so you can make sure if he loves softer toys or harder ones. Plus the edible bone is tasty for them.
0,nice outside water pail
0,Very high quality dog food and is reasonably priced. Delivery was super fast and easy.
0,My dog destroyed this toy pretty quickly, just a few days. But he enjoyed the weight of it and the price was right for me!
0,This was the first time I tried the apple flavor - or rather the dog did and he loved them as much as the pumpkin and blueberry.  Another hit - the dog.
0,We have tried several harnesses for our American bulldog/Lab mix dog.  This is by far the best one we have ever used. So easy to put on and take off, and very comfortable for our dog.  Thank you so much
0,I recently adopted a longhaired dachshund/shih tzu mix from someone who was having some personal issues, and I have found that she came with a vet record of chronic yeast infections of the ear.  Her right ear had a just a little bit of gunk, not really something to worry about in the first place, and this stuff cleared it out without much of an issue in about 2 days.  However, I am still working on getting her left ear clear, which is the real problem area.  I have been using this for 4 days and so far and the redness and swelling has gone down some, she is not scratching at it often and it doesn't seem to bother her much at all, but there is still a bunch of waxy discharge and her ear looks a lot messier than it was before I started the medication.  I can't be super sure, but I don't think the infection has gotten worse.  I just think that the ear solution is probably just flushing it out the gunk and it's sticking to her outer ear because they are big,hairy, and floppy.  Also, part of the stickiness might be residue from the solution, because it's pretty thick.  I'm probably going to use it for a full 7-14 days, in hopes that it will eventually look as normal as the other ear.
0,My dog, who is an extreme chewer, likes it. So I am happy
0,Good potty training pads.
0,Just what I needed
0,My cats will fight over who gets to sleep on this pet bed, and they both like kneading it before going to sleep. It took a while to convince them to use it, but now it's their favorite place in the house.
0,I love being able to find twice as much as I got from my vet for half the price, in the same amount of time.
0,I have 3 kitties and they all Love any of the filet choices. This one, however, is a Favorite!!!
0,My chia-pom went crazy when she saw this. I couldn't get it out of the package fast enough, and then when I inserted all the squeakers, it became her favorite kong toy. She even slept with it!
0,Haven't seen a huge difference since adding this to the sump, if anything it helps to maintain your current status in the tank, rather than truly clearing anything up, perhaps I should try adding one more to see what happens, I did notice that the water quality seemed to improve abit as far as clarity, so i will rate 4/5 stars, for the price the product is well worth it for a good addition to your sump. I am running 1 media bag of this + 2 bags of Chemi Pure w/ live rock in the sump.
0,Ember, my loving beautiful tiger cat is so worthy of this great invention. She is 5 and has suddenly been forced to stay indoors due to our county regulations about roaming cats. She enjoyed it from the moment she saw it. She even loves batting at the little ball inside. Its true that it needs to be up against a wall to keep it from sliding but she has fun driving it around the living room. Once an area is "scratched up" you can just take out the scratching board and turn it so the top is now at the bottom, and when that side gets used up, you can flip the whole thing over. So its like rotating tires, well, almost. I put a little sprinkle of cat nip on it now and then to watch Ember become a kitten again. Well worth the very affordable price.
0,My dog loves these treats! She was a bit skeptical about them at first since she's never had berry flavored anything. But, after eating one, she keeps asking for me.	She used to have trouble eating her dry food and just biting things in general and I would always have to put a bit of water in the food to soften it up. But after having these treats, I think she figured out how to use her back teeth to bite into things cause now she doesn't have any problems with her dry food.	I love how there's so many treats inside and that it's 100% organic!
0,My cats act just like the ones in the picture on this product! They love it! I love the fact that the cardboard is better than the regular pet store brands so there's less tracking and they last longer and look better in my living room.
0,Can't go wrong with a KONG!!
0,all my fish loves it. The problem now is my middle and top swimmer eat its before my bottom feeder can  get to it.
0,My cat is 10 years old and until 2 years ago I fed her PurinaOne. I finally decided to try Blue Buffalo and the difference is pretty clear. She eats way less because she isn't eating a bunch of filler crap, so even though this is twice as expensive at Purina, it lasts twice as long because she eats half as much. Basically the cost evens out to about the same. I'll never feed her anything else now.
0,I have a dog with a very sensitive stomach, so she has to be on a special soy food that doesn't have many nutrients. So I decided to try this supplement for her, because she frequently has itchy skin, and also tends to be constipated.  This works great, has resolved the constipation issue and decreased her itchiness.  Plus I feel better knowing that she's getting all the nutrients that she needs, and that the glucosamine is protecting her joints from future damage.	I also used this with a previous dog that had terrible dry, flaky skin, and this did wonders for her.  Her fur got shinier, too.	It does result in your dog having slightly fishy breath, and if your dog has a heavy beard (like mine), the powder tends to kind of coat the beard, which is gross.  I wipe it off with a paper towel, or I put yogurt on top of it (the powder, not the dog's beard), which results in less mess (and a happier dog).	One note: Since this has fiber, you MUST start off with a small amount and slowly increase it over time - otherwise your dog will get an upset stomach.
0,I have a 9 year old poodle who, when she sleeps, leaks urine. She sleeps on a bed pillow in her dog bed. First I put a Wee Wee pad over the pillow, then put the pillow in a case. If it weren't for the Wee Wee pad, I would have had ruined pillows by now. These work well for me, when used as a pillow saver. The shipment is fast. This was my second order for this item. They are much more expensive in the pet supply stores. MAK, PA
0,I have a Newfoundland, a Westie, a long-haired Chihuahua, and a Shih Tzu mix. Just got the RapidBath in the mail today, got it hooked up in my shower in less than five minutes, and had all three of my smaller dogs bathed in less than 10 minutes. It took less than a minute to wash my 7 lb chihuahua. They all seemed to enjoy the massage, and they smell and look super clean! It even broke up the crusty buildup in the corners of their eyes (I held their eyes closed and used the low setting, without soap).		It used to take me an entire weekend to wash all four dogs, doing two each day because it is normally so time consuming. I am SOLD.		*Edit - Later I washed my Newfoundland with the RapidBath in less than five minutes. She weighs 110 lbs and has a thick, oily coat, so bathing her normally takes at least an hour and is exhausting just due to her size! It even penetrated her thick, fuzzy undercoat with no problem.
0,Dogs love these
0,Nice tank
0,I bought these and the Kong green tennis balls for my dog, a d she really enjoys them. They hold up really well! She has tons of fun with them, tosses them around, and workmanship is just great. Excellent buy specially for the price
0,Do not try to reorient the thermometer.  It becomes very hard to read.
0,My little Scarlet loves her ball...
0,Folds together really small/flat. Easy and quick to unfold/asemble. Plenty of room for my cat. It's great to put on your lap and open the side door to cuddle with the cat when the side wall is flipped open. My cat prefers this over more see through ones, and enjoys using it as a dark place to sleep during the day when we're at home as well.
0,I bought this for my short haired small dog.  I could not find another brush that would get the loose fur.  This one works better than most.  It especially works while in the tub.  My dog enjoys the scrubbing in the tub with the brush.  He doesn't seem to like it dry too much.  It does work and that's the main thing.
0,Great travel crate for our 20 pound dog who is tall. We needed a medium size crate that was taller than some of the others we've seen. This one fit the bill perfectly. Crate door is easy to open/close. Dog is comfortable inside crate. Plenty of room for him to sit up tall when he wants to see out the window or lay down flat when he's sleepy. Would definitely recommend.
0,As described
0,Really easy instructions. Perfect.
0,We bought a red one from the pet store a while back. The dogs killed the squeaker, but still loved to chase it. It is a great toy to chuck for them to chase and bring back. We took it to the lake. It isn't the best floating toy, and fills with water and squeaker doesn't squeak well afterwards, but they chase after it just the same. Santa brought them more for Christmas, so that we don't ever have to 'search' for one to take to the park or the lake. It is destructible, but it takes a while before it falls apart.  We have an American Bull dog, a 35lb mutt and a chihuahua. The Chihuahua doesn't play with it, but she will chase the other two as they run around!
0,We use these for our 1.5 gallon tank. We have a beta fish and these keep the tank for getting dirty too quickly. We can typically go about a month with very little to no maintenance.
0,Very nice mat.
0,My dog is deaf so anything that blocks his vision freaks him out and makes him panic, cones are not an option. He recently had surgery and this was perfect. He couldn't reach the stitches and could still see so no panicked dog crashing around my house. It also still alowes access to food and water. Could not be happier with this doughnut.
0,Nice collar. The dog says "woof", which I assume means that she likes it.
0,I originally bought this because one of my dogs was rescued from a bad situation and was severely malnourished. She had a terrible ear infection, was very weak, and has started to show early signs of demodectic mange. Along with the medicine from the vet, I started giving her this twice a day with her food. Within a few days she had lots more energy and I could tell she felt much better. Her ear infection was cleared after a week, and the mange didn't progress at all. I now give this to both my dogs everyday in their food, and they love the taste!
0,I purchased an XL for my dog and it fits great. The dimensions are true to size. The pink color is very cute and the harness itself seems to be well made. I appreciate the selection of cute, bright colors that Puppia offers.
0,Maybe it's the winter blues, but my St. Bernard (Zelda) started a hot spot on her hind leg that seemed to "blow up" over night and covered the entire rear thigh portion. Through trial and error, here's what I did to treat this hot spot and others that "pop up" from nowhere:		#1: Shave the hair away from the hot spot (you don't have to "bald" the area, but the skin does need to breathe)(home clippers do the trick---be sure to take apart and clean those clippers w/alcohol, then oil, when finished).		#2: I use this product. It does seem to bring instant relief. It is strong smelling, but if it helps her get instant relief I will use it. It's better smelling than the #3 home remedy that I use. (P.S. You can spray the air w/the Odo Ban sold on this web site to freshen up the house when finished playing "voodoo" doctor on your dog).		#3: Home remedy: In a pint size mason jar I mix 2 vials of golden seal, approximately 20-25 drops of tea tree oil and approximately 3 Tablespoons of Jojoba oil. Fill the rest of the way with water. Once mixed, I use 1/4 of the mixture (make it as close to room temp as possible)and soak the sore using a sterile gauze pad. After about 2 hours I will give the sore a spray with the Vet's Best Hot Spot (I use the spray about 3 times per day). I use the home remedy in the morning and before bed time. Cover the mason jar and store it in the refrigerator and microwave 1/4 of the mix for approx. 15-20 seconds (covered w/paper towel)when it's time to treat the sore.		#4: I give a generic over the counter benadryl (25 mg. diphenhydramine hydrochloride) in the morning and at night.		I could not afford a $300 vet bill (with their trial and error as to what is causing the hot spot, not to mention her trauma at going to the vet's) and thought I would try this first. The hot spot on the thigh had me worried until I tried all of this. As of today (after 1 week of treatment) the thigh is healed and has hair growing back (even after re-shaving the area after 3 days of treatment). I think the jojoba oil being packed w/vitamin E encourages the quick growth.		I hope this helps give your pet (and you) relief.
0,Great for what they are, and cheap to boot.
0,This is an expensive way to purchase this product due to it's weight.
0,Used about half this gallon. Not sure if it really works as they say enzymes do but it does eliminate smell on wood floors, carpet, and furniture. The scent isn't over powering and dissipates rather quickly leaving an odor free space.
0,I am so glad that I have found Taste of the Wild. This dog food is made by Diamond, which is a well know, good quality dog food. Taste fo the Wild is a grain free formula for all life stages. I've been trying for a year now to find a good quality dog food that won't break my bank. I tried Nutro Max, Nutro Ultra, Nature's Recipe, and even the highly claimed Canidea (which he did not do well on at all). I found Taste of the Wild (among other high quality foods) at a local feed store. I placed 5 different high quality dog foods down, and even his current dog food, to see which one he would go to first. He went to the Taste of the Wild first and went between this and another brand. What really got me was that my parents' very picky pomeranian went straight for this food, and ate it without wet food on it!		So I brought Taste of the Wild home and have been switching it, slowly, over. PLEASE make sure when you switch your pet's food you mix it slowly and gradually over time or else your pet may get an upset stomach.		Overall he's doing much better. His coat is shiner, he has more energy, and he gobbles up the food. Taste of the Wild costs about as much as some name brand foods at Petsmart and is a much better quality food. Email them and they will send you samples so you can have your dog try it.
0,<div id="video-block-R1S9W98C6EZNWQ" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1REelqguWS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91MIBlnl8BS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;I didn't measure but I got a medium and it fits well a tad big but better than too tight since you can't adjust the width more than about an inch. This will be great for walks when he pulls and won't choke himself anymore
0,I have a 12 week Lab pup with the attention span of a gnat and an overwhelming urge to chew on everything she can get in her mouth.  She spent more time with this tire today than any of her other 40-50 toys. (Yes, very spoiled, I know! ). I wedged a few morsels of her regular kibble into the inner tube area of the toy and she was delighted with trying to get those out of her tire. And I was really happy to get a pink one.
0,Price is right and it doesn't mess up my pond. I would like to find a version that sinks a little (these pretty much float directly into the skimmer if the fish don't gobble them up- but that's probably because we have a heavy-duty filtration/pump system). Overall the fish are happy and healthy (and vibrant!) so what more could I ask for?
0,I love this leash! I have an 80 lb Staffordshire terrier and a 20 lb chihuahua mix and they're able to walk freely without really pulling each other or myself. I've been using it multiple times a day for almost a year and it's been holding up well. It's much easier to use this leash than to have to use 2 leashes with 2 different sizes dogs with different walking habits. Great purchase!
0,I've tried out other kinds of Arm and Hammer litter for my two kittens and this one seems to be the best. It conveniently clumps and definitely does mask smells without having a strong odor itself. 4 stars because when it is next to the heater or sunny window, the clumping doesn't really work.
0,Nice to have it brought to my door
0,The Marineland Rite-Size Cartridge "C" 6-pack are excellent filters for my 29 gallon aquarium tank. I have used these filters for many years with good results! I highly recommend! A+++++
0,I have had the breeze litter system for over a year and I could not be any happier with it.  I will never use a different litter box again and I seriously recommend and rave to everyone about it.  It has eliminated "litter box smell" from my home completely.  People comment on it all the time.  They say you wouldn't even think there were cats in the house.  It's amazing!  True, the supplies may seem costly to some but once you see it in action, it's well worth the money.  Also, the supplies last longer than you might think.  The best feature is the tray with liner pad for absorbing urine, not only does it separate liquid and solid waste but it makes cleanup a breeze and traps urine odor.  The pellets are long lasting, there is no waste compared to clumping or traditional litter.  I have multiple cats and only need three bags per month.  Personally I scoop the box twice daily & change the pads every three days or so.  If your pad overfills, it's still not so bad.  You take out the tray and the pad just slides right into a bag or trash (however you want to dispose of them) and you pour out any overflow, rinse out the tray, pop in fresh liner and you're good to go.  The box is therefore always as if it were fresh and new which makes the kitties happy and it's more sanitary for them.  You could have trouble finding the supplies in stores.  I first bought mine at Walmart but then they did not always have the pellets or pads in stock which was very frustrating... until I found them on amazon & I love the subscribe and save plan as well.  I have gotten by with one system just fine, though I'm now adding a second one to my home for the convenience for myself and the kitties.  I cannot say enough positive about this product!  The only possible "down" side to it, once your cats are used to it... they probably will not use traditional litter again so make sure you stay stocked on refills.  Years ago I used Feline Pine and at the time I loved that.  It was the best product at the time that I had tried.  This is (at least) ten times better!
0,I used to own a water bottle for pets but, it would leak everywhere. This water bowl is great. I bring it everywhere with the dogs. So far, it hasn't leaked or caused me any problems. I just bring a water bottle with me and keep this bowl in my pocket or bag. The bowl dries very quickly too.
0,This is the best dog seat in my opinion. It keeps your dog tied in safely and comfortably. I use it when we travel as his bed in hotels or at others' homes. He loves it. This is the second one I've purchased. When my first baby passed, I gave the seat away. I adopted my new fella and immediately bought one for him. A harness and the car's seatbelt are all you need. It's high so they can see out and/or hang out a cracked window.
0,Good size bag, will last me a long time. Works great on filtration collecting small debris and particles at a very good price. Will buy more in the future.
0,My dogs love these.
0,We share our home with four various aged dogs between eight and eighteen pounds, with also various teeth, all being rescues. This pack of small dingo ties really hits the spot, both for size and chewability. The cockapoo distemper survivor has been fully occupied all afternoon with all the satisfaction one can expect from a housepet. The others are pleased, too, but her engagement is especially noteworthy. We consider these a very good value.
0,works well.  problems...1. the filter needs to be taller so the water don't flow over the top and not get filtered, low flow setting helps this though.  2.  the top is easily knocked off when re-filling.  all in all good product and does what it claims.
0,Very cute cat bowl. Colors are vivid and the bowl appears well made. Purchased one in each color (green, blue, red) and love all three. They hold up well in the dishwasher and they nest well when stored. Great purchase!
0,This cat litter works really well; however, when I went to purchase it again the price went up drastically.  I'm not sure if I received a promotional price the first time or not.  I just can not justify the price even though the product is nice.  It's just too expensive for my budget.  Please offer at lower rates again.
0,Works great every time I buy one.
0,he loves it
0,works great
0,Love this hoodie and it was a fabulous price! The XXL fits my 55 pound dog really well, but it is very long. I'm going to hem it, so it will definitely fit her better. For the price though, it is great!
0,This is a nice system for puppies and older dogs who need re-training. There are a few dogs in rescue who are blind, and this set seemed like a good idea for them too since it has an audible feature that can be turned on or off. The pads are a bit small and I did not see a bigger size offered separately. One may need to place an appropriate sized pad over or under this one if it is too small for your dog. The treat dispenser has a little plastic part that lets you see the correct size of treat or kibble you need to use. I recommend a good quality small bite kibble for this. The batteries come included, but I would get backups as well. The AC adopter is sold separately and may be a good idea as long as you are confident your dog won't chew or trip over the cord. The dispenser has a colored coded system to let you know how much battery life is left.		The Good:		 Pee Pad Clip can work attached to the pad, or remotely	 Audible function for sight inspired dogs	 Postive reinforcement training	 Good investment for foster homes to train dogs who come in and out of rescue	 Customer service number available to help	 Mostly easy to use		The Not So Good:		 Takes many batteries	 Pad size is small and refills are expensive	 Treats need to be a certain size or device will get jammed or dispense too many treats	 Some sounds from the device may frighten skittish dogs		Overall, I think this kit would make a nice gift for a new dog owner, foster home, or rescue group.
0,What can I say, my girls love Fancy Feast they get it as a supplement to their dry food.  Perfect size when you divide by 3.  High quality for a canned food (yes I know it is technically kitty junk food).
0,My scardy cat Dog would't use it. I watched all the videos and tried all the tips and tricks. Nothing worked. So after the 4th time she used the bathroom in the house, with having this great door in place, I blocked her over by the door for two days. She got the hang of it and we haven't had anymore potting in the house! Highly recommend this if you have a pet that need out often an cant be there to play door service all day long.
0,My dogs really like these but I checked on the bag and I don't like to buy treats  made in China for them.
0,Great size for a large guinea pig!  Mine loves it so much he'll just run right in.		  Seems pretty sturdy and I like that it has the zipper window on the side.  Easy access...
0,I am using these pads to help potty train my 3 month old Corgi.  She prefers to go outside & goes to these pads for "accidents".  She has used them from the beginning & now as she gets older her "accidents" in the house (on the pads!) are becoming fewer.  I have seen no leakage as some other users have had; however I might be changing them more frequently than other users.  This is the first time I have used these pads & feel they are a definite help with housebreaking a pup.
0,Works as expected. Rolls easily and holds a big bag of dog food with a good seal on it.
0,Looked adorable on my son's dog, easy to put on and pup wasn't able to take it off.
1,These are way too tight in the size needed for my Min Pin, but the next size up is too large. He also peed through it quite easily. Have resorted to using disposable diapers which are much more adjustable.
1,My chihuahua is very small and skinny and the coat velcro barely close the coat on his back. This is more for teacup size dogs and not for small dogs. If it didn't fit nice and wasn't comfortable on my skinny chihuahua, it won't fit on  dogs that have more body to cover.
1,I won't be ordering this again! I'll stick to fussie cat tuna with salmon which my cat love's and can't get enough.
1,Wate of money. My pup sleeps on the pad that's inside and pees right next to it. Also absorbs odors and I rinse it daily!
1,I used to buy these a lot but haven't for about 6 months because I joined BarkBox and had more than enough treats around the house. I thought I'd go back to them because my dog LOVED them so much. But something is terribly wrong with them....both dogs threw them up the next day!  Undigested pieces of the yam and white froth came up.  I thought it may be a fluke so I continued to give them to them but the same thing happened.  They look and smell the same but they made both dogs sick.  I threw them away and will never order them again. Too bad...yams are so good for them.
1,Sizes are very small- my JR normally gets smalls and there is room but this coat I couldn't even get on her front lets- sizing was meant for a toy sized dog. Other than the sizing issue it was made very well.
1,My cats will eat anything.  But they would not eat these pill pockets - even if there were no pills in them.
1,Returned it. The wheels would barely move on the hardwood floors in my house, they certainly weren't going to move across sidewalks and trails. I spent an extra $30 on the next stroller I bought and I was glad to have done that. It isn't worth it to try to save money if the product doesn't even work.
1,I don't like this product. I put it on my dog which has white fur a month ago, besides its strong herbal smell, it stains my dog's fur for long time! It has been a month, and we have bathed her twice so far, but the green color from this product is not going away! Don't get this product if you dogs have white fur or hair, unless you want him/her to become a green dog!
1,it costs a bit , but it outweighs the cost really fast, I have a bunny who pees a lot, and he was stinking up my small studio apartment really fast, but not anymore. Ever since I started using the bedding ,my place smells good for WEEKS at a time. I was a bit turned off by the price, but once I got to use the product, I learned that the price is more than fair.	It's efficient	It lasts a long time.	My pet loves it.	Editing review since whoever is handling the sales of this product doesn't know what it means to be ETHICAL.	I ordered this , and it went into "backorder " for WEEKS AT A TIME.	I contacted them and they kept telling me that product wasn't there, then, WITHOUT NOTICE, THEY CANCELLED MY ORDER and refilled their stocks with the product , only for a higher price.	I have since just started using a local pet store, it's not as fun to travel, especially over a little item like this, but I just can't get over them	- saying that they're out of stock till the stock comes in for a HIGHER PRICE	- having my order cancelled without notice .	I have no time for those who have no ethics.
1,this toy is not good the skeaks don't even work
1,My cockatiel doesn't play with it, I remove it from his cage after a month.
1,Don't understand the ratings saying it's all natural. Read the description it does contain antibiotics
1,This toy looked so cute, I really hoped it was something that my two cats would like. Set up was pretty easy, it takes three AAA batteries, which are not included.  Attaching it to the counter was pretty easy, but don't use it on aa good table as it will leave a dent.		You press a button to turn it on and it alternately swings back and forth and occasionally swings over the top. Our older cat was very interested at first, until it swung over the top which scared her and after that she wouldn't even come near. Our younger cat, who I thought would love this, completely ignored it every time I tried to show it to her.		There's also a problem of the string getting tangled when it swings completely around. It tangled to the point it wouldn't work almost every time I turned it on.  Didn't work for us.
1,I've used a couple different clarifiers forlorn my 37 gallon tank and this one is by far the worst. I went out of town for a few days and when I got back, the water was really cloudy. I put this in the tank and nothing. So after a couple days I did a 25% water change and put another dose of this in. Still nothing. So it's obviously not working for me. I use a lot of tetra products and they usually work good. But not this time!! I only got it because it was cheap but I think I'm gonna stick with the aqueon water clarifier.
1,If you have a male cat, this is the *WRONG* litterbox for you! Male cats pee backwards, not straight down, so the pee hits the back of the wall of the dome, and then due to a horrible design where the lid is larger and sits on top of the base, runs out the back of the litterbox onto your floor.		It doesn't matter how hard you press the lid down to create a tight seal, doesn't matter if you use multiple litter liners to tighten up the seal, doesn't matter if you stuff paper towel in there to absorb what leaks, doesn't matter if you heap up the litter in the back to absorb the spray, the bad design will cause a giant, smelly mess every week, without fail.		I'm giving it two stars instead of one because my 15 lbs, large male cat fits in here fairly comfortably, so if you need a spacious box for a female cat, this is probably a decent choice. Otherwise, steer clear.
1,Has Carrageenan which is no good for dogs its hard for me to believe that an organic food would have this ingredient in it
1,My cats don't have much interest in the toy. It barely wobbles around. They do like the treats though.
1,I want to love this item, i really do.  The first few weeks were great. Rolled and worked just as described. Then one day my cat made loose stool and it just smeared all over the box and grates. I had to disasemble it and take it outside to completely hose it down and bleach it. That didn't stop, another semi loose stool and when i rolled the box it just got all over the sides. I now no longer roll it. I just scope as per usual and use the cat litter genie. Forget about the rolling unless you want to constantly take it apart to clean.
1,This didn't work at all. Our poor dog had so many ticks attached to him. We switched to oral meds and now he finally doesn't have ticks sucking him anymore!
1,My 45lb puppy snapped this and got away. It took a few hours of looking around the neighborhood to find him. It's cheap and I liked it up until this point but things under the weight limit should NOT break. It is dangerous. I'd like a replacement in hopes that the one I got was just a faulty one.		In the photo you can see it snapped about a foot from the attachment point.
1,I ordered an XL for my full grown 95 puns white German Shepherd and I had to put in the absolutely smallest settings. A large may have been better. It isn't really a harness that deters a dog from pulling. Also the handle on the harness is flimsy and a strong dog could easily pull away. I would not advise for anyone with a reactive dog, a large dog, or a dog that pulls.
1,Have used a gentile leader for years, ordered a new one and can say the quality is not as good as before, do no expect this collar to hold up for very long with daily use
1,good price
1,Ordered this and received a replacement.  Both arrived very dirty, covered with something I had trouble cleaning off. I had to soak it overnight and my dog still does not seem to want to play with it.  Maybe I just was part of a bad lot because at the pet store these look nice and clean.  Should be fun to play with but if you get a dirty one send it back because whatever is on there leaves something the dog avoids.
1,Returned item wrong size sent, was advertised as larger can for the price, but sent smaller  can.
1,Unfortunately, this collar caused our dog (chi-mix, 12 pounds) to go into "shock". We tested the collar on our 14 year old daughter who felt the delivered setting of 4 was painful even to herself. We set the collar to level 1 for the dog with the intention of increasing it if necessary; however, when the first shock was activated, it caused the dog to yelp in panic which increased the level of shocks being delivered to the dog through to the maximum level. He was traumatized and the collar has been sitting around the house for the past week.		We also have two 4 pound chi's who bark and may have inadvertently set the collar off. I wish there was a product product on the market for these smaller dogs.		The Anti-Bark collar reviewed here would probably be fine for the larger breed dogs. However, I cannot endorse it for smaller breeds.
1,I bought these for my chinese crested - we recently adopted her about 4 months ago. She was rescued from a breeder and has some issues with nervousness and separation anxiety. I was really hoping that these would calm her down, especially at night. I didn't see much of a difference. I'm giving this product a 2-star rating because she really likes them as far as the taste goes, and there's a chance it's helped calm her slightly, but the difference isn't all that noticeable. Her separation anxiety is fairly extreme though, so it might work for your dog if it's a very minor problem.
1,My miniature poodle, who can't put a hole in anything, chewed right through these.
1,Did not work. I bought their actual catnip, which did work.		Also, when I'd spray it, it made my eyes water &my nose start to feel like it's burning. I was not purposely inhaling it &always had to close the room &leave it after just a couple sprays. I suggest just paying for the normal catnip. This spray is just chemicals and water.
1,Better to find a dog recipe that uses Natural Peanut Butter or some other flavor or fruit. Since this was plain (people type) ingredients, I actually tried a piece and could barely taste anything. Cardboard probably has the same amount of flavor.		I'll be going back to K9 Granola Factory Soft Bakes instead or maybe bake some generic dog cookie treat from a dog website.		You might also want to take a look at Dog recipe books like ...	Ultimate Pet Food Guide	Healthy Dog Cookbook	Pet Food Nation Healthy Way to Feed Your Pet		<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Ultimate-Pet-Food-Guide-Everything-You-Need-to-Know-about-Feeding-Your-Dog-or-Cat/dp/1600940714/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Ultimate Pet Food Guide: Everything You Need to Know about Feeding Your Dog or Cat</a>		<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Healthy-Dog-Cookbook-50-Nutritious-amp-Delicious-Recipies-Your-Dog-Will-Love/dp/0793806577/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Healthy Dog Cookbook: 50 Nutritious & Delicious Recipies Your Dog Will Love</a>		<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Pet-Food-Nation-The-Smart-Easy-and-Healthy-Way-to-Feed-Your-Pet-Now/dp/B001PO6AU4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Pet Food Nation: The Smart, Easy, and Healthy Way to Feed Your Pet Now</a>		<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/K9-Granola-Factory-Soft-Bakes-Cinnamon-Roll/dp/B0042L0IHS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">K9 Granola Factory Soft Bakes Cinnamon Roll</a>
1,I got the blue one. She likes most toys but has never really been interested in this one.  It currently sits at the bottom of her toy bin.
1,I've been buying this brand and this variety pack for a few years now, so I'm sad to say that recently quality control has been less than optimal. I usually expect the chicken to be a bit more water than the other favors, but recently it has been either extreme mush or more lumpy like the turkey giblet. The other flavors have also been frequently just mush - any more water and it would be like soup. Unless quality control improves, I'll be looking for another brand soon.
1,If you have a dog that lives in Wonderland, this is the perfect item for you.	I bought a large size. Everything I buy is for large dogs, Pares is a yellow lab and this product will be perfect if I had a very small chihuahua. By the way Pares is only 7 months old and he already can't fit in this thing.	This product is only if you have a minuscule dog.
1,This harness is extremely difficult to put on, especially when your four-legged buddy is anticipating a walk, loosens itself a lot while walking making you re-adjust it constantly, and simply wasn't effective after about the third walk. We found a far more effective harness:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Premier-Easy-Walk-Dog-Harness-Red-Large/dp/B000BHT5OE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Premier Easy Walk Dog Harness, Red, Large</a>
1,Makes a ton of bubbles BUT i cant find a way to get them to come out the middle section as strong as the ends. Burried under 1" of black diamond blasting sand.		I ended up buying the straight bubble wands and throwing this away. The corners kept raising out of the gravel and it became impossible to adjust it without having a part raise out. I would recommend the straight bubble wands unless you plan on putting heavy gravel on this.
1,Not leakproof
1,extremely narrow around chest sized for a small cat not for an 11 lb dog
1,This thing looks small in the picture but it is HUGE! And very bulky, I didn't even turn it on, I pulled it out of the box and stuffed it right back in. I don't know if it works or not as I am sure my dogs would have ran for the hills if I had attempted to approach them with this monster in my hands. My search continues. :)
1,I used to love this product but don't trust it now that there was a report that the ingredients that are listed on packaging are not what is actually in the food.  They allegedly are using chicken parts and other parts not listed and not necessarily good for your dog.
1,Arrive december 7 2016 today january 14 no more work  bad heater
1,Waste of money, I had to modify it to make it work on my cage.
1,Someone donated a bag of this to our local animal shelter and we filled 15 cat litter pans with it.  The next day, we found that 12 of the 15 cats had pooped on their towel outside of the litter box rather than in the litter box (with our normal litter, all of them poop inside the box).  The cats really must have had an aversion to the smell or texture of the product.  In addition, flecks of litter lined the walls of many of the cages (this doesn't happen with the heavier clay litter).		Needless to say, it took a lot longer to scrub out all of the cages that morning.  I would definitely not recommend this product, even as a donation to animal shelters!
1,didn't work for my dog at all - I was really hopeful but she still gets really crazy from storms and outside noises
1,these just didn't hold up but a few minutes for our 6 lb puggle mix	will stick with bully bones which last for weeks of chew time vs. 10 minutes or less
1,I did not receive the same cave in the pictures. You need to update the pictures in the listing. The pictures show small lid with big base, but I got big lid with small base. It doesn't work for me. Returning...
1,This leash broke after one week. I am not sure how it happened..one minute the dog was tied to a tree and the next he was in the back yard. He might have chewed it, but it literally took him less than a minute to get through it.
1,Not at all what i expected, it does not plug in, and it is cheaply made with barely any cushion.
1,I really wanted to like this pouch, but the closure cancels everything out. It's nice and roomy. The description said it's a magnetic closure (which it is) and that it securelycloses the pouch.	Wrong! The magnetic latch is about 1 inch wide so what you have is 1 inch of the closure that is held closed but the rest is loosey goosey.		I wanted to use this to keep treats in my car and not have to keep the bag upright. I wanted to be able to be just toss it in the backseat. But I can't so I've not even taken this out of the plastic except to see how flimsy the latch is.
1,Does not have an opening for the electric kitty heater cord and does not fit over the K&H hard plastic pet heater. Waste of money!
1,This might work for some cats, but it didn't work for any of mine. They continued to jump on dining room table and kitchen counter despite the alarm level being set on high...I felt as the cats simply laughed at me...lol!  I ended up returning this item.
1,It is bigger than I thought it would be and the Milkbones that I was hoping to place inside of the ball always fall out.  Not very fun
1,These leashes are OK, I have purchased Lupine leashes for years and loved them.  The last two leashes that I ordered were very cheap and flimsy feeling.  The Lupine leashes I used to order were more of a stiff and durable feeling material, these are not.  Not very impressed.
1,I read the measurements so I knew it was a short condo but I did not know how miniature this thing is in every way. It is suitable for a 3lb kitten and nothing more. Don't waste your money
1,Super cute toy, but my 50 pound Staffy destroyed it in 30 minutes :(  I did like that it wasn't filled with stuffing that made a mess when she destroyed it.
1,This heater malfunctioned and defaulted to 94 degrees after being set to 78 first time out of the box..I am fortunate that I happened to check temp to my horror it was 95 in the tank quick 20 gallon water change brought down the temp was very lucky I didn't lose any fish.. the item arrived in a bubble envelope box crushed I doubt that was the reason but still put it in a box.  UPDATE 7-22-16 I just had another malfunction the same locked in at  94  cannot adjust temp it's shot never again I have 3 other's  but they are in sight hopefully I won't have another but I'm amazed and disappointed at such a expensive heater happen twice in the same manner I'm just lucky to have caught them and didn't lose any fish but I'm done with Cobalt never again I have 5 aquariums and can't afford to have issues such as this.
1,This was the worst product I have ever bought from amazon. Each roll holds 1/4 the number of sheets that a standard roller does, and the sheets don't tear off cleanly so you end up with a mess and use an entire "roll" to clean one thing.
1,Did not work on any of my three cats
1,Alfalfa hay, SHOULD BE FEED TO ADULT GUINEA. IT MEANT FOR BABY PIGGIES, CAN CAUSE HEALTH PROBLEM FOR ADULT PIGGIES!
1,Didn't firm her stools.
1,I was excited to get this for my ratties, but once I opened it up, I realized it was way too big for their cage. It's about a foot and a half long, and doesn't stay open like it looks in the picture. I also got an ugly, dull blue color. If there were an option to choose the color and length, I might be more happy with my purchase.
1,The hand controller has an up/down power control on it.  On the one I got, it will only go down.  If I want to go from 70 up to 80, I have to go all the way down to 0, then on to 80.		I've had this a week now and as of this morning, the cheap plastic the collar loops through onto the shock/vibration box has broken on both sides.  It wasn't misused, just worn.  Now it's useless.		Never again.
1,A piece of junk.  Doesn't work.  Save your money.
1,The bag came open
1,We have been trying to put this together for over an hour. Its bent and two pieces are stuck together so tightly we have tried everything from a hammer to pliers. If we could box it up and return it we would but had to rip the box to open it. Very unhappy with this easy assembly.  Will be interested to see how it works. If we ever get it assembled.
1,I love this product but most sellers on here do not say how many bags are in the total price.  This would be so much easier instead of us guessing.
1,Arrived heavily damaged and had to be returned. Looked nice product if it hadn't been damaged.
1,unbelievable.  I got it yesterday and my dog chewed up the plug in this toy within 30 minutes.  Terrible.  DO NOT BUY!
1,My cat likes the gravy but won't eat the food.
1,The panties were so small I actually could not put a med size on a small dog!! The look like thong underwear. Order 2 sizes bigger if you want them to fit.
1,My picky dog showed no interest at first and still does not. Bone sits without being chewed.
1,Well, while their life together was short, Mr. Deer and Pupper had a fun time together.		The squeak IS not silent, but isn't loud enough to be a real bother, either. It's certainly quieter than any other squeaker and those water-bottle toys. And the dogs do seem too be ale to hear the squeak, which is neat. Science!		It is fortunate that this is a "flattie" because the doggo ripped this guy to shreds Without. A.Problem.		A little more durability would make this a great buy...tougher fabric and double stitching, maybe? But as it is, I wouldn't' buy it again unless it's for a very GENTLE dog who happens to love squeakers.
1,ears ripped off right away, not worth the money!
1,I tried this because I read that non clomping litter tracks less. This litter is all over my bathroom, it does nothing for odor control, and it has lots of dust.
1,AWFUL there huge and cheap looking! DO NOT BUY i wish i can give it no stars. Its a scam
1,dogs used as a chew toy and destroyed it in a few days. this ended up being a hard plastic and not a rubberized material. would not recommend this product.
1,Item did not weigh 32 oz. as advertised, but 28 oz.  I found a locally owned store that sells 14 oz. bags of this identical product at $9.00 per bag--cheaper.
1,Runs Small, Gave it to a friend for her Chihuahua, Was originally bought for my maltese
1,They felt like rubber. Only one of my dogs accepted it and played with a little and didn't eat it.
1,Terrible treats, they are hard and too large for any dog to have as a treat.
1,Just got this in the mail. Put it together and it didn't even make it outside. Worst cage ever to put together. No instructions. Doesn't make sense. The tarp to put over top doesn't fit. Don't order. PIECE OF CRAP! So mad
1,The top number was to loose when I purchased but used it anyway. Then it broke and wouldnt unlock while in use on my terrarium. After 20 minutes of trying to unlock the thing I had to use wire cutters to get it off.
1,This worked for about a month then it did nothing. Both my cats are longhair and both indoor only. I called my vet who introduced me to Revolution a prescription only. It's been six months and three applications and a lot of cleaning vacuuming ect... And finally no fleas. When I adopted Tosh he was infested already with them so in a week or so the house was infested. But back to the product I'm reviewing Advantage 2. What a joke and a waste of money. The fleas were immune to it. Crazy San Francisco fleas.
1,They're aren't enough balls so not worth the price.  I bought these when I bought the "Ball Pit" (that I was also disappointed with) thinking that together they would be enough to cover my ferrets.  There aren't enough to cover even one.  The ferrets still dig in them but they can't hide from each other.  I also bought the 15 foot tubing, put each end in the two round openings and the ferrets chase each other but without the tubing and not adding any more balls the ferrets get bored with the "Ball Pit" fast.		My suggestion is to find a large pack of generic kids play balls, you'll get more balls at a lower price than these.
1,poor quality bedding material
1,Very disappointed in the amount. The bottle was not sealed at the lid, and it was only half full (if that). I'll stick to buying it in the store or through another provider. I've looked at it in stores, and it feels fuller. A liquid or capsule version may be more cost effective. Hopefully, it at least works.
1,I just read someone's review about not buying this from Amazon.  I have been buying this brand at a local pet store and was very happy with it.  I found that Amazon was a bit cheaper so I bought it here.  After few weeks all three dogs started having stomach issues and diarrhea.  One of my dogs had bloody diarrhea, which I had to take her to the vet.  Many tests later and they said she has irritable bowel, but they are not certain. I will go to my back to my local pet store.
1,Very loud, don't buy if your looking for a quiet filter, my previous marineland filter made half the noise this filter makes
1,JUNK - too short - very awkward and uncomfortable for my dog - cheaply made - threw it away - money wasted
1,Powder came off as I took it out of the package, so clearly had no effect.
1,Someone in my household ordered this item without my permission, so I returned it.  I'm sure it does the job of filtering water, but I prefer to give my cats filtered bottled water in  bowls that I sterilize every day.
1,So disappointing.  This used to be the best litter, I've been using it for 10 years.  But I noticed over the past year that the formula seemed to have changed.  It used to form hard, practically dry clumps of urine that were super easy to scoop out.  But now it forms chewy, sticky globs along the sides and bottom of the litter box,  They're too big to scoop without breaking apart and stick to the box and scooper like glue.  As a result, there is more dirty litter and it doesn't last as long, so it's not a good value anymore.  I was beginning to wonder if something had changed with my two cats and they were urinating more or ???  But other reviewers confirmed that the litter had changed and was the cause.  I'm currently trying out other clumping brands based on Amazon reviews.
1,Seems cheap
1,I've had this for over 2 weeks and my 2 dogs are still barking their heads off. I know that the item is still on, because I can see the green light blinking occasionally, and one time when I had to raise my voice, the red light blinked. I wouldn't recommend purchasing this item, was just a waste of money.
1,By the third use, product had developed an awful smell that I can only describe as some combination of dead mouse soaked in vinager and rotten eggs mixed with diesel.  By the time I realized what it was that smelled so bad, it was offensive even with the bottle closed from ten feet away.  Needless to say, I decided to request a refund.
1,My dog didn't like it much. He also got a skin rash, must be allergic to some thin in it. I switched to the purina, supposed to be lower quality food but his coat and skin looks better on that new food
1,The ramp itself was not even shipped until after the LAST day it was supposed to be delivered. They are supposed to tell you the ramp is out of stock if it is;however- i was never told that so I missed having it for the Vet appt. I had ordered it for.		Although I protested this- they were not willing to give even a partial refund on the shipping- which is crazy b/c I would have ordered it from someone else or cancelled it.		One of my dogs actually died while I was waiting for this ramp.. the other dog hates it & the second he walked on it- it was scratched & looked like it was 5 yrs old when it was only an hour old.		What people say about this ramp hurting humans is true in my experience. I paid special attention to the fact that people said it "hurt them" & thus tried to be very careful.. yet it HURT ME & I bled every time (no matter how careful I am) the three times I have used it... setting it up. If you have to lay down carpet to make this safe- then you have to modify it.. if you are going to do all that.. the just build your own ramp for less than $20 is my input.
1,I have tried o contact the seller and no reply back. The product is not as tall as they say that it is. It is not as described.
1,Normally these are very flexible and a light orange. This batch was dark and very hard. They actually crunch when my german shepherd eats them. If the bag I just ordered is like these, I will ask to return both bags!!!
1,Should start by saying the links work fine, but they are made of plastic and the product page doesn't disclose this AT ALL! The rest of my dog's collar is metal and would've liked to keep it all one material. Will update if the plastic links turn out to perform poorly or if I have a problem.
1,The price of this product greatly reflects its quality...CHEAP!!! Too many choking hazards on it and the seems rip apart within a few minutes of opening.	I have a 5lb toy breed puppy and she destroyed this in minutes of opening.
1,I am disappointed by this fox.  My two little dogs (15-20 lbs, poodle mixes) immediately were attracted to this toy, but in 1-2 mintues, one ate part of the tail and the other ate the ear!  I immediately took it away from them once I realized they were EATING this.  If you look at my reviews, we still have the squirrels in a trunk I bought back in April and a Kong teddy bear in June with zero problems, so I know it has to be the material used to make this toy is cheap.
1,$119.99?!?!  Looks like it cost 50 cents!
1,Did not find this helpful for my dog
1,I never really understood this toy. I ordered it, tried just about every treat I could to stuff in the holes and none fit. I'm sure there's probably some Kong product especially made for this but I haven't found it... yet. Maybe have to search some more on Amazon, but I prefer my treat toys to be able to accommodate different treats or their regular food. I've given it to my heavy chewers just as a chew toy and they are not interested.
1,Dimensions are a stretch. This is almost 22 and 13 inches, respectively, in each direction when stretched in the dimension it is being measured. The crate we have for our dog has a floor that measures 22x13, and when I put it in there there was a one-inch gap around all edges. Not wanting to mess with a return, I donated it to Goodwill.
1,Why buy a collar with a bell?  To protect the neighborhood birds and other critters. An hour after it went on one cat brought in a bird and the other a mouse. Looks good though.
1,Worked ok at first. But then the volume button stopped working. The shock & vibrate gave out. Lastly, the sound stopped working. Major bummer.
1,I figured this would be a healthy treat for my dog plus keep him busy trying to get to it, but unfortunately he was finished in a few hours.  Thought it would last longer than that.....guess my dog is a better than I thought at getting to the "marrow"!!!!
1,Box was damaged, this item was broken. The glass part of it was shattered.
1,Fragrance free also means that you smell absolutely everything in the litterbox.  I'm all about not having overwhelming fragrances but this was awful and I really would not recommend this product.
1,This item had no affect at all.  The dogs simply ignored it.  It has a nice little flashing light that indicates that it is on, but that's all it does.
1,I'll start by saying I have a fussy turtle, so any new turtle food I buy is a gamble.  I was quite surprised when I dropped one of these into her tank and it sank like a rock - didn't even gradually drift down, just *thud* to the bottom.  I left it in the tank and pointed it out to my red bellied turtle several times, but each time she just sniffed at it and swam away.  I wound up fishing it out and throwing it way.  It did mostly stay in one piece so it was easy enough to clean up.
1,My main issue with these bowls is that what may be black oxide coating is abundant and does not wash off after many washings -- so if you just rub it a bit with a damp cloth, you will see lots of black on the cloth.  I gotta wonder how good that is for my pet...
1,We have a Dremel 10.8 volt rechargeable grinder which worked beautifully for trimming our two Labradors' nails.  I needed to order some more sanding bands, and while I was shopping, decided to try this smaller 4.8 volt pet grooming kit because the shaft on our larger unit had begun to get stripped and it was becoming more difficult to change the bands.  Though many of the reviews for this 4.8 volt noted it was underpowered and the 2-level power switch was cheap and hokey, I decided to give it a try.  It doesn't even come close to having enough power to trim our dogs' nails.  Luckily, the assembly that holds the shaft and sanding bands is interchangeable with our larger 10.8 volt unit, so I used that part and threw the rest of the 4.8 volt unit in the garbage.  Unless you have very small animals, I recommend you save yourself the frustration and go for the larger unit, even if nail trimming is all you need it for. This Dremel 4.8 volt unit is no better than the 'As seen on TV' units.
1,Not Perfectly clear as pictured. Bulk tubing, no packaging. The seller cut it off a spool. Works though... wish it wasn't opaque though.
1,The tray underneath needs to be bigger and they don't think about some cats that like to dig
1,There is only ONE chew. Not multiple like the picture shows. Little deceiving.
1,I had this attached to my dogs harness and it broke the first trip we were on. He got excited when I opened the door and jumped out of the car. The plastic piece snapped super easily.
1,I really wanted to like this stroller, so that I could use it for my two older Yorkies on longer walks and trips out to the outdoor market and parks but it's just not what I want. It arrived with a fine yellow powder embedded in the fabric. I can't tell if it's dirty, like it was used already or dirty, like it's been in some dirty warehouse forever.	There are some major quality issues for me: It is super hard to close up, like the release lever on the handle wasn't assembled correctly. The front wheel (I got the 3 wheeled version) doesn't turn 180, making it super hard to steer with 2 doggies in it. And it was put together with the plastic that covers the support bars still on... see pictures, because I cannot remove all the plastic making it look super cheap.	I think I am going to return it via Amazon since I couldn't get anywhere with customer service.		Just for reference I purchased the black one with 3 wheels.
1,Too hard to get the cup in and out of the holder.
1,My dog ripped the nose off this toy in literally 2 minutes. Not what I was expecting from a Kong toy. My dog is still entertained with the toy, but there's stuffing everywhere now.
1,When I saw these thermal cat mats and favorable reviews, I immediately bought 3 of them for our two inside and one inside/outside cat.  All 3 cats avoid these like the plague. We have tried putting them in all their favorite sleeping places and they either lay beside them or avoid that spot completely. They're soft to the touch so the only thing I can think of is that this make a 'crinkle' sound and maybe that's why they don't like them.  Unfortunate as the concept is a good one.
1,Cheap flimsy, did not hang on to any window I own, wound up trashing it. Complete waste of my money.
1,Poor quality ! Fell apart after 2 washes ...
1,So, I have an Aussie who when bored, patrols my fence line. She runs the perimeter of our property with glee. However, she is excessively protective over her territory and will bark nonstop, if any neighbor tries to exit their home. She hates lawnmowers in particular and will leap at the fence and bark like crazy if she sees one. We have tried pennies in a can, rewarding for good behavior etc., had a professional trainer who was baffled and finally resorted to a bark collar. I hated the bark collar and I Do Not recommend, so my trainer suggested the air horn, it has worked with some of her more difficult cases. I put it to the test while my neighbor was mowing her lawn and it did absolutely nothing. My neighbor told me she'd rather her bark than hear the horn again and she continued to bark anyway. No, she is not hearing impaired, just focused and persistent. My neighbors play fetch with her over the fence now and the barking has stopped, on their side at least. I guess for her if you prove your a friend, you won't get the barking treatment. So, in short the horn was so annoying that my neighbors stopped caring about the barking and we worked on a solution together.
1,I will not waste my money on any more chuckit squeaker balls.  This was the third one I've bought and like the other 2, the squeaker lasted about 2 days and now the dog won't play with it.  And, in case you're wondering, no, I do not have a heavy chewer.
1,Although it has good ingredients, the itchiness didn't go away, we stop using it.
1,Kitten didn't take to these - not sure why
1,This worked great until my dog got used to the sound. After about a week it didn't phase her at all and she was back to her barking self.
1,I cannot recommend this bed, for the fabric on the border comes off in tufts that could choke a puppy. I got the fluff out of my pup's mouth in time to prevent choking. Am returning it.
1,Did't go off like it should have a big waste of money
1,I gave this product two stars because I try not to hate anything despite the increased level of outrage I feel toward people who do not make any attempt to quieten their barking dog in an otherwise quite and peaceful neighborhood.. Bottom line, although I cannot speak for anyone else's uses for this whistle it absolutely did NOT work to deter an obnoxious neighboring dog from barking. If anything, this whistle made him start barking louder upon hearing it.  I was totally disappointed as I had high hopes that it would put an end to this annoying canine who seems to bark at everything from our walking out on our sun porch to our speaking to one another in our own yard, I believe this moronic dog would bark at a leaf blowing across its own front yard and it's owner is oblivious although how they can simply ignore its incessant barking is beyond us. I guess I should be thankful they have it confined within an "invisible" pet fence so at least it barks within the confines of it's own yard but still it is annoying...the whistle did not work as it claims it would so I returned it for a refund.
1,very disappointed ....beautiful dog tee shirt but has NO GIVE in girth .....your dog would have to be a slim Jim to fit .....my pup is average ...not chunky ...and I even bought a size larger to ensure a fit ....
1,Do not buy.  Do not buy.  The metal clasp that you attach to the pets collar will give you a sore on your thumb every time you pull it back.  This is garbage, very disappointed.
1,My kitty likes the later dot alot but not this fish and mouse image. At over a yard or so the image gets very large. She just isn't into to it at all. The later pointer if she sees me reach for it goes into a crouch for the chase. I just never aim the light at her. A waste of 10 bucks on these led ones.
1,Wish I could say this worked for us.  I worked incredibly well for 2 days.... total silence... then they just barked right through it....
1,Returned - would not fit my car
1,Waste of money!!! Slips off the nose, dog was able to sway it with paw and it came off. Also it was difficult to put on the dog.
1,This is very good dog food.  Unfortunately, the bag had a large slit in it and dog food was spilled in the shipping box. So I had to throw almost half of it away.  Too expensive to be doing that.
1,The handle is PVC pipe.  My dog immediately pulled the handle off of the taped on bungee cord toy.  Toy is quality - handle and the toy attached is poorly made.
1,VERY MISLEADING!  WARNING:  THESE ARE SMALL, SMALL, SMALL!!  If you have KITTENS, you might like these.  But I have ADULT CATS, and I should have looked CLOSER at the measurements.  You can "glue" them together, and they do include some double sided stickers in which to do so, but I can't imagine it lasting that long, the way cats scratch.  BUYER BEWARE!
1,Both of our items arrived torn and damaged.  One of our cats really like it, but these were no better than just free Costco boxes as there was no real textured side of the cardboard exposed for scratching.  N
1,This does not work. Do not buy!
1,I think that these are over priced for what they are and honestly, my cats hardly touch them. My cats may dislike them cause they make a loud crinkle noise when you touch them.
1,I don't consider my kitties picky eaters and when the vet recommended a hypoallergenic food for my older one, I gave this a shot. My 7 year old female manx was the only one that chowed it and when given the option, she wanted her "regular" food. I mix some in with her other food and she will sometimes eat the Natural Balance and sometimes leave it. I can't speak to the health benefits since the taste wasn't that palatable for any of my 3 kitties with only one saying "meh" about it.
1,Only about 4 and my dog destroyed it in 30 min.
1,First, my Chi wouldn't eat as a "treat". He finally got used to them after chopping up. Has no effect on him whatsoever. Waste of money.
1,I had hopes that this toy might last longer as I had a good experience with one of Sherpa's other products. This one did not last very long at all. There are too many appendages that are easily torn off. More appendages means more seams and these were easily torn open. Open seams means pulling out stuffing and spreading it all over the floor. Luckily, my dog doesn't actually eat stuffing, but he does eat the cloth material if given a chance. Arms, legs, wings, tail and head that are pulled off of this toy are a real choking hazard. Since this toy has more appendages than most, it has double the choking opportunities. I recommend avoiding this toy. Watch your dog well if you ignore this advice.
1,30 bucks for this thing??? It reeks of chemicals, I'm worried it's going to poison my birds. I give it a week until it's broken. A dinner charger plate is sturdier than the top part that holds the water.  It literally bends like a peice of paper. What a joke.
1,arrived damaged
1,The last time I purchased this product--a good couple of years ago--it had a very weird smell; it didn't smell anything like chicken. Then I investigated and discovered the chicken was from China. We already know about petfood made in China...		Here is what it says on the Doggswell website:		"Why are the jerky treats made in China?	China is a country where dark meat is more popular due to its inherent fat and flavor. DOGSWELL believes it is less wasteful to obtain our white meat in China where it is abundant, rather than sourcing it domestically, where white meat is less available and held at a premium. Not only do we care about your pet's health by sourcing only the healthiest meat available, we also practice sustainability by reducing as much waste as possible."	[...]		That's it; no more Doggswell!!!! Do they really expect me to believe their slick rhetoric???!!!  I am so sick of all the cheap crap that is made in China that I have to return, and I am disgusted with all companies that take jobs away from Americans so they can increase their profit margin.		I'd respect them more if they just came out and admitted that they make more money doing business this way; no, wait a second: I wouldn't!!!
1,medium is actually xs could not use for my dog. was not sent alternate. was required to pay shipping back to china which was more then the cost of the coat
1,The heater I got is a 300 watt for a 75 gallon tank. Should be just fine but it struggles to keep my tank at 80 degrees and can't seem to go any higher, unless the temp of the room is higher. The temperature adjustment knob doesn't work and the tank is at the will of the environment it is kept in. I keep discus and they don't tolerate anything under 82 very well. So now I need to get another heater and get rid of this piece of crap... Sad!
1,I wish I would have read all of the reviews that puppies climb right over the top before buying this.		I focused on all of the rave reviews instead... Big Mistake!		Waste of money - I have already ordered a more sturdy play pen to replace this one - unfortunately I can't return it because I threw away the box when I received it.		The only thing this might be good for is keeping very young pups contained while you are close by - so you can watch them.
1,Appears as though this is a six pack, but only one comes. I  turned and bought went to Dr. Foster's online  and found a pad  holder MUCH cheaper!
1,I've been buying the puppia harnesses for years, however, the last two appear to be very cheaply made. The stitching is constantly coming loose on them and need to be sewn back together often. Quality is poor.
1,I bought this item a little over a week ago. I now wish I hadn't bothered. I've messed with this skimmer off and on almost everyday. I can never seem to get it just right. It is either spewing foam into my tank or the foam is too low from the collection cup to do any good.  If you have a full time job, don't even bother as this requires a lot of time to get adjusted and if you're like me, you still don't have it working. Cheap price for a skimmer but all I got is a foaming chamber that is doing nothing beneficial.
1,I really wanted this to work, but my dog is just way too excited in the car.  I may have to call vet for rx
1,I have had several cats and numerous different kinds of litter boxes over the years, and this is the worst of them all. Some cats are really picky and want truly clean litter every time. To avoid issues and accidents it's vital to give them what they want in this regard. I had previously owned two basic LitterMaid boxes and had generally decent luck with them: they were tough and generally quite effective (although they all devour batteries if you aren't using AC power.) The only major issue with the smaller more basic models was that some cats tended to avoid them because they have relatively small inside dimensions. With that in mind, I thought the Elite Mega Advanced LitterMaid would be a huge improvement.		Wrong.		Not only is this product quite expensive, it is much less effective and troublesome than the older more basic boxes. The tines of the comb seem less effective at removing feline effluent from the box, and they need cleaning more than the older variants did. The mechanism also seems to have more difficulty getting through the litter than the older models, making it really critical not to put too much litter in the box (although litter can get redistributed and deeper on one side by the actions of the cat, of course.) This was important in the older LitterMaids, but is really critical here. Most annoying is that the top of the poop receptacle refuses to close correctly, which was never an issue with the older LitterMaid boxes I owned. This is bad for a variety of reasons, including a dramatic increase of odor release from the compartment containing the cat byproducts, as well as discouraging the cat from re-entering the box until it has been manually closed by a passing human assistant. This tends to render the self-cleaning benefits of the box irrelevant.		Honestly my experience with the older LitterMaid products was generally positive, but this is the worst cat box I have ever owned and I can't recommend it.
1,Didn't work for us. Just way too flimsy. I have a 16 pound MinPin. Maybe it would work on a toy:smaller breed.
1,Just want to help my fellow Amazon shoppers - this is smaller than the item pictured.  I have a 7lb Chihuahua and he took up most of the space.  People at the vet were telling me I need a bigger one (like I didn't notice that myself).  Just be aware, the animals pictured with the item description are larger than my little guy, and they 'appear' to have all the room in the world in there.
1,I was so excited to finally find a dog chew that would last and not be dangerous or messy and the first time that I ordered these they were great!  This time I ordered two Large chews and the one might have been challenging for a chihuahua but certainly not for a Golden Retriever.  I was really disappointed and gave the one to a friend who had a small dog, but told her to watch, as I could tell that they were weak.  I hate when this happens because I have recommended these to people.  Maybe the seller was a different one.  I shall pay more attention to whom I am purchasing things now.  What a shame.
1,This product does NOT absorb!! Don't waste your money. Amazon's BASIC pads work the best and they are cheaper!
1,Just purchased this from a brick mortar store only to find this is a poorly made  piece of junk.	By junk I mean when the 4 multi pieces are properly assembled the gate does not hang properly, & the last extension is off center causing additional poor alignment.  VERY  pathetic.	My cat could do a better job...	I'm a 'handyman of the year' so I know the problem is  not the simple instructions but definitely  Poooor Craftsmanship.	If you're lucky & want to take a chance,  maybe yours will work.	BOTTOM LINE:  EARNS ONE-STAR-  *.
1,We thought we had the perfect dog bed and were very happy with our purchase. Then, the moment that the return deadline rolled around, the zipper broke. Actually, the zipper came apart from the rest of the bed. After all, unlike other beds we have had over the years, the zipper on this one is at one end of the bed, so there is no way to open up the bed further than the confines of that zipper at the very end.		Since we had passed the return deadline, we simply went to Target and bought a cover for the whole thing. Now our Bulldog is back on the defective dog bed but is unaware of the problem.
1,cats don't like it :(
1,So not working! I applied to my dogs and I still saw fleas! Even by the collar! Err I waited days hoping they would die. But no they stayed!
1,There are 2 cords with small balls at the end - just the right size to block a cat's windpipe or esophagus. My petite sissy cat grabbed one of the balls in his teeth and pulled it off. Luckily, he dropped it. I promptly cut off the cords with the balls. The cats seem to like it okay, but it's early days. I don't know how long the big ball will last, and I will not leave the toy alone with them ever, or let it get too chewed. PLEASE CUT OFF THE CORDS WITH THE SMALL BALLS! It could mean your cat's life.
1,Bottom line....a puppy can NOT be contained
1,Wasn't very sharp and claws were chipping. Otherwise, the concept is good and does the job.
1,We buy this product at least once a month.  This time the chicken was very hard and super dry.  Had a totally different color and consistency.	Gave a sample to our cats and they threw up.	You would think at 60 plus dollars a bag this company would have quality control personnel in place to assure the quality of their product.	I returned it and waiting for another bag. However I'm not sure that I feel comfortable with this product any more.
1,Bag (16.5 lbs) arrived packed inside a large box. No damage was noted on the box but the dog food had a 3 inch split along the side of the bag. Some of the food had spilled out into the box. When I went to tape the split to prevent further spillage I noticed the bottom of the bag was reinforced with clear packing tape. I don't know if Purina reinforces the bottom of their bags with tape or if someone else taped it. What to do? I don't appreciate receiving damaged goods but faced with the hassle of returning it,  I'll just keep it and hope the food is okay.  I have no complaints about the food itself, my puppy has been eating it for 5 months now.
1,Turns white cats mouth and fur yellow !!!
1,Can not use, spilled all over, wish I could use and give a better review, tottaly useles
1,I love my Litter Genie. Love it. I've always gotten my 2-pack refills from Target for $15. Never had a problem with them. But when I saw the Amazon price of $18 for a 3-pack, I jumped on that deal and bought them. That was back in January. Today, I finally ran out of my last Target refills and moved on the first of this 3-pack. I couldn't find the beginning of the roll - or whatever you wanna call it - and ended up with half of the refill out of the cartridge. After spending 15 minutes trying to stuff it back in, I gave up and tossed that in the garbage, wasting my whole refill.	Not. A. Fan.
1,The material is strong and stiff, the velcro holds fast but I had problems with the handle. It lays too flat against the collar and it's hard to slip your hand under. You can loosen the collar to correct this but then the dog's head can easily slip out if it wanted to which happened to me.  Also, whenever I forced my hand under the handle the material scraped my knuckles leaving me with abraded skin and red knuckles. I think if they added a couple of inches to the handle so it rises naturally above the collar itself it would be a great improvement. I bought this through Amazon.com so returning it was easy.
1,My cat did scratch at the carpet on the base, but couldn't really "get" what the arch part was supposed to do. We left it on the ground for a while, thinking he might figure out how to enjoy it. Eventually it was put it away--it takes up a decent amount of space and we already have the cardboard scratchers that are long enough for him to sit on, thus making them sturdier so he can get a good scratch.
1,Thought it would be bigger. It was a chocking hazard for my bulldog. Probably my fault for not double checking the size. Great for small dogs. Dangerous for medium to large dogs.
1,BEWARE of these balls! They REEK of a chemical/plastic smell. I've emailed the manufacture through their website inquiring about the balls safety and the fact that it's a very STRONG chemical smell that lingers on my hands, and dog's mouth LONG after he's done playing with it. This, combined with the fact that it's MADE IN CHINA and God only knows what type of ingredients and chemicals are used.		I NEVER HEARD BACK FROM THE COMPANY AFTER MAKING THREE (3) EMAILS TO THEM!!!! Great customer service eh?		My email was simple, is it safe? Non toxic? Why the smell? and MORE IMPORTANTLY, would they let their infants/babies put it in THEIR mouth?		It smells so strong, I put it in a bag (while awaiting my response that NEVER CAME from the company) and it started to smell up the entir cellar way!!!'		BUYERS BEWARE!		Oh yeah, it also is VERY SOFT and after only 2 playtimes with my Cairn Terrier (which only lasted about 10 mins. each time, it has puncture holds, and little bits coming off of it.
1,Although the product had clear instructions to install and activate it, the collar failed to activate after working with Tagg tech support on two separate occasions to remedy the issue.  We'll be returning this product for a different pet GPS collar.
1,way too small and cheaply made...don't waste your money on this one.  Get a bigger and more expensive mat...you won't be sorry.
1,Size was larger.  Had to throw away.
1,I sent it back because I used it twice and it broke. It stopped spaying because it got clogged. They sent me a replacement but I wasn't happy with it at all.
1,Sadly this isn't going to work for my 6month old puppy.. she's a power chewer and this was not durable for her at all. After playing with and chewing on the toy for about 3 minutes I took the first photo, the second photo is after about a total of ten minutes. I'll let her play wth the toy a little longer but only when she is playing with me and supervised.
1,They advertise it as these filters needs to be replaced every 2-3 weeks but DO NOT FOLLOW IT WHATEVER YOU DO!!  If you love your fish, you are suppose to keep the filters as long as possible or lose all the ammonia/nitrite neutralizing bacteria colonies with it.  If cartridge gets clogged, just clean it off and rinse it with waste tank water (never with tap).  If you have fully cycled tank, then you should only replace one cartridge at a time when it really needs to be replaced.
1,The cats didn't play with them often but they still ripped within a month with catnip all over the carpet.
1,loud, made in china for this price, will return
1,If could be given a no star it would happen! PIECE OF S***. DO NOT BUY THIS!	A friend purchased this for me and I'm floored.	This is not adequate space for ANY RABBIT, as far as chickens go, not even acceptable for bantams! I have 3 bantam silkies, SHOW QUALITY and they don't fit in this thing.	Only suggestion if you have serama chickens it's fine for them.	BE WARNED the ramp FELL OFF BEFORE I even put my silkies in it 10minutes after done building it. Just FELL OFF . The tray poop pan is a piece of junk! My silkies can't even use the house for one there is NO RAMP, for 2 they can't even fit through the DOOR SPACE
1,I measured as the diagram showed, muzzle was way to big in the neck area. Ended up making an extra hole to get it to fit.
1,Didn't work for my dog.
1,It says on the front no chicken. When you turn it over look at the ingredients. The third ingredient is chicken fat. What's up with that
1,My guinea pig actually spits these out. She has grabbed these out of my hand and gobbled them down in the past (bought from different sellers and her vet) but these she literally throws to the side. There is something wrong when my guinea pig REFUSES to eat them. I won't buy them from this seller again.
1,These tabs drop to the tank bottom and stay there intact. Plecos,silver dollars and other herbivores ignore them. In addition,they clog up my siphon tube when I attempt to suction out debris.
1,I bought this thinking I was spoiling our Guinea Pig with the good stuff, but he does not like it. He sifts through it and finds random good pieces and then leaves the rest alone. I will be going back to the cheaper Oxbow hay.
1,I have two African greys. Neither liked this food. One of them went through the whole bowl (3 different kinds of food available) and he picked out each Harrison's he could find and dropped it to the ground. (=^^=)
1,I have a 6 lb. male Yorkie. Even this Extra-Small is too large, the buckles are too large, and there is way, way too much strap left hanging after I adjusted it down. The Velcro closure under the chin is just way too thick. It is just overall too bulky for this small dog. It is very much in the way of his penis under the belly. It is two tones - red and another brownish red color that resembles dried blood.	I suppose it is O.K. if you have your dog in a boat and you want to make sure if it gets into the water it doesn't drown. But they sure do need to get used to it first! It is almost like a straight jacket - it is so restrictive on a tiny dog. My dog was more upset not being able to move. This product is much more suitable for larger dogs with longer legs and torsos that can accommodate all of the bulk.
1,I have a Maltese/West Highland Terrier Mix and she has terrible eye staining.  Unfortunately, this product didn't seem to do much to clean up those yucky brown stains underneath her eyes.
1,Falls apart constantly.  I put it back together and within a day or so it comes apart again.
1,Went flying off
1,My 9 month old doberman destroyed this in five minutes.  It really shouldn't be listed as a "tough" or "hardcore" or "indestructible" toy.
1,These bully sticks are very irregular with most being slim jim size. The previous batch I received from another supplier were the  churchill cigar size  my dog prefers but unfortunately I did not return to that supplier since they did not ship through Amazon Prime.
1,austr. shepherd killed sound in 10 seconds.
1,Had for 1 day and it chipped got replaced	And same thing happened with in hours.
1,It does not hold 16 oz. Maybe 12 ounces at most and that is when filled to the brim. It does not tip over though.
1,Does absolutely nothing. Doesn't even sound the majority of the time. Waste of money.
1,My 11 year old dog has bad breath. The vet suggested we try a probiotic and being an avid Amazon customer, I looked at reviews and bought this one. We have used this for a month now. I didn't think it was possible for the dog to have worse smelling breath - but it is. Now he smells like an open sewer  or the momo that comes out of the garbage trucks in Miami. (Perhaps they derived their product from waste-treatment plants.) And he started growing a fungus between his toes within two weeks of starting this stuff. Don't waste your money on this product.
1,As my posting name indicates, I'm a fussy customer and pretty disappointed in these pads. They are not as thick or as large (only 20" x 15") as opposed to the original K&T Mysterious Purr Padd, which is 20" x 20". The stitching around the edges is sloppy, not neat and clean like the original pad. When you have large cats, that 5 extra inches makes a difference.		Already purchased more of original K&T Mysterious Purr Padds and may just sew these three K&H pads together, so it's not a total loss. I was thrown off by the similarity in the manufacturer name, thinking K&H made the Purr Pad, but it is K&T. Will not make this mistake again.
1,We tried this food because one of our dogs is very sensitive and gets ear infections pretty easily. The reviews made it seem promising, but it's not working for us. This food has made my dogs incredibly gassy. One dog will eat it with no problem, but our other dog will go without eating for a day because he doesn't like it and it upsets his stomach. Their poop seems just fine, its the gas that I think bothers them (and anyone in the room) the most. We've tried 2 different recipes of this dog food and they both produce the same smelly results. We won't be buying this product again.
1,I too have used this litter for several years, but the last purchase will be exactly that - the last purchase.		The litter turns to a gluey mess, very difficult to scoop and nearly impossible to scrape from the bottom of the litter box. This isn't good for me, and I doubt it is good for my cat.  No more.
1,These made my dog very sick. Would not recommend this product.
1,Doesn't stay on	Not for dogs - large rodents and small wildlife perhaps but a joke to use for anything but toy breeds
1,Did not stay on the dogs feet (15 lb Maltese)
1,These tiny tanks are inhumane. Bettas live in vast rice paddies, not tiny puddles. Even during the drought, these spaces are huge. These tiny tanks require cleaning everyday which puts the health of the fish in jeopardy. Not cleaning it can be just as hazardous. Just because they "can survive" in a tiny compartment doesn't mean they should have to. They are very active fish and should be kept in something no less than 5gallons, which is pushing it still. They also require access to fresh air because they are labyrinth fish and have lungs as well as gills. If you love keeping fish, keep them humanely!
1,They're vague about the 'buffalo' in the description, but once you receive the product you will see that this is from India so the 'buffalo' in question must be water buffalo - not American bison. If you are careful about how and where you source your pet food and treats, this will matter.  Additionally, these tendon treats splinter badly when dogs chew on them.  There was an awful cracking noise when my boxer bit into the tendon. My boxer had a delicate time pooping after having one, and picking things up I could see why.  There were so many tiny, sharp shards of the tendon in his stool.  No wonder he seemed in distress when eliminating.  So, if you are concerned about where the treats come from and what the treats might do internally and when they are being eliminated, these are not a good option at all.  I won't even give what's left of the bag to another dog.  These went right into the trash.
1,Worked badly and i regret not returning it. Maybe in a 10 gallon tank with a puddles worth of water it may have been ok, I have it in a 20 gallon and it was not good at all.
1,Leaks urine at the seams and difficult to clean unless you take it completely apart. Leaks all over the floor. Waste of money.
1,My cat did not care for this nor did I see any retention of heat after one of my dogs laying on it.
1,Did not affect my dogs at all.
1,be wary.  received cat only toothpaste kit with a small brush.  not like shown on photos.
1,Tiny and dried up, rendering them useless. The bigger ones are much better!
1,Doesn't fit in a large SUV - the height is too short.  Hard to assemble but once I worked around the height issues with a wood block it worked well - except- that the rounded bar corners slide easily back and forth.  Not sure I'd buy again.
1,The neck was way too small for my 3 month old pug puppy but the body harness was far too loose. The quality is nice and it may work well for other breeds and was a good price but it didn't work out for me.
1,Didn't work. Poor camera quality. Lags too much. Returned and purchased Next dropcam instead.
1,Within a day of being around other dogs, the fleas are all over my two dogs. I think the fleas increased. All this accomplished was making my little dog mad at me for putting that smelly thing on him.
1,This seems like it might work well in some cases but when I received mine, it was unusable. The shipping was on time but the item I received was much smaller than was recommended for the weight of my dog. I may try this item again, but when I do, I will certainly buy one much larger than the recommended size according to weight. Also, my dog is a German Shepherd, so maybe his chest was simply bigger than the suggested size by weight suggested.
1,I know, it's not the little boots fault my dog doesn't like them, but they are very difficult to put on and I can't get all 4 on her at the same time. She's old and when she slips on the floor she can get hurt. I wanted these to help her grip the floor. I also bought socks with the no slip on the bottom and they do the trick. Much easier to get on than these things.
1,Maybe my tank is too small at twenty gallons, but it ends up slowly dissolving before it can be eaten.
1,Very Noisy. The pump itself isn't the noisy part. The plastic reservoir tank vibrates against the base when it's hooked up. If I squeeze it tightly it is quiet for bit. The noise is very annoying. I've owned it a little over 24hrs and I don't think I can deal with the noise.
1,i don't know what it cleaning all i got was a cloudy tank to the point i had to change the water
1,I had high hopes for this collar after seeing the good reviews.  I coud not tell you how it worked because we were never able to get it to work.  The first one i received did not charge.  The second one i received had a broken charger.  So, i had to return them both and i am purchasing a different collar.
1,Worng product. Packing stated cat and product is dog. See photos
1,I cant give a fair evaluation because my dogs wouldnt eat it.
1,IT ALL BEGAN PUTTING IT TOGETHER.  THE LID WOULD NOT STAY CLOSED AND SOME OF THE HOLES DID NOT LINE UP.		AFTER DIGGING AND DIGGING, PUT IT IN THE HOLE AND FOLLOWING DIRECTIONS PUT DIRT AROUND IT 1 SIDE AT A TIME...THIS CAUSED THE FLIMSY PLASTIC TO BECOME CROOKED MAKING SO THAT IT LEAKED ON THE SIDES AND THE TOP WOULD NOT CLOSE AT ALL.		SO THE TOP WONT CLOSE, THE SIDES ARE LEAKING DUE TO PRESSURE FROM DIRT BENDING THE THIN PLASTIC, AND IT DOESNT HOLD WATER DUE TO THE POOR CONSTRUCTION.		THIS PRODUCT IS CRAP AND STRONGLY SUGGEST YOU LOOK FOR SOMETHING ELSE.  WISH I WOULD HAVE READ CUSTOMER REVIEWS BEFORE I ORDERED THE DOGGIE DOOLEY 3800 "DELUXE".
1,My Golden Retriever shredded this in no time at all. Not durable at all. Stuffing everywhere ! Not recommended for chewers.
1,not sturdy at all wish I could return it. Not Quality at all
1,don't see the point
1,My cats hated it. My dog wouldn't even eat it.
1,whst a disappointment! I would have bought PetMate again but the price nearly doubled in a few werks.	Putting this together was time consuming and tedoous, not a great design. Some pieces fragile. Finally got it together, came home a few jours later snd the metal door had fallen out onto the floor. The lityle red doft plastic caps on yop of rach of the 4 metal prongs holding it into the plastic were ripped. just  not a fine design and not strong materials. Am using it for a nesting box for Chihuahuas - really not strong enough for a large dog. like the wheels, though.
1,My filters started leaking in less than 6 months and leaked all over my floor as well as all down my downstairs neighbors wall!!!		If that isn't enough, below is what I got when I tried to have them replaced.		I requested 2 replacement API NEXX Canister Filters on 2/20/2014.		I was contacted 2 days later by Nathan Fekula with "advice" on how to fix the problem but no warranty instructions.		I contacted Nathan back the next day letting him know that the filters are broken and leak 1-2 gallons PER DAY!!!		He informed me to look in the manual for return instructions.		The first manual didn't even have North America return instructions and the second manual said I needed an RMA so I contacted Nathan for an RMA as well as called the 800 number and left a message requesting an RMA.		I did not receive a call back until 3/3/2014, 8 days later stating I didn't need an RMA!!!		Also, the instructions said to include $10 for return shipping, I would assume $20 since I have 2 filters.		Why should I have to include money for them to ship something back to me that has manufacturer defects???  Also, why should I have to pay for shipping to them for manufacturer defects???		The shipping is $37 and packing is $13 so basically I would pay $70 to replace 2 filters worth $100 that are leaking beyond my control within a year of the purchase date because of manufacture defects!!!		Extremely Unsatisfied Customer
1,Electrocuted me just 1 month after purchase (no, it was not even submerged)!  Before that... it was frustrating that it absolutely must be placed right under the maximum water flow in your tank at a 45 degree angle, forget aesthetics.  If not placed just so, it would constantly read its own heated water rising as the aquarium temp and turn off.  Even after optimum placement it took ~10 hours to raise the tank 3 degrees F!  I have a 75gal and a canister filter rated for 100gal so the flow or size of aquarium was not the issue.  I love the idea behind this heater with the color coded temp display, but the implementation is pathetic.
1,How's about a heads up on being toxic for plants? Nothing in the description of the product stating this at all. Wasnt till i received it and read the bottle did i know this. Waste of money. Maybe it works and maybe it doesn't. Seems like if you are gonna sell something that could devastate someone's aquarium you'd let them know before they buy it.
1,I recently purchased X2 29 GAL AQUEON aquarium sets, with everything needed to get started. I also purchased X2 55 GAL AQUEON aquarium sets which also came with everything needed (filter, heater, hoods, lights, etc). At approx $80.00 for the 29 GAL and $120 for the 55 GAL setups, I still feel they were a good value. But here's the thing, you get what you pay for. In my experience (with 4 AQUEON heaters x2 100 WATT and x2 200 WATT) I have found that he AQUEON heaters are particularly prone to malfunction and failure. Don't get me wrong, they got me by until I could afford replacements, but that should not be the case. They should be built to last. Aquarium heaters are particularly dangerous given that over time, the seals tend to shrink and allow seepage, ultimately leading to failure of the heater. If you are lucky this will take place over a period of years (not months, as in this case) and hopefully you won't end up with cooked fish when the thermostat fails or worse and electrical surge which of course could trip your circuit breaker and potentially lead to an even worse catastrophe--if you have other fish in the house which require heat and filtration.		Anyway, approximately 2 months after purchasing my 55 GAL Aqueon aquarium setups which came with two 200 WATT AQUEON heaters, I found moisture inside both heaters. Not wanting a replacement, I tossed the cheap Aqueons in the trash and replaced them with high-end FLUVAL E series heaters, which so far are amazing. I have a single 300 WATT FLUVAL E and one 200 WATT FLUVAL E now in each of my 55 GAL tanks which are treating an outbreak of ICH -- so my water is heated to 86F (300 watt) and 84F (200 watt). For a 55 GAL I would recommend the 300 WATT FLUVAL E, just because if you do have an outbreak of ICH, it is useful to be able to heat your water to 86F where the parasite can no longer reproduce. Anyway, I will not that the 200 WATT FLUVAL E can only get the water up to 84F max. That is somewhat disappointing, but I feel much more comfortable with the FLUVAL E's because the glass is incased inside of a plastic guard, to prevent a thrashing fish (as fish sometimes do with ICH) from shattering your heater and causing a catastrophe. The FLUVALS also have a 5 year warranty.		Back to my AQEUON heaters. I still have the two 100 watt AQUEON heaters--about one year old now. I haven't noticed any moisture inside of the glass yet (phew!) however, I have noticed that one no longer heats reliably. I still use one in each of my 29GAL tanks. One is capable of heating the water to 86F, yet the other (with equal circulation) can only heat the water to a max 82F. Last time I had ICH (about a year ago) both heaters were able to raise the temp to 86F. NO more.		So that's my experience with aquarium heaters. I wouldn't recommend skimping on the heaters. No that I know better, I will always go the safest route and purchase the Fluval E's, so long as I continue to have good luck with them. Some people complain about the Fluval E's because they don't seem to be able to push temps up as high as their exposed-glass cousins. However, I'd rather spend a few bucks more, get the 300 WATT for my 55GAL tanks and be safe than sorry. I plan on buying a few more FLUVALS to replace my 100 WATT Aqueons ASAP and also to double up just in case of one failing.
1,Tried this based on the reviews, but it made no difference. I followed the directions on putting it on, and yes I put it directly on the skin and allowed it to dry. But this made absolutely no difference for either of our dogs. Waste of money I could of used elsewhere.
1,Bristles came bent right out of the package, but it still device still worked fine. I tried brushing my dog with it, and the bristles are way to rough for him. He's a Parson Russell/ Whippet mix, he has thick corse hair on his neck and base of his neck and he sheds everywhere, even though his bottom half has little to no hair. I'll just stick to my Dollar Tree bristles brush :/
1,I could tell no difference after 2 months of use. A better investment would be pet vi. Saw results in a week. Sold on Amazon.
1,I'm rating it kind of low because from the photos and for the price- considering that it's supposed to hold feeder insects I thought the inside of this would be smooth, but it has a texture to it and the mealworms can crawl out. The other downside is the top doesn't fit the bottom perfectly on the one I received so it wobbles and there's actually even space for them to crawl out through the gap. I'm now using it for dubia roaches, which can also climb it, but I figure it doesn't really matter since mealworms could too and the roaches are higher in protein and just overall healthier for my gecko. I really wanted to like this but it's just overpriced and has a number of flaws that make me almost not want to use it at all. Disappointed.
1,You have to dig a hole at least 4 feet deEp youse this. In Arizona that would take speciality equipment. You can't did that by hand here, the ground is like cement here. I returned it
1,This says escape proof but you have to constantly pulling up on the harness to tighten or the dog can get right out of it.
1,Very powdery and my fish did not eat them.
1,They were very hard - like rocks. I did bite into one & it tasted pretty good, but I almost broke my own teeth trying to...
1,not worth the money - no marrow and the bones were plain my dog did not enjoy them at all
1,Dogs won't eat it.  They hate it.  Had to mix it with other food and even then they eat around it.
1,This product may work for dogs with a thinner coat. It did not work well for my English Cocker with a very thick coat. Her hair matted more than usual after using this. It smells wonderful, but I had to return it.
1,Product was more green than yellow as picture suggests.
1,Not enough power to effectively grind the dog's nails. I use it with my nail care, grind down my callous'. Not what I wanted but I had to find some use for it.  Fits great in the hand but wish it was more powerful for dog use.
1,Dusty!!! Worse that full weight liter!
1,Didn't like. Doesn't  control odors well.
1,Made it two minutes before my dog chewed through the squeaker. No, really, two minutes on Christmas morning, we timed it.  Had to take it away after a few hours because the holes in it. Pieces of plastic could choke him. NOT durable at all like other Kongs. I know my dog is an aggressive chewer so I stick to Kong for durability. This product is a complete failure. Shame too, he really liked the design, but the material isn't Kong strength.
1,I've attempted to mix three small batches and refrigerated them as directed. Once I served the food to my dogs in small batches, they would spit out every bite they got they put in their mouth. Please don't consider buying this product.
1,I hated this retractable leash. Somewhere during my walk the leash fell out of my hands the light fell off and was lost . The plastic is brittle when the leash fell the retractable button became stuck. Also you need to constantly  hit the button to adjust (shorten or lengthen) with the movement of dog. So if the dog moves out and you have push the button to lengthen the leash but now the dog moves closer to your you will need to push the button to reel in the string... Not safe for me or dog.
1,My poor dogs can't even breathe with this! It's way too small on a small dog. It's perfect for a kitten
1,This thing is so noisy! Even on a rug, but I couldn't stand it on the tile floors! It also doesn't stand up again after it tips over. I really wanted to like it, but it'll be returned.
1,We have three dogs, two who will eat anything and one with a touchy tummy. NONE of them like this food. So I purchased their regular more expensive stuff and am trying to decided what to do with the rest of the huge bag of this stuff.
1,Attracts hair, dust, and debris like crazy due to the material of the outer shell of the ball. Arrived looking slightly gross just from cardboard debris from shipping.  Washed it out and tried it with dry kibble and there was basically no point as the larger hole let it spill out with no problems. Bought it for our younger beagle and he got bored with it since he dumped the whole thing out (about a 1/4 c. of kibble) within 5 minutes.
1,Not really what I expected, pretty small too
1,My cats didn't like these and they looks like a hair ball lol I'm sorry
1,The item looked really old. The plastic  cover on the cuttlebones was chalked up.  I know the cuttlebones will have natural powder residue, but this was excessive and the smell was questionable. Never had the odor or chalked up packaging when purchasing at the pet store.
1,My dog seemed to love it - she kept licking her feet hoping I would add more.  Kinda defeated the purpose - she seemed disappointed when I didn't add anymore.
1,RUNS VERY SMALL! Size medium did not fit my 10 pound dog.
1,I was very disappointed with this purchase.  The bed does not have nearly enough filling in it.  I have ceramic tile and when my dachshund goes into it she sinks to the floor.  No, she is not one of those grossly overweight ones that you see waddling around town.  LOL  I guess if you have padded carpeting then the bed would be fine but if you are planning on using this bed on hard surfaces then I don't recommend it.
1,Well, these did OK the first time I used them- they overheated about the time I was done clipping my 19 pound cockapoo.	They did much worse only the second time I used them. They overheated only half way through the haircut, to the point I couldn't even touch them. I ran my hands under water to stop the pain. Do you know how hard it is to let a dog down half way through a cut, then convince him to let you finish once the clippers cooled down? Ya, not fun...		Can't return, they only allow 30 days for a refund. Who clips their dog more than once in a month?? Disappointed, out $35 and now I have to find a new set. Refuse to get BURNED by an overheated set of clippers after 1 1/2 haircuts on a 19 pound dog...
1,They should advertise it with a full grown cat on it.  This was made for kittens.  None of my four cats could rest in the barrel part or on the flat shelf.  It is not only taking up space in my family room.  For kittens.......it would be ideal.  For my grown cats.....not good.
1,They drove me crazy on this & their only 15lb dogs!  They were all over the place & constantly tangled!
1,I've owned the original real version of this brush. It costs twice as much but now I see why. After using this brush literally twice on my dog. The handle is already coming off. Also, there is no device to clear the hair out after each stroke as the real version has. I understand I only spent $10.99 on this sucker. But handle coming off base after only two uses ?? Come on..
1,didn't work for my cats
1,For some reason I thought there was going to be a bone inside tied with the rope. It's just a rope that my dogs shredded in the first day
1,Dogs loved it but even though it's a Kong product, it did not last very long at all.
1,My dog doesn't like them.  They don't have a cheese bacon aroma like some of the other treats he likes.
1,Had to return this, because it was too scratchy on my sensitive pibble's skin.  Cute, though, would have loved to keep it.
1,Not acceptable for a rabbit. There is hot glue and marker/paint. Very disappointed.
1,If you want a tank full of algae, then buy this. I know I won't again. Going back to gravel.
1,Unfortunately this is not long enough for my small dogs and can't be adjusted
1,The product works, HOWEVER if you're not a seasoned dremel user do NOT get this product--pay the $10 to get your pets nails from a professional!  I tried it out on me first and it nearly tore my fingertip off!  I don't even want to think of what it could of done to my dog!  It sounds like a jet engine, but would make a great gift for someone looking to sand their deck!  If you love your pet like I do...do not get this item!  $10-15 every month is MUCH cheaper than a vet bill!
1,Our pup had a hole in it within 2 hours. Don't waste your money.
1,Stopped working exactly 1 day after my return period ended.
1,purchased and returned.
1,Spend the extra for a mag float. The magnet isn't strong enough to stay together, much less clean. I have both 2 and now refuse to use this one. I only recommend the magfloat. Yes, it's now expensive but you're just throwing away your money buying this
1,This did not work for our cat he just was able to step on it between the electrode lines or just jump over it.
1,It pills like crazy leaving brown fuzz everywhere.  My dog is not a digger. You can run you fingers across it and brown fuzz comes off.  The dog doesn't care but he also doesn't have to clean it up.
1,As others have pointed out, it's kinda loud. I was hoping that it is merely air trapped up in the impeller housing. after a couple hours of running it's still kinda loud. If it continues I'll pull it and use it in my Emergency back up tank.
1,It's nice in theory but, Made my cat's healthy gums bleed. They seem REALLY hard for the cat to chew up, which makes sense given what they're supposed to do, but perhaps the 1/2" size is just too much.
1,Nice toy for cats.  They like the jingle bell but if they squeeze it too much the bell falls out/
1,I bought several of these after reading so many glowing reviews. I don't like them.		While it is easy to sweep or vacuum them, if anything wet should get on them (say a cat throws up on them, or a muddy dog steps on them) it is IMPOSSIBLE to get a stain off. No amount of scrubbing or washing will get the stain out of the little grooves, and the foam material sucks up the liquid. You're then stuck with a filthy looking mat, which was intended to keep things looking neat and clean.		They are also pretty cheaply made, and get torn up with little to no effort. One of mine got a huge hole in it just because I had the litter box sitting partially on top of it and the pressure of the box on the mat wore a hole through it.		They do the job of keeping litter off the carpet and helping you sweep up, but they are poor quality and much too expensive for what they are. I was disappointed.		OVERALL:	PROS:	Easy to sweep litter off	Help reduce tracking		CONS:	Cheaply made, wear down fast and easy	STAIN and very hard to clean	Look dirty and ugly after about 2 weeks of use		BOTTOM LINE:	These are only moderately functional and not worth the price.
1,My dog lost all of her hair! She was miserable and sickly while we used this. Took it away, all her symptoms went away too.
1,smells very strong...the smells lasted for a week....
1,My 90lb dog damaged this leash on our first walk with it.  She lunged for a rabbit and the rubber inside the cover bunched up (it was smooth and flat).  The end cap came off too leaving the stitching and frayed end exposed.  After that, the leash was so stretchy, it felt like I didn't have any control over my dog at all.  I contacted the company to voice my concern.  They emailed a request for pictures of the damage which I promptly sent.  I never heard from them again.  I tried to contact them once more then gave up.
1,I wanted to try this product for my female 9 year old cat.  I've used it twice so far to take her to the vet and it doesn't seem to do anything.  She meows all the way to the vet.  Good thing the vet isn't to far away.  I've done like it says on the package, spray about 20 mins before you introduce your pet to the carrier.  Put her inside and put her in the car and all I hear is meowing. Not sure if you have to use it more than 2 times to get a good effect but I can give an update if anything changes.  I know it won't be a good thing if it doesn't work as I will have to bring her to the vet once a week as she has bad kidneys.
1,Ordered 6 of these. All say that they come with catnip. Not one package has catnip. Frustrating that it was not included.
1,I purchased at least 10 of these over the past few years to use on my vegetable farm.  The first few purchased more than a couple years ago were excellent but they eventually died from getting too wet (which is my fault).  But 6-7 of the recently purchased scales have a defective battery compartment lid that doesn't keep the batteries in place in order for it to power on.  So I have to tap on the scale and it usually comes on but if it gets bumped could shut off while weighing something.  It tapping the scale doesn't work, I must open the battery compartment, make sure the batteries are properly seated, put cover back on, and GENTLY use it - if it gets bumped to hard it shuts down.  If you are using this scale in an office setting or using the power cord, it'll probably be fine.  But in a situation where the scale will be moved around, you'll be frustrated.  Unfortunately, I haven't found a reasonably priced alternative option.
1,These bags are rather small and they are not biodegradable.  How do they suggest "recycling" a dog's poopy bag?
1,I didn't like this. I liked the idea,  but once it was installed it was an absolute pain to use. The product itself is good quality. Just too hard to use.
1,I didn't notice any changes in my cat.
1,For some reason, I doubt this collar goes up to 23".  I bought this for my 52 lbs. Boxer, and it did not fit so I returned it.		I bought the large, moved it to the smallest setting, and that fit.
1,too hard ...never again
1,Seemed like an excellent alternative to the "cone of shame." Blowing up the collar is a bit of a challenge but I got it done. Laced the collar through all the loops. Put it on the dog and she wasn't thrilled but didn't fight it. Less than four hours later the collar was deflated. I repeated the entire process and once again within a few hours it was deflated. I think I heard my dog laughing as I threw it away.
1,This did not fit out dog despite the provided measurements.  The front was too tight to go over our dog's head and the back snaps were so close to his front legs we could barely snap it.  We attempted to return the item to replace it but this company doesn't allow returns.
1,Didn't even last 2 months. Only used it about three times a week for 12 hours a day and won't work anymore.
1,I know that with natural products there are variations but the piece I received was a very plain lump of wood. There were no features making it possible for my shrimp to hide. It was not nearly as interesting as the picture. I am giving two stars because it was indeed small and wood as described.
1,The dogs didn't take to these at all and they usually love rawhide bones. Neither are all that picky so I don't know why they didn't like them.
1,NOT GOOD QUALITY
1,I needed a filter sock and mount for my 120 reef ready tank. i came upon this product and have had good luck and liked the quality of CPR Aquatics products. but i am disappointed with this particular item. the mounting bracket is flimsy at best. when you tighten it to the rim of your tank it sags forward 15 to 20 degrees allowing water flow over the edge and allowing bubbles into the sump. the slide bracket will not hold securely in the position it is set in. it slips out a couple of notches every time. I had to tap a couple holes on the inside of the bracket and thread a couple nylon thumb screws in it to try to get it to hold level. but then the slide bracket gives way and it comes loose yet again.  So now that i have drilled two holes in it and cannot return it I figure i will have to modify some more or just toss it in the trash and try a different one. I ended up putting some crazy glue on the slide adjustment part once i had it on and where i wanted it. Now it is holding level and doing what it should be. but when i will need to remove it I will have to break it off. so time to shop for a replacement now for when that day comes
1,Had no idea how large this product would be. Way to big for my two 15 pound for dogs. This may have been the last one as this item is no longer available. It is on its way back. Needed a more thorough description or I totally missed it?
1,This thing is a joke. Its so thin. At first, i thought i had got the wrong size but it was just folded over.		Something this thin for almost $50? Just buy yourself a cheap quilt/comforter and use that. You can fold that and have something thicker for less money.
1,The Velcro sucks on these and when they get wet they soak everything your dog lays on. Got them to help stop spraying with my males and ended up with a ruined couch. Back to the kennels for these boys.
1,I read all the glowing reviews and was so happy to try it out on Cici (16 lb poodle).  Unfortunately, it didn't help at all.  I gave her two.  Since it says 1 for a 25 lb dog, I didn't want to give her more than that at one time.  She was just as hyper as always inside the house.
1,DO. NOT. BUY.		I was fostering a pair of kittens and needed litter. I spent about five minutes at a grocery store comparing all the unscented ones. For half the cost of others, I decided to purchase it.		The first time the kittens used the litter box the stench was HORRENDOUS. I live in an apartment with the litter box not far from the bedroom. It seemed like the litter made smell even worse.		I had to return to the grocery store the same evening to buy another litter (Fresh Step Simply Unscented).		This litter is trash. It isn't good for anything else unless you want your home to smell like one.
1,This is a ridiculous design... The ring to hold the tags is designed to be on the inside so it rubs on the pets neck and has to twist to hang to the outer side of the collar!
1,I purchased this product for a small pond that was very algae-ridden. It cleared the algae to some extent, but it returned before the next dose was due. When researching pond care, one is advised to change up to 1/3 of the water on a regular basis, yet this product warns against letting any of the treated water out (contain all outflow). It also is identified as a cause of cancer and you must avoid contact with skin and eyes (yet it's safe for fish?)	As this wasn't solving my problem, and my fish all died, I purchased a UV light- mine is in a statue- you can also get them for placement in the water line or skimmer. Overnight my pond was crystal clear. I have to do nothing to control the algae- you can see to the bottom 4 ft down. This is a much better treatment for algae.
1,I did as the company suggests but I had bad luck and they died. The owners however and very nice.
1,Lasted about 10 minutes !!!
1,My husky/boxer ate a hole through this in less than 24hrs. Not for aggressive chewers.
1,My cat generally doesn't scratch anything she's not supposed to, but the edge of my bed is super enticing for whatever reason.  This tape seemed like a potential solution.  It's not.  It sticks to itself and to my hands, but not to the corner of my box spring.  Doesn't seem to deter her from scratching at all.  In fact, she seems to view it as a fun challenge.  It's not exactly inconspicuous either.
1,I have ordered a shipment of 2 or 3 bags of this bedding several different times before and have always been happy with this it.  Having it delivered to my door as opposed to lugging it home from the local pet shop is awesome.  However, this particular shipment of bedding has a funny smell to it.  It smells like ammonia, I think.  Since you have to open the bags to smell it, I don't think I can return them.  One bag is worse than the others and I don't thing I can use that one.  The other I have been using and my critters seems to be happy (chinchilla, rabbit and guinea pigs).
1,My wife has a Russian expression that goes "cheap pays twice" and this product is the epitome of this expression. It is cheap and poorly made. I bought it at the pet store when we acquired our two guinea pigs. The sales person said "kaytee bottles are made to work with a kaytee cage". This bottle NEVER fit our cage. It was never secure and very difficult to use when changing the water. Two days ago, I found it leaking on the floor. The bottle had cracked along the bottle.		I just want to make a general comment about Kaytee products. They are crap. They are cheaply made. The food they sell is poor quality. Even the timothy hay is full of straw pieces that the pigs won't eat. Petco carries these products and I now have no respect for them. As least petsmart offers alternatives.		My suggestion is find a better product. Avoid Kaytee if you can help it.
1,Too expensive, smells!
1,Does not work at all for grooming hair (french bulldog, short hair). My dog also hated it- may try to use in shower when I give her a bath to help with sudsing but did not work as regular grooming. Just didn't do anything..
1,Most Arm & Hammer litters work great, but this new kind has a horrible menthol smell to it. It's really unpleasant. Definitely won't be buying this litter again. Yuk!
1,It didn't work at all for me. After reading other reviews and speaking with my vet, we tried Advantage, which worked well.
1,Dog loved them but I hated cutting them up because of the mess everywhere.
1,My dog hates it.  Must not taste very good.
1,This nest is small and the material is rough. The smallest birds in my garden will not be able to get into it for sure.	But I just hung this on my tree, in case there will be some smaller birds coming to my garden to use this....
1,My dobe chewed it up and ripped it apart within 3 hours.  Not recommended for strong chewers.  He did enjoy it for those 3 hours though.
1,If u have 3 very small never going to grow already leash trained then yes other wise this is just a tangled mess and all it's gonna do is wrap around it self and the dog in the middle... Epic fail
1,This item was defective and decided to overflow, flooding and swelling our hardwood floors that we now have to replace.
1,I bought a "medium" for my 9lb hairless terrier and its waaaayyyy to small! And crap material, not happy with this at all
1,didnt work. returned
1,Didnt work at all for my anxious jack Russell mix
1,Never ever feed your dog Nylabone. Last Saturday my girl dog threw up all over the bedroom. A week and thousands of dollars later. I took my girl home from the emergency animal hospital. She had abdominal surgery to remove an obstruction. A piece of Nylabone was stuck in her intestine.		Don't take a chance with your pet.		This is now my mission to warn everyone. Don't use!		I'm posting pic of what was removed from her tummy.
1,I had ordered this leash because I had another one...but this one was junk...the catch kept releasing the collar...nearly loss my dog in traffic. Not happy.  Was a good product and now it's crap.
1,Nice toothbrushing kit with everything you need, but unfortunately my dog hates the taste! He turns his nose up even after sniffing it! So now I need to buy a different tooth paste anyway. The two sided brush and finger brush are nice though.
1,As I was cycling my freshwater tank, I kept track of ammonia with the Nutrifin and API ammonia test kits.  They tracked fairly close (as good as can be expected for drop-based consumer test kits) while ammonia was rising and falling.  But when the cycling was nearly complete, the Nutrifin kit showed zero ammonia, while the API kit showed 0.25 ppm, a small but still noteworthy level.  It took another two weeks for the API kit to drop to zero.  Since accuracy at the low end is critical to fish health, I would not trust the Nutrifin test, as it induces false optimism.
1,Sounds great in theory, and the ingredients seem very good. But it has made absolutely no difference in my dog's breath, or her dental health. Seems like a good company and that they care about animals, but this is been my experience.
1,Honestly this is one of the poorer clippers I have used.  It doesn't cut through thick poodle hair well at all.
1,My cat could care less about this thing, so I removed the feather and bell and tied it to a shoelace and it likes playing with that, the ball thing just sits there on the ground doing nothing....maybe a kitten would get better use out of it.
1,This is not a concern to anyone? I discovered this after I purchased it.
1,It's just too small!
1,I thought i was purchasing Pet Head Furtastic Crme Rinse for Curly and Long Coat as the picture represented.  However, I recieved this product instead.  The seller was great about exchanging this deodorizing spray I received for the actual product I had ordered. However, when I recieved the 5 bottles I had originally ordered of" Pet Head Furtastic Crme Rinse for Curly and Long Coat," I found  the product has been altered somehow.  All 5 bottles and all were the same.  VERY WATERED DOWN.  I will never purchase this product from this seller again.  It is not the product that is bad!! The product itself is my favorite and the only condtioner I will use on my maltese.  But this seller is not providing the "AUTHENTIC" Pet Head Product!!!!
1,This item has very poor fit and poor quality. I couldn't get it to stay on my little daschund, he got cold in it and I threw it away and purchased other clothes for him. The velcro doesn't work properly and there is little or no coverage for him in this outfit. Save your money and definitely DON'T buy this! Great Concept but useless!
1,Hooves splinter into hard, small sharp pieces.  Had to return them, worried dog would have GI tract lacerations.  Company customer service was awesome, they replaced the hooves w/ their pig ears.  Dogs love the ears & they are much safer.
1,too weak. Ive bought this from the local pet store and its nothing but plain water and hardly any indication of moisture in it. Does not soften my snakes scales, and it costs too much for its being good for abvoiulsy nothing. Homemade ideas work better. And have googles ideas with oils and such and they work fine.
1,Within a few hours, this sweater developed an irreparable hole along the seam.  It doesn't seem to be really well put together.  The colors are different than shown where the orange is acually a magenta and the baby blue is more of a dark periwinkle, but more blue than purple.  I don't believe that this difference is due to my monitor because other items are the true-to-life colors.
1,I liked the wipes, but the box doesn't close at all, my lid will not snap shut. All my wipes were dried out within days. Waste of my money
1,Better to just use the rake and dust pan one. Hard to not pinch the poo with the teeth of the scooper so as to not smush it and I am talking about hard poo not the fresh out of the butt kind.
1,I love Tropiclean water additive. I have been using it for quite a long time and it works fantastically.	However, my one dog's canines don't seem to get treated, probably because of the way he drinks, I would guess.	So I got this, because the idea of brushing his teeth seems traumatic.		I honestly can't tell you if this works. My dog had the strongest reaction to me putting in on his gums. He hated it so much I just can't keep doing it to him. And then he just wanted to drink but he couldn't for a half hour, so I felt super bad.		So, maybe your dog won't mind it. I hope it works for you. For his canines I'm going to resort to old fashioned brushing with doggy toothpaste. Gotta take care of his teeth!		And again, the water additive they have is my favorite. I've tried quite a few and it seems to work the best.
1,Poor quality!	The scissors are not well alligned and the blade is not sharp at all... I had purchased them to use on my dog's delicate face and paws without hurting him but I ended up pinching and pulling his hair!	Don't waste your money. 0 stars.
1,Dog chewed it up in the first 5 minutes
1,Okay, when I first got this litter home, my kitties were really hesitant to use it, but eventually they caved. I really loved it at first and they got used to it too. I thought all of the bad "odor" reviews must be from people with really sensitive noses or something b/c all I smelled was lavender. I mean, of course I'd smell poop too when the kitty who doesn't cover his would go, but I'd just scoop it or cover it. We were scooping daily, really loving this litter, but about a week in, we started to notice a weird smell in the house. Like stinky feet. I know others have compared it to vomit but this smells just like yucky feet to me. With as expensive as this litter is, I won't be buying it again considering it needs to be fully changed weekly to prevent the nasty smell. Stinks b/c I don't want to try Arm and Hammer (looks like it would track everywhere) and I've heard about major bug issues with Swheat. Really wanted this litter to work out, but we'll keep looking!
1,I can bring my dog all sorts of places with this vest regardless of his training/ obedience. So glad all the improperly trained non-service animals can ruin a good thing and necessity for some many disable/handicapped people.
1,I'm really disappointed in this product.  We have had it for almost a week and it only gets slightly warm after several hours.  If I leave it plugged in all day, when I come home it is ice cold.  Even if I put pressure on it, it does not warm up.
1,Thistle Fabric begins to pull away and buckle they more the cats use it if you hang it on the wall... all 5 of these I bought are doing the same!
1,What happed? I had been using this for a while now but the last couple of deliveries have me questioning if the company changed the formula. Now, when I pour the litter into the pan a big cloud of dust emerges. The litter box is in my bathroom so I have dust all over! No longer a fan.
1,The steps are very easy to assemble, and are very sturdy. The depth of the steps is better (deeper) than other 3-step or 4-step versions, but is still not deep enough for my elderly beagle (who has very short legs, and is longer than normal beagles). Also, the slant of the stair treads is not good for him. I was able to get him to go UP, but have not been able to get him to go DOWN. The stair treads are not deep enough, and the slant is too scary for him.  I may try a little more training to get him to go down the steps (as he really wants to go down, but then whimpers and gives up). But, I am not hopeful. (I did, in fact, return the steps-- paying $12 for return shipping.) This would be suitable for dogs with longer legs, I think.	Here are the measured dimensions of the steps, so you can maybe estimate if these will work for your pet: Tread depth = 8.5"; Rise of the steps = 6" at the front of each step, but 7.5" measured at the rear of the step [There is a 1.5" rise from the front of each step to the rear of the step, which yields a fairly substantial slope for each step]; the step width is 13.5" (usable), but 16" total width with the attached sides; the height of the steps is 21.5" at the front of the top step -- going to 23" when measured at the rear of the top step. Depth of unit is 25".
1,My puppy wasn't interested in these.
1,Maybe I just didn't understand the sizing but this was way too tight for my 3 lb. Bishpoo puppy.  I returned it.
1,My two little dogs had the rope ball chewed up and undone in no time.
1,Temperature display fluctuates 3 degrees, instantaneously!! One second it shows 76, the other second 78.9!! I'm returning it tomorrow!
1,I tried these and the greenies. The greenies are better and they have a weight control if the need it.
1,I've been buying this for over a year for my two cats after trying many other brands. Suddenly, the price increased by $7 a box.
1,I bought this thinking it was a good alternative to the Benebone for my 14 lb 7 month old French Bulldog. My dog quickly became more interested in the foot grips on the bottom portion of the chew toy as they were smaller and easier to chew on with there defined edges. I was amazed at how much he loved his new toy and would prance around the room showing it off. After about 30 minutes, he stopped chewing on it and stood by the door to go outside. On my way over, I picked up the bopne to inspect how well it was holding up. I was shocked to find one of the foot grips had been chewed off completely. I searched around for a few minutes trying to find it, but was not successful. My assumption was that he may have swallowed it. I have kept a good eye on him over the past 4 days to make sure he wasn't acting out of the ordinary. I have also been keeping an eye on his stools to see if he passes it. This morning at about 2 am, I woke up to him gagging like he was about to throw up. By the time I got over to where he was sitting, he had thrown up.  I was shocked to find the piece he had chewed off 4 days before. Thank goodness he is a tough little guy, and didn't seem to mind that this was lodged in his stomach / throat for the past 4 days. My suggestion for any owner is to keep a constant eye on there dogs as they play with this toy to ensure that this doesn't happen to them. I have read other reviews about dogs using the foot rest to hold the bone in place, but mine found the foot rest to be the most attractive spot to chew on. Hopefully the manufacturer takes in in consideration as the design evolves.
1,I just received this item today. Glad I purchased well in advance of my trip as I have to return this as unsafe and unusable.	As soon as I got it out of the box I noticed the wiring on one side looked warped.	From the start there was a problem- the directions say to first lift top panel like a page from a book, then  to lift up on the crate. The page part opened, but it wouldn't lift up. I looked all over it and realized it had been stuck together with one of the connectors, so I had to get that unstuck before proceeding, which wasn't easy.	I set it up according to directions (make sure one side is out, one is in... other odd instructions...).	As I was putting it together, I noticed that the connecting bits all had cut wire. But I assembled anyway to see if maybe it was part of the design. After assembling, the crate was sturdy enough, but did not look like something that could withhold an anxious dog. More importantly, those cut wires were clearly a hazard. Some actually stick out enough to cut. There is no way I would leave my dog alone in this crate with those cut wires.	I have included photos to show what I mean. Every connector (not sure what else to call them) on the crate has the cut wire. I showed it to our dog walker who came over right after I assembled the crate, and his immediate reaction  was "wow- that's dangerous!" He said it looked like it was supposed to be soldered but wasn't.	Obviously I am not keeping this item. I will look elsewhere for a crate that does not pose an obvious risk of harm to my dog or myself.
1,None of my cats will eat it and they all generally love wet food.		I can't speak to whether it's good for them, helps the issue, etc., since NONE OF THEM WILL EAT IT!		For this amount of money, they should come up with something that is at least tasty.
1,KIttens are unimpressed so far, but they responded well to the kitten canned food.  None of the kittens would drink this.
1,I had a few of these and my kitty loved them so much I ordered a big tub. And then  Kitty put them in the water dish. They bleed colors like you wouldnt believe. It stained the kitchen linoleum red and yellow. They are made in China. What in the name of all thats holy is my kitten putting in his mouth? We tried washing, rinsing and soaking them to get rid of the color, but gave up after a couple of weeks and threw them all away. (the photo shows the amount of color bleed after more than 20 soakings)
1,My puppy didn't feel secure with this and just wanted to chew on it. What a waste...
1,Not waterproof like it stated when I first bought it (they changed the title now)
1,Not for us.  I had been using Nature's Miracle Disposable Litter Box, Jumbo, 2-Pack and decided to try and save money with a smaller box.  My cat was not happy!  We have a larger cat and this is way to small for him.  Would likely be fine for small cats and kittens.
1,Smells of green tea which is great for masking the smell of urine. However, it doesn't clump at all.
1,This product was not as described.  It is nowhere near 24.  The wand is short and not sturdy.  It was shipped in a flimsy envelope without any padding and the mylar top came off within minutes of use. The seller Boogie Rock was argumentative and tried to blame it on the cat and said we were dishonest and expected us to pay the postage and re-stocking fees on the order.
1,I previously reviewed the Tagg pet  tracker, which I loved and used for years to keep track of a wandering cat who can't stay out after dark.  But ever since Whistle bought Tagg, things have gone downhill.  The customer service people are very nice but the Whistle tracker is simply not reliable and all the lovely customer service in the world won't find your missing cat if the tracker isn't working.  I finally cancelled my Whistle service after I had so much trouble finding the tracker that it became more stressful than trying to find the cat.  Of course the cat has to wear a breakaway collar to prevent him from getting hung up somewhere and choking, and I am thankful that the cat came home, but no matter how I searched, I never could find the tracker and after that happened three times, I gave up.  The whole point of the tracker is to be able to locate it and I'm sorry to say that Whistle's trackers simply don't work.
1,Works good at first but after about a month it quit working unless you are 2 feet away. At that range it is useless
1,This is just hard plastic, my puppy doesn't even think about playing with it.
1,I'd been using baby shampoo for my puppies (which is cheaper, and frankly, works just as good) for a while now.	Thought I'd try this out, maybe it would make them smell better, brighter coat, all that.	But the reality is, There's no real reason to spring for this when you *could* go with Johnsons No More Tears Baby Shampoo.	And as soon as this "Papaya" Shampoo is up, I'll be going back to that. I see no other benefit, but I do see a high pricetag.
1,The last time I got these they were dark and crumbled easily and my dog ate them. This time they were lighter and hard and had to really work at breaking them. Not expired. Still sealed.... hmmm... switching brands or not buying on amazon.
1,A friend gave my dog one of these and my dog loved it.  Here's why. It contains a LOT of sugar.  "Sorbitol, Fructose, Maltoextrin, Barley Malt Syrup"  No thanks.
1,I'm sure this works on some dogs, however it doesn't fit over my dogs nose, his nose is too long.
1,Cute idea but dog tore it to pieces in seconds!
1,didn't work in my tank
1,Size 3 does not fit a golden retriever
1,Instead of a package of cookies I received a package of broken pieces and crumbs. There were 7 unbroken cookies in the entire bunch. The  cookie container is so thin it rips apart when you try to pick up a cookie. It's too bad the bakery doesn't package them better because I think they could be a good treat.
1,These dry out so easily - or amazon stored these for a long time ...
1,Dog could care less about it,  He likes other Nylabones so I guess thats why they make Vanilla and Chocolate.
1,too snall
1,This container is so leaky, I got more on myself than on anything I was trying to put it on!		It got all over my fingers, and the smell was really hard to get off.  I ended up throwing it out after the first use.
1,These things are tiny! About the size of a quarter each.  For the price, what a waste. Buy a bag of ping pong balls!
1,Dogs don't like
1,Note that these contain corn - a food that dog's cannot properly process.
1,I had bought some similar Himalyan chews for my heavy chewer a few months ago that lasted several days.  He went through these in less than an hour.
1,While this is advertised as a "harness," IT IS NOT!  The position of the ring on the back pulls against THE NECK, NOT the chest as a dog harness should?  Further it chokes the dog the way it pulls on the ring because it pulls up on the front at the dog's neck with narrow edge of the front top seam?  It looked like a nice product but did not function as such.  Returned to AMAZON and replaced with a Comfort Soft Sport Harness ... double the price but well worth it.
1,I didn't read carefully before ordering - with the cutesy name I assumed it was lamb jerky of some kind.  They are actually dehydrated lamb lungs.  My dog did not like them.  They have quite an odor, which I also wasn't expecting.  Some dogs might like them, especially large breeds.  I won't order them again for my medium-sized Shiba Inu.
1,Very cheaply made. One came with black band already off and a dent in it. Have a sticker in the bowl that will leave residue you have to clean off. Utter trash of an item. Something you would find in a dollar store, if that.		Avoid this item. I regret buying it.
1,These are incredibly tiny, and extremely sharp. I'm scared the very pointy, sharp ends which punctured the bag will injure my dog if she doesn't very thoroughly chew them
1,Smaller than expected plus the material is not holding up as expected.
1,Cute. But the legs should be shorter. Had to send back
1,My dog will mot eat this. I have absolutely no reason of knowing why he won't but he totally ignores anything to do with it.
1,Birds nor squirrels really liked this.
1,My grooming wipes came broken and dry before I could even use them. I'm very disappointed.
1,This is not real fire hose.  My lab had it apart and shredded in two minutes.  Don't waste your money.
1,This is the second box of Classic Chicken that I ordered from Amazon.  and it will be the last.  The cans from the supermarket are juicey.  These two cases that I tried from Amazon  are dry and pastie!  Now, that's what I noticed when I opened the cans....  I also notice  how many dishes of this canned food  my cat  leaves  sitting....  won't touch it  and she's a real good eater!!  I went to the store  to get new cans  and  sure enough, I opened one and she didn't stop eating  until it was gone...  same brand, same type, same flavor.  now I have 21 cans that she won't eat!
1,I'm not impressed by this food.  It seems to disintegrate to powder rather than anything resembling actual brine shrimp.  The shrimp powder is too small to catch the fishes' interest which just ends up with unfed fish and a polluted tank.
1,Works excellent. I only use the sound feature and it has helped me train my dog. I have not used the vibration or shock, there has been no need. Works well at far away distances.		I am amending my review. After a month or so of use. It no longer charges as it should. I plug it turns green. Use for ten minutes and it stops working. I am disappointed since it was working well when it could charge. :(
1,The next day after using this product in our fish tank we woke up to find all our fish had died.
1,The first flap that came with my large Freedom door withstood 4 years of 2 large dogs running in and out.  So, when it finally ripped off the screws that held it at the top, i ordered this replacement flap.  The new flap has a major design flaw.  It does not come with new screws.  The old screws don't fit the new flap, the head of the screw is too tiny and the flap pulls off the screw when the dog walks through, leaving the flap hanging by a single corner.  I have readjusted the screws for 3 days, the flap falls off with one gentle walkthrough by a slow old dog.  So, I went to the giant hardware store with the old screws, matched them up to the #6-32 3/8" screws there, which are the smallest narrowest ones they sell, the smallest size, look the same, agreed to by the hd expert.  Once home, these new screws are only just slightly too thick to fit through the metal frame's holes.  So, both the new screws and old screws are useless.  So, now i have 4 old screws that don't hold the flap in place, i have spent 3 days messing with this door flap, and right now it is hanging by 1 screw and the freezing cold air and bugs from outside are coming into the house.  I am not happy.
1,My mini schnauzer loves the (expensive) bully sticks we buy at the store, so I decided to try these.  They are skinnier and she goes through them much faster.  They also stink and make her breath stink!!  We still have a lot left, not sure what I am going to do.
1,I bought this to use when clipping my dogs nails.  I work in a Vet Office and they use a name-brand styptic powder which I first looked up.  The name brand was pricey so I asked one of our technicians if there was any reason it was better than another, and he didn't think so.		Blood Stop was amazingly cheap by comparison, so I bought it.	I have used both "Name Brand" and Blood Stop many times before writing this review, and there is just no comparison.  Blood Stop works probably a little less well than baking soda, and smells awful.  The main ingredient is ferrous sulfate - so it has a strong metallic smell, which to me smells VERY strongly of blood - since blood is already on your mind when using it.	"Name Brand" stops most kwik cuts in seconds, some of the worse ones you have to hold for a minute or so.  Blood Stop clumps the blood and causes a mess, and does not noticeably stem the flow of it at all.  If I have to hold it in place for 5 minutes every time, I think it's merely applying pressure that is letting the blood clot, not the Blood Stop.		Anyway, I'm very disappointed.  After the 10th or so time it disappointed me I decided to throw it away.
1,I do not see any difference at all.  My dog is still congested and coughing...
1,We had used this product for about a year. Dont know if something has been changed in manufacturing or what.	It is very dusty now dust on everything in room and when cleaning litter box very fine powder settles in bottom.
1,The Green Pet Shop Kat Pak seems like a great idea. Set up the box, pour in the litter and let your cat use it. When it is dirty, just throw the whole pak away, no dealing with messy litter.	 And it probably would be extremely useful for maybe a one cat house. I was determined to use it for one of my cats that decided to stay in my bedroom all the time after new cats were introduced.  Maybe if Heidi was the only one using it, the cat box could have stood a chance. I did not count on the other cats deciding they had to investigate and use Heidi's cat box. There were other litter boxes available in the house, but apparently this was the most interesting cat box at that time. That is why I gave the Kat Paks 1 star because they could not stand up to multiple cats. I am also sure this product wouldn't be recommended for multiple cats.		So if you have one cat and want to try it, it may work very well for you. Since I have multiple cats, I will not be buying this product again anytime soon.
1,Low light quality, I returned this item for a reef capable and it's night/day difference.  I guess that's pretty obvious, but I thought this was very weak lighting.
1,After several patient tries up and down the different tones the whistle can produce, and seeing that my retriever didn't even pick up her head, I gave up.  I can't stress enough though, just how small this thing is.  Its thinner than a standard drinking straw and about an  inch and three quarters to two inches long.  Its  difficult to use, difficult to handle, and I was unable, after reading the directions, to produce a sound my dog noticed.
1,Too tight in leg area.  I had to cut them out to give my dog freedom of motion.
1,I had been using Frontline for years on both my cats and dog. Tried Frontline PLUS without doing any research and my dog is paying for it. Approx. three days after application she developed welts all over her body. Last night I was up with her, she was crying and couldn't sleep. I went online and saw that this happens with FP. I gave her Benedryl and she was finally able to sleep. If I'd had a thousand bucks laying around, I would have been at the emergency vet. I am going to give her the Benedryl every few hours to keep her comfortable for now.		I'm just glad I didn't get around to putting any on my cats yet.
1,Love this company but these were either very old or come hard.  Neither of my cats would touch them and when I tried to break them into smaller pieces they were little rocks, so not sure if it was bad/old product or this type.  I have purchased the regulars ones for both cats and dogs and have loved them.  Would not recommend these or buy again.
1,Does absolutely nothing to absorb odor. Unscented shouldn't mean ineffective.
1,too hard, don't get if you have hardwoods or you're going to regret it, from a doberman owner.
1,I absolutely LOVE receiving products that have already been used and repackaged with tape. I have to say I was truly amazed when the product worked, the wet suction cups were definitely a nice touch when I opened the package. The seller was surely going for a tried and true product, they were so right in thinking we should give her a product that someone already tested in their tank so we know itll work in her tank too. If you are in the market for used aquarium lights this is the number one source.	**please note the heavy sarcasm for optimum results when reading my review**
1,My 3 month old Westie tore right through the window in this thing. For traveling in the car we decided to go with a bed and a clip that snaps in the seatbelt holder.
1,When I got this item it wasn't packaged well and had chunks missing out of the top. It's also very rough and I had to tape some pieces so my ball python wouldn't hurt himself. I basically had to rub my hands all over this thing and if it cut or scratched me I would cover the spot with duct tape. If I had seen this product in the store first I would not have purchased it.
1,This stuff is USELESS!  I bought it because my tank water had gotten cloudy approximately 2 wks after adding a few new fish.  I have used a product named Filter Aid in the past and unfortunately, can't find it anywhere now.  This stuff did not clear my water up like it said it would.  I tried 2 more doses of it and nothing.  I ended up with the milky looking water like another reviewer said-- and I also lost 2 fish and the water turned GREEN!  This tank has been set up for awhile and there has never been an algae problem in this tank (there was none in there).  Now, I can't get my water back to normal.  I've had fish for over 20 yrs so have experience.  I've even called the company to no avail.  Don't waste your time or money on this stuff.
1,Fortiflora has absolutely no benefit as a probiotic. Since it's heavily comprised of "animal digest" (the same schlocky slaughterhouse floor ingredient used to make otherwise inedible dry foods - like Meow Mix or Temptations treats - palatable for cats) it could serve as an appetite stimulant, but it's a terrible probiotic as it's just a single strain of bacteria and not a proper live culture. It's popular with vets for the same reason prescription foods are: it is very heavily promoted by traveling sales reps who know all the right ways to market their products for their core constituents, but for cats it's worthless. The problem here is not likely to be a bacterial imbalance, but if you are going to use probiotics for supportive purposes, use a better balanced product like Bene-bac, Jarrow's Petdophilus, Nexabiotic, or any high quality human probiotic with a combination of lactobacillus and bifidobacterium, giving 5-20 billion CFU daily depending on weight (start small, move up with larger cats).	Source: President of a well known cat rescue (not me) whose advice/information has never been incorrect yet.
1,So curious what my extra bonus is??!!  A free toy inside of 2oz of cat nip.  It's a pretty fresh container and I am so glad the infestation of bugs contained INSIDE of the container caught my attention before I opened it.  There are tons and tons of bugs in it.  I don't have a single bug in my home but thr entire inside of this jar is infested.  WHAT ARE THEY???		I am pretty angry right now.  We are a huge Kong home and Ninja must have 12 squirrels now since she looooves them but I can't have your products bringing in God Knows What Kind Of Bugs From God Knows Where.
1,Not for my dog. She started to bite pieces off in 1 minute, yep 1 minute. A 12 pound peek-a-poo. 8 months old. Tossed in garbage already. Probably should have returned it.
1,While this looked like the perfect harness in the picture, the size was way smaller than I was lead to believe. My special shelter puppy is greyhound thin and the medium size harness was way too small. It looked cute and sturdy, I was sorry to not have it fit.
1,I've been using this seed mixture for several years now with no problems, however recently I have received the last few bags that had some nasty looking fillers in the food...nuts dried and hard peas and other things I did not recognize. I will contact the seller.
1,It was small
1,my cats didn't like it
1,Please note this is the MF99Z. The better reviews are not for this model. I wish I had noticed that before I purchased it.	It is going back.  It is junk - and I believe a very cheap imitation of the Frisco product.  And I do mean very cheap. The fabric is so thin, I think it would tear after just a little use.  The "houses" do not have solid sides.  It is just fabric.  They come with the top and bottom pancaked together, and the buyer has to insert 4 corner posts, with two screws each, to make the box shape.  Good idea for shipping from their point of view, but just more assembly for the buyer.	Despite this, I decided to keep it, until it was halfway assembled and I found that the post on top of the lowest "house" was too short. I triple checked my assembly - yes I had followed instructions to the letter.  Apparently when they imitated the other product, they failed to notice that this one post needed to be 1.75 inches longer than the other two front posts.	I think this cat tree had been returned from someone else too, - the lower house had a screw left in one corner. The package of screws had been taped so much it appeared to be all tape!	Unfortunately, Amazon doesn't carry the original Frisco product, which I have seen at a relative's house, and know it to be a far superior quality.  I prefer to shop with Amazon, but will have to order it elsewhere.
1,Not same as Petromalt.  Cats used to stand and lick as much as I allowed right from tube.  They fight me with this one & spit out, more oily.		Also this tube not sealed solid at end & 2 so far leaked out.
1,I bought these pads because of their price ,I figured how bad could they be.....These pads are awful! They were poorly made,they did not absorb well at all had to use 2 pads instead of one .Will never buy this brand again & will not recommend to anyone!
1,Item received leaked all inside the box.
1,I purchased the Medium Pet Feeder and the Ergo Pet Waterer in 2003 from the Ergo website.		First off, the timer that comes with the food is horrible.  It has great functions and is easily programmable, but over the course of 5 years I had 3 and they would just stop working.  I didn't realize I could use any appliance timer so I kept buying replacements from Ergo at $25 a pop.  When I finally found out any appliance timer would work, I went with&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Woods-59377-Digital-7-Day-Lamp-Appliance-Timer-with-2-Outlets-Up-to-8-On-Off-Settings-per-day-and-Battery-Back-Up/dp/B000IKQRTU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Woods 59377 Digital 7-Day Lamp/Appliance Timer with 2 Outlets, Up to 8 On/Off Settings per day and Battery Back Up</a>, it has all the same functions and is a sleeker design.  Not to mention it was over $10 cheaper.		Other than the timer issue, I couldn't be happier with the feeder 8 years later.  I use either Science Diet or Purina Beneful.  The Beneful is dispensed with no problem, but any food that is "Large Bites" will not.  If you change the size of the kernels, you may need to adjust the time duration it feeds. Larger kernels I find need to be set longer, but if I use smaller kernels and don't decrease the fall time, it overfeeds them.		I received the waterer at the same time an was initially satisfied.  Everything assembled well, but if you've used smaller auto wateres in the past, you know the warning sound it makes when it's low, this one doesn't and we burned out several pumps.  We eventually just got rid of all the filters and electronics and just use it a a gravity waterer.  This works well for us because we add teeth cleaners and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Good-Dog/dp/B000633X14/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Good Dog!</a>&nbsp;to the water and our dogs finish the water pretty quickly so it doesn't have time to get slimy or stale.		If you stay on top of the water level so you don't burn out the pump, it is a great machine.  However if you burn out the pump you have to buy a replacement from Ergo because they are a special size and you can't connect one externally due to the products design, it has a hole on the side that prevents use of another pump.		[...]
1,The sizing seems to be off on this product or maybe mine was miss labeled. I ordered a medium for a sheltie and it looked about the size a small terrier might wear.
1,Betta says no.  My betta won't eat this.  Maybe it has too much healthy vitamins or something.  If your betta will eat it, fine.
1,sorry to say but my puppy had the considerable stuffing out of the toy and all over the house and the yard in less than 2 hours.  this toy is 'not so tuff' in my opinion
1,My dog did not like this so I had to buy a different version of this.
1,I bought this excitedly thinking that we would have another option for our heavy chewer (lab/shepherd mix) to go along with the Nylabone Big Chews we buy. Our dog had inch-long gouges in this bone within 10 minutes, and was pulling off pieces larger than grains of rice in 15. This was not a good fit for our dog, and I'd highly recommend keeping a close eye to make sure they're not getting big pieces off when you first give it to your dog. You just never know. We still buy the Big Chews religiously.
1,It only lasted 3 months. Then it started vibrating hard. It worked good up until then.
1,broken - very poor packing plastic bottom was cracked and chipped - returned the item. Had it been packed well would have been nice
1,My dog started tearing it on day one. Quality is not good
1,Smaller than anticipated and cat showed absolutely no interest....
1,My cats do not use it at all!!!
1,I was not happy with these.  They were hard to put on my dog.  I bought XL for my golden retriever and they were too small.  They didn't seem to fit right, maybe because they were too small but they still seemed odd.  They didn't feel natural on his feet and he didn't want them on, I expected some adjustment but they weren't worth having him adjust too.  I can also see the velcro getting his hair in it and not working over time (and soon).  The amount of work that would be required to get these on and off his feet is not worth the reason I bought them - to deal with mud situations and his paws.  I doubt I will ever use them.
1,Have had my dog on this for over 2 months and have not seen any difference. He has dysplastic hips and is still sore after exercise.
1,My dog gets soaked but I guess it works a little. Not as strong as I hoped.
1,Fits odd
1,Very disappointed.  Leather isn't even cut straight.  I expected a lot better quality.
1,The tablets had discolored from age.  These tablets are suppose to be yellow, not orange or rust colored.  I should have returned.
1,Collar was supposed to fit a 4 lb dog but it is 3-4 inches too big. All efforts to adjust fail.
1,Pretty flimsy
1,This aquarium is ok. I got the same one from Petco for $20 cheaper. I ended up taking the thing back and getting a whole extended kit ten gal tank for the same price.
1,This kibble is very dry and pale in color. The Coastal Catch is moist and much darker. The pups love coastal catch. They are not crazy about the Great Plains. I would expect a Bison formula to be better.
1,Sorry, out of my four cats only one likes it enough to eat most of it, one will eat some of it and two refuse to eat it at all. The dogs aren't wild about it either, sometimes they eat what the cats leave behind, other times they won't.
1,This ball didn't last very long (less than one week). I have a beagle mix puppy. My dog hooked his teeth into the holes and gnawed away. Once he got a chunk off, he was able to remove the inside piece that crackles. If left unattended, your dog can chew the plastic into tiny pieces and choke. I wouldn't recommend this or buy this again.
1,I keep buying this stuff hoping that a different type or a greater volume will work but I just don't see the results I'm looking for. Sure it works better than most other cleaners but you can still smell cat pee and it does nothing to deter further marking. Given the price, I definitely think its a rip off.
1,Found much less expensive, Made in USA plastic pet foods lids at a brick & mortar store.
1,Didn't work at all in calming my dogs fear of thunderstorms. Don't waste your money plus it has an odor to it
1,Sorry, my min pin or chihuahua smelled this food and would not touch it.. total loss!!!
1,My pups would give these 5 stars, but beware. Twice now the disk, as it has been chewed thin, has come out if the holder & gotten wedged against one pup's palate. I've had to use pretty good force to get it unstuck. I fear she might choke on it if she managed to get it loose.	Remove disk before it gets to thin & easily pops out of holder! Don't let your dog's have this unsupervised!
1,Dont know if this wouldve helped our diabetic pugs eyes, it spiked her blood sugar so intensely we had to discontinue immediately. If your diabetic dog is sensitive to glycerin wouldnt recommend this product.
1,If you can get this on your cat without loosing some blood, I commend you my friend.
1,As described. Rabbit are right through it immediately.  Should've read the other reviews lol
1,I purchased two Planet Dog Orbee-Tuff Orbee balls, for my German shepherds. This product has changes. The planets are "attached" to the ball by some sort of glue I guess. During play these large planet shaped pieces of plastic come off and can become a choking hazard. I began finding them in my dogs stools and all over the house. The balls without the planets are very dangerous as they are very slimy and slippery. I have always loved planet dog products and loved the old ones as the planets were molded into the ball. I am going to try to get a refund for these useless and dangerous balls!		After I wrote the review I contacted Planet Dog as the balls were too old for a full Amazon refund. They were very nice and in fact are replacing these for me with their Luna Balls which I love! I was very impressed with the attitude of the company!
1,Dog loves it... but to chew on and rip apart...
1,Just like other reviewers said, my cats loved this at first, then stopped eating it.  I cancelled my subscribe and save.  I wanted them to like it, low carbs, high water content, and cheap!	It's a no-go for us.
1,Those do not work in a multi-cat household. I owned a no kill shelter before I lost my house in the mess back in 2010-2011. I was able to adopt out the younger kittens, but when I moved in to care for my mom 16 older cats ( unadoptable) came with me, because the humane society was putting all cats down after a 10 day hold whether they were healthy or not. My mom has 2 cats of her own. So 18 cats makes this product useless. They owe and scratch, just as much or worse since I had them put in. Hopefully it's not to late to return. Hope this review helps multi-cat owners decide.
1,Toy keeps falling apart would not recommend to anyone
1,I have a Husky who sheds like crazy and this works well for keeping the car somewhat clean. However, the clips are cheap plastic.  I've had this for about 4 months. Two have already had half of them break. My Husky is very well behaved in the car too. She sits quietly or lays down in the car, so it's not like they are getting crazy amounts of tension from a dog running or jumping. Would go with something higher quality.
1,It was squeeky and irrtating at night..I got rid of it and bought a new one..
1,My rabbits love alfalfa hay (oxbow mainly) but won't eat this one.  We gave this one a try but they let it sit and ate the Timothy hay over this one.  That says something about it.
1,Not durable at all. My puppy chewed through it in two days and ripped the zipper off. This is NOT chew-proof.
1,These serve the main function, lining the box of kitty litter and they are cheap, but that's it. They lack a draw string, which I regard as a necessary component. You can't tighten the liner to adjust to the size and shape of the box. Moreover, when it comes time to change the box, which our cat indicates by pulling the liner off the edge of the box, there is no way to close the sack. Some inevitably spills on the way to the garbage.		There are plenty of alternatives. I suggest you try something other than this one.
1,I had to return this due to toxic smell that came from the fabric of the carrier. I thought I could air it out but by the second day, it still seemed to be the same and I was concerned this wouldn't be safe for my new puppy. Amazon was great about returning it.
1,This product is terrible, actually very dangerous.  For a couple of days it has had my fish at a comfy 80 degrees F, where they like it.  Then suddenly today is was 67.5 degrees F.  And this is not the first time.  One day I found it at 86 degrees F, way too hot for my fish.  It has fluctuated all over the place.  I bought a different one and paid to have shipped extra fast to get rid of this one.
1,Cat played with it all of 5 minutes and never again.  Balls do not stay in motion without constant tapping.
1,This food is complete GARBAGE. This isn't really better than any other grocery food out there. When you buy dog food you should study the ingredients, pay attention to the first three since ingredients are listed by weight. In this food the first ingredient is corn, a filler. [...]dog-food-reviews/purina-dog-chow/ is a tool to help evaluate dog foods, I don't agree with it 100% but in this case it explains why this is NOT a good choice!	The only foods I feed my dogs now are TOTW (Taste of the wild) and Fromm, these are more expensive but still reasonable.	The best things about switching are your dogs will eat less food per serving (higher calorie and more satisfying), your dog will be healthier, you may notice a better coat, your dog will probably have more energy, obese dogs may lose weight!		If your deadset on buying this then buy it at your local store as it is way overpriced here!
1,I bought this after a friend of mine said it works wonders for her puppy. I sprayed it on the pee pads and the dog when everywhere but on the pads.  My friend said it works for her.  So it might work or it might not.  Didnt for my puppy.
1,Great stuff, but the price here is twice what it is at Petco.
1,Worst. They balloon out into pan because of the height of pan.dont waste your money.use them for disposal bags is what I do.no stars If it were possible.
1,Thai lat shipment must have new formula - it smells bad and my cats do not finish it while they usedt o love it. Will not buy again.
1,I tried this as it is supposedly a quiet pump. No way!		Pick up the JW Pet Company Fusion Air Pump 400 Aquarium Air Pump instead. SOOO much better, quieter, and has the ability to dial in the amount of air you need, which also lowers the volume.
1,Ordered according to size reccomendations. Couldn't even get it on my dogs head, way to small. Had to return. On the plus, return was easy and simple to do.
1,Caused UTI in my poor cat.
1,Brenna does not like or tolerate these at all but my son's dogs do like them.
1,I had high hopes for this product... I even bought two. But for the moment I put them up they would fall after a few minutes.... It was easy to put together but falls.... I contacted the seller and was told to clean the suction cups ..... Tried that , I even cleaned my windows over and over and still fell. With no cats on it.... I tossed the boxes already so now I have two that don't work.... Side note the suction cups I have do not look like the ones on any videos I found online ... Maybe that's the problem they cut corners....
1,I had the old design for 10 years.  Never had an issue until it finally cracked		This new design is HORRIBLE.  The locking ring is impossible to separate.  I end up turning the entire dripping mess upside down and moving it back and forth until i think it lines up.  Nope! So I decided to dremel the locking tabs off.  That didn't fix the problem.  I have broken this one after only a few months because someone over engineered the product!
1,My dog despised this harness and I kind of felt bad using it on her!
1,The plants are doing OK. One is on it's way out I believe. That being said,  I ended up with a bunch of little snails about a month after I had them. Not too happy about fishing these things out over the next week.
1,My cats enjoyed the flavor of this food, but every time I poured it in their bowl there was at least 1 giant chunk of kibbles that we're all smashed together (see photo). Of course they tried to eat it anyways because, duh, it's a giant kibble! It was really hard for them to chew however, so they'd end up leaving them aside.	I probably won't buy this food again. They need new quality control in kibble uniformity.
1,Sent us a tiny size. Waste.
1,Please refer to my photo of the "baby pink" colored harness I ordered. Also, despite the indicated sizing info, the harness is too big for my 4.5 pound Yorkie puppy. She's able to wiggle out of it.
1,The dog food was good but the cans were all dented up.
1,Weak. It gave me 10 seconds of frenzy feline fun time before my cat turns its tail. Total waste of money. Find another instead of purchasing this one.
1,Indestructible, but only bc my dog has no interest in it. Strong smell of rubber
1,I really wanted this medication to work for flukes. I have treated my tank three times already. The flukes are still present and Im still losing fish. Ive heard good things about mardel clout. Ill have to try that next. Disappointed.
1,Very good quality. The food is so dense I had to add water for the cats. They didn't mind the food. But one cat could no longer eat it bc it was so dense even with water it maybe cat constipated. Had to put it on laxatives which still wasn't enough. Ended up having to switch the food
1,This is what I used to feed my cat daily. Then I was told by a vet assistant not to buy food with "chicken meal" as the #1 ingredient. She said it's too stressful on their organs and could lead to organ failure. "Chicken meal" is what's left of a chicken after you take all the meat off the bones. In other words, this food (#1 ingredient) is made from the crap which usually ends up in the trash.
1,I  wasn't impressed with the design.  Seemed not durable as describe. If you have a spunky puppy or dog, it doesn't fit right. I tried to tighten the straps, still did not work.  The hooks are located on the lower back to hook your leash on. My opinion,  unless you have a very calm dog,  it isn't practical, really doesn't reflect, or even came to be a able to use. I  used it on a very meek  10 pound Teddy Bear pup. A huge disappointment.
1,I've owned one of these squirrels for a few years now. The first one had a regular squeaker, this new one has a voice box that chirps.... The slingshot surgical tubing on the new one broke within 1 day.  The old one still works fine, this happened to the new slingshot chicken we purchased too... I can tie it back through the holes, but I do not think it is safe for my dog any longer. Waste of money and time. I wish they would remake the old ones.
1,Too small, kinda pricy for what it is
1,Dangerous garbage.  Half of the small squeakers are defective.  The insert that goes into the stem of the plastic bubble are too small and they fall out.  I've had no problem with the medium size squeakers so I am really disappointed.  It appears that no matter who is offering these made in China pieces of crap - they all have the same problem.  I plan on using a dab of super glue to put the inserts in the tube.  I urge anyone who purchases these to do the same, or ensure your dog can't get to the small part and swallow it.
1,I would look elsewhere because I have 3 other superior carriers. That being said it still works fine
1,Put on my dog because of tick season and doesn't seem to be working.  Spoke to vet who mentioned that finding out Frontline and this product aren't effective anymore for ticks.  Live out in California and because of our rains and heat periods this summer ticks are rampant.  Will have to buy something stronger.  Gave it 2 stars because at least my dogs don't have fleas with this.
1,Well it was pretty good for 2 days and then killed my fish! Electrocuted $300 worth of Triggers, Wrasses, Puffers, and 1 Mantas Shrimp.
1,This review is for the "TUNA AND SHRIMP" formula only.		It is extremely DRY!!! I've tried other formula and I was very satisfied; however, TUNA AND SHRIMP formula is completely different from other formula. The food seems super dry and it's even hard to break it. I had to mix the food with lots of water in order to make the texture NORMAL.
1,Did not work for my 2011 Kia Forte
1,1. The descriptions states red, but this is hot pink.  2. This bed is small and super cheaply thrown together.
1,I have treated both my dogs with a dose for the last two months, and it still hasn't been effective. The fleas may just be extremely resistent to medication this season, but I still see them both itching/scratching/biting after consistent usage. Will have to try Advantix or Frontline next.
1,These are fun for your dog and a good tug toy.  But the cotton thread is easily chewed off the toy and digested by the dog.  Probably not that big a problem since dogs pass all kinds of things through their system.  Really these tugs should be used under supervision.
1,Product fine.  Amazon is hateful.
1,Too small
1,Worthless
1,Never squeaked
1,My cat loves catnip, this is not it! I have no idea what you put in this product but it does not work and immediately thereafter he was choking and gasping and to catch his breath! This better not have been played with, I want my money back :( my poor cat
1,The vibrate function doesn't work. It was broken right out of the box. Now I have to drive to a UPS store...
1,Aqua clear 70. The aqua clear filters are great when they work. Beware those with fine sand, make sure to leave the motor off when doing water changes, the sand will get into the motor housing and impeller magnet. I have went through 2 of these in the last 6 months. The fist time the impeller itself was making really loud vibration noise, come to fine out the sand was damaging the impeller magnet that spins creating friction noise. So I replaced the impeller but when I put the motor housing back on i didn't align the thread perfectly and the threads bent the wrong way, i'm not that strong so that felt cheaply made, but my fault for not aligning the thread right, so I bought a new motor this time and a new impeller. barely 2 months later and the second impeller just completely stops spinning, so i remove the housing and attempt to clean the impeller and it broke when i pulled it out, tried the other impeller and the noise got even louder so i called it quits and put my old aqueon 30 back, it doesn't filter as well but its much more reliable and quieter. I like the fluval aquaclear filters, but I am gona try the marineland 400 this time around.
1,Like alot of online shoppers who love their pets, I researched this item before buying. I even read the Scoop Free website and saw all the rave reviews! Well, here's my take on this item:	IT STINKS!	I have two cats. The instructions swear that you can set up this box and leave it for 15 days with 2 cats. Well, I set it up. The cats liked it well enough. But the problem came as soon as they began to deposit solid waste into it.	IT STUNK UP THE ENTIRE HOUSE from the FIRST time the cats used it!	The waste receptacle (that they claim you can leave for the magic 15 days) got FULL with normal use within THREE DAYS!!!! The solid waste began to get caught behind the rake as well.	Did I mention that this box is LOUD as well?? And LARGE/bulky.	So make sure you get this item from a place that you can easily RETURN it if you find the review I wrote here to be your experience! I took mine back on the third day and got a full refund.	I now use the normal litterbox with crystal litter and its great for us.
1,Bag arrived opened in the box, with corn cob everywhere. It is also by far the dustiest stuff I have ever used. Will not be bying this brand again.
1,Very disappointed with this item because we ordered it in size large for our medium sized dog and it was too small and did not fit. While this item was marked large it certainly was not a large sized outfit.
1,Way smaller than expected, cats didn't even fit in the door....
1,I have a very aggressive chewer (dog). He didn't like this toy much at all. It kind of smells odd and its slick or smooth. I don't know if either of those bothered him but they did me. We rotate toys daily and this one never got played with so we kind of let it fall to the bottom of the box. Not sure, but I don't think I would get this brand again. I'll stick to Kong brand.
1,I had ordered these in the past and they were great so naturally I order them again...this bag was very low quality they are almost hollowed out. i will not purchase this brand again. The one great ting is they are made in the USA.
1,wrong size
1,My cat is one of the least picky cats I know, she refused to use it as a litter box, but would take naps in it, and when she finally did use it as a litter box, the smell was so terrible immediately, I didn't even know that a cat could create something that horrid.
1,Made my dogs throw up.
1,My boxer wanted absolutely nothing to do with it.
1,After purchasing 6 medium bowls for my Corgi crew, & using them for over a year, I found out this exact bowl was recalled in 2009 for heavy metal, lead & radiation emissions.  No big deal, right??  After using the bowl for a couple months, one of my corgis starting having seizures.  I lost her 8 months later at the age of 4 years old due to cluster seizures.  She ate from this bowl twice a day, every day.  Coincidence?  Maybe.  But, I am throwing my $100 bowl investment in the trash.  I've tried & tired to contact the manufacturer, Our Pet, to ask about the current metal composition of the bowl & see their lab testing, but they won't even give me the common courtesy of a reply.  Not to mention, the bowl didn't even slow them down.  Now, I have to live with the guilt of possibly killing one of my beloved babies due to a irresponsible, money hungry company like Our Pet.
1,The cats refuse to eat it. The ingredients sound great but it looks kinf of green when you mix it up and doesn't smell like cat food, it actually smells like grains, they won't eat it so no matter how good the ingredients if the cat won't eat it then it is no good. I guess I have to give it to the strays, maybe mix it in with other food?
1,Looked great at first, but ends up in a ball in the kennel. Too light weight to stay put on metal kennel bottom.  Would work great on carpeting.
1,this did nothing for my pups liver enzymes.  i have heard it helps, but it didn't help Scarlet.
1,This really does nothing.  It doesn't clean the spot at all.  It doesn't stop your pet from using the spot again and it has a terrible odor for humans.  Doesn't seem to phase my puppy.
1,My dog typically goes crazy over squeaker toys and had no reaction at all to this. I'm glad I never took the tags off as it is being returned.
1,doesn't grab the hsir
1,I've tried numerous Best Bully products for my 10 month Lab Retriever. He likes all of them - especially the Supreme Best Bully 12 inch sticks. He ate the cows ears - but clearly he wasn't able to chew and digest them. He was constipated for two days and eventually passed them. But I can't use the rest of the bag. For whatever reason, he just can't digest these.
1,My turtle doesn't like it at all.
1,The steps are just too narrow for a larger dog (Labrador Retriever). The bottom surface is slippery too so our dog just didn't trust it
1,You would think something with the name invincible would at least last a few weeks. My Labrador retriever (not a dog known for great biting or jaw power) ripped a hole in this thing in a few hours. if you want something that lasts a while get a Kong ballistic
1,It really didn't do anything to kill the algae I couldn't reach, and algae continued to grow even after cleaning and treating with this product.
1,my cat liked it but her stomach could not tolerate it.. upchucked the first feeding every morning and occasionally during the day. she lost 2 lbs over a period of 4-5 months.. switched over to  Hill's Science Diet Adult Dry Cat Food for sensitive stomachs and have had good results.. gained back the 2 lbs in two months.
1,My dogs will have nothing to do with this thing.  It smells like rubber/plastic
1,Perhaps ours was defective, but it caused nothing but frustration for us. We wanted it to keep our cats off from jumping up onto a curved table. It kept going off frequently when nothing was there. I kept looking for pieces of debris that might be shorting it out, but couldn't find anything. And even set to the highest level, our cats just didn't seem to care. We tested it to make sure it was delivering shocks, but our cats would still jump up whenever the mat wasn't there.
1,this does not  work. I put outside hoping I could get my Australian shepherd to cut down on her barking. I did not stop her, did not phase her. she did not care. neither did the other dos
1,This kind of cap does not work for me for the small cat food cans, which is all I buy. My fingers are strong enough for ordinary household tasks, but not strong enough to bend this cap. The putting of several plastic rings on the underneath part of that the cap so that the cap can fit several sizes of cans is what renders the cap so thick and stiff that I can't bend it.		As you know, to get these caps on and off the cans, you have to bend them.  I wonder if this problem could be solved by the manufacturer. Maybe they could use thinner plastic overall and the cap would still work?  I see that many other customers have the same problem.
1,This says fat free and is NOT...I was very upset when I received it and returned it immediately as my dog cannot have any fat.
1,Disappointed so I ordered another after my dog chewed the handle off in a day, but sadly the same thing happened because the handle is now hollow not solid and they have cheaped out. Will not order after my blue one, after it said heavy duty I thought the handle would be solid, but it wasnt. Bad choice.
1,I got the Large/XL for my elderly, 65 pound, female doberman. Although it fits around her bottom and waist perfectly, it still leaks every single time she sleeps in them. She has a short/docked tail, which means her tail doesn't stay in the tail hole. I think the tail in the tail hole is supposed to keep the diaper in place. It always slides down just enough to wear her genitals are showing through the tail hole and she just pees everywhere. I've gone through the entire pack hoping for a different result, but it just doesn't work for my dog.
1,The Chewbacca theme is cool but he died instantly. I thought because of the rope it would be more durable. Not the case.
1,I've found most dogs can't use this correctly. They want to rip flaps off, flip the whole toy or get so discouraged they walk away.
1,I've had terrible luck with Fluval products. This one was no exception. Leaks. Save your money and buy a glass one.
1,I bought these to help keep the mud outside but they do not stay on my dogs feet. They are a straight fit so if I make it tight enough to stay on he has a hard time walking.  I trained him for 2 weeks and that worked to get him used to having them on but I got tired of finding them all over the yard.
1,I ordered this from Kurgo's website in the green/gray color. It's used with my 2004 Honda Civic. The fit is fine, however, I do not think Kurgo car seat covers are quality products. This is my fourth Kurgo car seat cover, none of them have lasted over a year.		The other three were&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Kurgo-Waterproof-Car-Bench-Seat-Cover-for-Dogs-Black-Lifetime-Warranty/dp/B00602YFBC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Kurgo Waterproof Car Bench Seat Cover for Dogs, Black - Lifetime Warranty</a>. The waterpoof backing on them kept degrading with less than  a year of use and the stretchy cords that would go under the bench seat to help keep the cover in place would unravel and the plastic holders would sever them. Some of the straps were also poorly reinforced so they'd also come off after light use. If they could get the waterproof backing flaw figured out it would be a decent cover.		After a month and a half of near daily use I cannot recommend this. I've washed this cover twice on delicate with cold water (per their washing instructions) and air dried since I've had it. The stitching has completely unraveled from ALL sides of this product, and continues to unravel inward, soon there won't be any thread left to unravel. This cover isn't what you want if you're looking to protect your seats from water and dirt either. Water and sand will trickle through the zipper and the zipper material. Huge flaw in this design. I mean, what's the point in this if you want to protect your seats? I'm still having to clean the crap out of my car every month. The back straps will take a beating since the dog will always have tension on them from their weight no matter what you do. So far with my 86lb dog, they've held in place fine, but the material has stretched out a bit. There are no side seat protectors like some bench seat covers so they are exposed to water, claws, and dirt when the dog jumps in the vehicle. The stretchy cord that goes under the seat to keep the cover in place have nearly severed from the plastic holders again. Lastly, because the material is slippery it doesn't hang onto the hair - it will blow around and gather in corners and crevices of your vehicle. If you really care about keeping the hair to a minimum and your seats dry and clean, look at something else. If they didn't offer their lifetime warranty I would have left a long time ago. Kurgo seat covers don't hold up and I'm finally ditching them. Don't rely on Kurgo for moderate to heavy use.
1,Never worked quietly - the company was awesome and sent a replacement free of charge but neither one worked properly and are VERY noisy!	 After the second attempt - I just unplugged it and used my old trusty Whisper Air Pump, which is very quiet!
1,I recently took in a stray cat that refuses to use the litter box. This litter attractant didn't make a difference. He doesn't go anywhere in the house, he prefers to go outside and will meow at the door to be let out. He's been to the vet and has no issues that would provide a medical cause. I've tried several different litter box styles and litter brands to no avail. I also ordered the Precious Cat Touch of Outdoors Litter, which didn't work. I tried this in unison with the litter attractant with no luck.
1,Worked great. This is a replacement for a more expensive one I had that finally died. This works better!	Sadly, it went through batteries like crazy. My old collar cost a bit more but you  would replace the batteries every 6 months NOT every two weeks!	Now the scary part! The collar continually shocked my dog when the battery got low!!!! I found a burn mark on his neck.! I have a bark collar trained dog and he will not bark with this on. Contacted company...
1,I have a soon to be 2 year old Olde English bulldog and she hated this food refused to eat it. Thought it was worth a try but I won't purchase again.
1,I feed my dog Royal Canine brand which I typically have to mix with chicken stick or wet canned food for her to eat - I thought this stuff would be more flavorful and easy to serve.  Upon opening I could tell I made a mistake - smells like cardboard - my dog won't eat it no matter how I dress it up, much less could I get her to eat it plain.  Plus, it has none of the science behind it like higher end brands like Royal Canine - the Newman brand is spreading itself too thin here - they should stick with pasta sauce.
1,I'm not very pleased with this purchase. While this bed is soft and very comfortable, I haven't noticed it getting any warmer than when my cats lay on any old blanket. It crinkles like there's some sort of special material inside, but whatever that material is, it doesn't seem to be doing its job. I wouldn't care that much except for how much it cost. I paid $40 for a "self-warming" bed that isn't any better than any normal, $10 bed. But of course, because it's covered in cat hair, it's not like I can return it.
1,I had the highest hopes that his stuff would work to help my poor dog. Unfortunately it just made things much worse. After using it, a few hours later we noticed his face was swollen and his eyes bloodshot. He became very lethargic and would not eat. We ended up having to take him to the emergency vet after he started to vomit and they told us he had been poisoned by this stuff. We brought the bottle in and they told us this is what caused him to get so ill. Our poor dog almost died. In the beginning I was happy to be paying $20 for a solution to my dogs issue...it's really true you get what you pay for. Now I'm out $2,400 thanks to the trip to the emergency vet and our dog has even more issues than he started with before we used this crap. DO NOT PURCHASE AND USE ON YOUR PET.
1,Bought this mister in May and used it almost every day.  Yesterday after pumping it few times, when I pressed the spray button, the water started forcefully shooting out of the bottom of the bottle.  Evidently the pressure broke the seam open.  Due to the price of the item, I thought I was buying a quality product.  It is not worth the expense for less than 4 months usage.  I am now looking at competing brands for replacement.
1,didn't work and to hard to give as a liquid
1,Unfortunately my cats do not like this.  They prefer another High quality brand that I have used for years.  This seemed to upset their stomach.  I also heard someone say that Blue Buffalo used some type of prescription to protect cats that you would normally get at the Vets.  I don't know if htat is true but I just will not purchase again.
1,If I could give a ZERO, I would.  This is a piece of junk.  I would return it if I could but my son had to put dozen extra screws and wood supports to get in to hold together.  When he first started putting it together and putting the screws in it, the wood split.  The screw holes  the splinted out and bigger screws had to be used, the wood split in two places.  He tried to set it up as a ramp, but that didn't work at all, so he had set up the steps, which is hard for my dog's short legs.  She can clime the step but it is a struggle, so this was just another irritation.		UPDATE:  I have had this 4 months, I have put off this update by at least a month.  I had these steps for 11-12 weeks and it is falling apart!  Even with all of the screws that my son put in to keep it together the steps are collapsing as if some large heavy animal has walked up and down them.		My dogs weigh 10 lbs and less.  The top step has the step had split into two pieces and dropped at least 1 1/2 - 2 inches, my smallest dogs is afraid to step on that step because it moves when she does.		What an expensive disappointment this purchase has been.  As I said in my earlier review, I would have (should have) sent it back, but I gave it to my son and ask him to but it together.  He realized it was crap and that there was an issue; he put dozens of extra screws to help hold things together, if he had not done so my dogs could not have step on it all all in the beginning.		So with all this said, I as soon as I can find new steps, it must be replaced.  It was a total waste of money.  Please don't waste your money buying this.  Sorry but it is true.		I wasn't watching him put it together, so I didn't realize how much extra work, he was putting into it to get it to work. If I had realized the extra time and that the wood split when he put in the first screw; I would have stopped him and return it.  But he did what he did to help the smallest of my yorkies who cannot get on my couch, and he didn't want to disappoint me.		I would have had him build me some steps to begin with, but he works long hours and I was trying to save him the  extra work.  The picture and description took good so I spent the money.  But in the end, it actually took him more time to get this put together, so that it would hold up and be usable; than it would have to just build me steps from scratch.  He got it together and it is usable, but it is so cheaply constructed, that he said it may not hold up for long, even with the extra screws and wood supports. Things just kept splitting apart.  I looked OK when he was done but even so, the wood continued to split apart over the following weeks.		So please save your money and find something else, something of better quality. (Even if you have to pay more.) This is not worth the money, and it is just so poorly made and the materials are cheap.
1,To be fair these may work well for puppies but mine is 9 years old but newly living in an apartment.  She does not get the concept of peeing on the floor.  Pad or no.  To her that is a bad accident.  We had a fenced yard that was her personal pee pad so we're not having any success in using these.  I did notice that when I try to use one as a mop up of an accident they don't absorb very well but again that may be the difference with a little puppy puddle and a small adult bladder spill.  Not saying it's a bad product just doesn't work for my dog.
1,How truly sad I am after I heard the news ORGANIX is now under PURINA!!!!  No wonder I didn't see it in Whole Foods recently. So now I'm looking for a good dry dog food or recipe for one. Would NEVER trust any dog food, or food for that matter coming from Purina.
1,My prior review said I would order from this company again.  NOT SO - just opened box to give to the person I purchased this for and find the Feeder is MISSING THE TOP LID.	I carefully examined the shipping box and the mile-long length of scrunched up brown paper used as a cushioning agent - NO LID.	There is no way to protect the dry food contents from either the weather or animals trying to eat from the top instead of the bowl.  VERY CARELESS SHIPPER QUALITY CONTROL.	Amazon web site is not user friendly and there seems to be no way to file a complaint or request the missing piece other than a "return" or even to contact company once the order was shipped.  So $16.42 down the drain and no useable feeder.  BEWARE products from MMP LLC company.  I will try to buy from a different company or perhaps locally.
1,Lasted less than 5 minutes notes sadly even after I surgically removed the squeaker!  No such luck as Chew Guard for our 3 year old corgi, Harley! Good luck!
1,My two cats hates this brush.
1,My cat did not like it.  She preferred to bite the brush instead of using it.
1,Not saying they're a bad product, but my 10 wk old puppy basically smelled these and walked away- and she's a heavy chewer. Maybe she's just picky, but she didn't think much of these. I'll hold on to them and see if she seems interested in them a couple months down the road.
1,This puppy food gets reviews as one of the highest quality foods on the market.  The ingredients and breakdown make it seem like it is terrific, but the in the bowl test just doesn't cut it for our golden lab.  She is 5 months old and we tried both flavors of the Taste of the Wild dry puppy food.  And we tried them for weeks.  Both of them gave her terrible gas and she picked at them but clearly did not like them.  When she likes her food, she tends to be a voracious eater.  Not this stuff.  We had to supplement with other food because she simply would not eat enough of this food to be healthy.  We have since switched to Kirkland brand puppy food.  It's made at the same factory and costs less than 75 cents per pound.  She likes it much better.
1,doesn't work well
1,This used to be a high quality food, but the formula has been changed.  The old high quality proteins have been replaced with the low quality slaughterhouse chicken by-product meal and corn gluten. Lots of minimally nutritious ingredients and difficult to digest ingredients.		 After a little research  I learned the formula changed during the time frame when my 8 year old golden began having trouble digesting his food.  I am furious.  My dogs are family-- I would never have fed my sweet boy by-product, corn gluten, etc-- especially the chicken byproduct meal, which is basically random sludge from the slaughterhouse floor-- beaks, blood, etc rather than quality meat protein. The new formula was snuck in without an indication on the bag, despite the fact that such a dramatic change which would predictably cause digestive problems for many dogs.  Ethics seem to have gone out the window at this company in pursuit of greater profits?		Listings for other sized bags on Amazon still have an old ingredient list.  This new formula is the same quality as generic grocery store food-- or worse?  Switching to a food with quality ingredients and hoping my sweet golden hasn't been harmed by this crummy product.
1,My son and daughter in law has such a problem with their two cats chewing through everything.  The smell of these caused the security dogs to signal these packages, therefore they were opened before we got them.  The cats initially did not like them and then within 2 weeks, they chewed through these too!
1,Awful. Didn't work so my cats didn't for almost a week!
1,My betta fish are gonna swim right around this and kill each other. Because the side pieces are so tall, they get stuck of the lip of the aquarium and leave space between the divider and the wall. Here's a photo of me sticking my finger through the gap! That's plenty of space for a most fish to just slip through.		Claims to be adjustable - but only horizontally. Your tank will need to be exactly 18.5 inches tall. Any more or less and this is useless.
1,It's all about what my cat likes,and she did not like the chunks.	Fancy Feast has so many types, that finding the perfect one that suits your cat, is a 'grand slam home run'	Sophie likes the gravy and leaves the pieces in her bowl
1,These are too big and thin. Cats want to eat it but have trouble with it. Will not buy again.
1,This would be an amazing product if it worked consistently. My cat can walk in front of it, smell it and not set it off 90% of the time. When it works it scares him off of what I am trying to keep him from being on. Bummer it doesn't go off most of the time. The company who sells these gets 5 stars though. They are amazing. Their customer service is top notch. They sent me a couple of replacement tops trying to find one that worked. Each had the same issue. They also sent me a free bottle of air. I finally gave up. It's too bad this product has this issue. It's an awesome tool to use for cat owners.
1,I was really excited about using this product for my new puppy. I knew I would eventually need to cut his nails and thought that this would be the most delicate way to do it.		NO.		This was terrible! I did all the suggestions, show it to the dog, let him get used to the sound, etc. First off it took me forever to figure out how to get the attachment on...I felt pretty stupid that I had to go onto YouTube to watch someone do it. So fail on my part or the directions, I'm not sure.		So next came trying this on my dog. HE FREAKED OUT. So we tried restraining him, wrapping him in a blanket, all kinds of stuff. Treats and blanket worked alright. So, then we actually got to try it.		If this thing was working properly, how long is it supposed to take per nail? TEN MINUTES? Because this thing sanded down NOTHING. He has puppy nails, not beastly nails! We are sitting there trying to sand these things down and it is doing next to nothing.		I grabbed a pair of clippers and was done in literally a minute for all of his nails. The time wasted using the product is not worth it. Returned.
1,Product did not work. Also, I received a version that was different than what was advertised (and different from the box it came in), so I couldn't use the instructions to figure out how to use it! Was forced to return it.
1,Very disappointed with product. I used it to trim my yorkies paws the first day received, she was bleeding all over. I was not going to use this product on my precious yorkie again, as I took out clipper a 2nd time to pack and ship back to Amazon, poor little thing saw clipper and she was so afraid of it that she went into hiding.. I would not recommend this clipper.
1,After spending a hour trying to put this thing together, it was obvious that all of the holes did not line up.  There was no way to get the cams tight enough to lock into place like they are supposed to, and the thing was wobbly and not "squared" up.  Took it apart, and spent quite a bit of time trying to figure out how to get all of the pieces back in the box so I could return it.
1,Too small for guinea pig so gave to hamster
1,My 10 month old Olde English Bulldogg chewed the end off the second day he had it!!! NOT worth the money!!!
1,Dog won't eat
1,Did not like this stuff. My guineas soaked the stuff and it became like cement and hard to clean. Yuck
1,Says it's for trucks,etc, it's not. The tether that is supposed to go around headrest is definitely for a very small back seat not my 2012 Sierra pickup. I went ahead and kept it to use just the lead part attached to carseat loop but rest of product is absolutely worthless. Unless you have a very small truck, don't waste your money.
1,This product is a big big rip off. You can buy the whole thing for just a little bit more money all this is a slice of the esophagus. Don't buy!
1,The stand it self is ok, but the bowls, ring holders, and lock down method are cheap and flimsy.  You can only put half the water amount needed for a large dog in the bowl, other wise it is to heavy and spills onto the floor.  I raised the wire loops but I am afraid that the weld will not hold after a few months of use.  The clamp that is suppose to hold the two bowls is flimsy and where it screws  to the post it starts rusting as well as at the bottom of the post.  I would not of purchased this item had I seen and/or read the other review.	The service and prompted mailing was excellent!
1,Super cute but my puppy hates it! The behind leg part makes it extra harder for the puppy to walk.
1,Dusty/flaky I didn't like it for my cat or ferrets.  The clumping isn't effective if they pee in the same spot over and over again. The smell is a bit strong and the blend of smell from the poo somehow made the odor worse.  My fiance was lysol spraying the room constantly when I used this litter, so that wasn't a good sign.  After I switched to he stopped his obsessive lysol spraying.  Which relieved me as it isn't healthy for my ferrets.	However I do normally like Nature's Miracle, just not this specific litter unfortunately.
1,It was very difficult to mix as the powder just clumped up in the water. Then, once frozen, it was impossible to scoop. I left it out on the counter as instructed, and it was still very hard frozen. It did not smell very good at all, but Baxter seemed to enjoy the taste. We will stick to Frosty Paws or making our own. Its much easier that way.
1,I ordered a pack of 20. Six of them were white; all the others were black! No grey mice as pictured. My cats will have nothing to do with the black mice; perhaps it is an eyesight issue. Very disappointed. Feel like I did not receive what I ordered and therefore wasted money.		Update: I ordered a second package, thinking the first one was just a fluke with all the black mice. But I was wrong. I now have 28 black mice my current cats won't touch. (My previous beloved cats who have passed would not play with black mice either.) I asked to return the first package, which seller granted, but I would have had to pay return shipping. This would have cost almost as much as the product itself, so I elected to keep them. Maybe I can find a kitty who will accept the black ones.
1,I have two kitties who are not particularly picky but neither one would touch this. I thought I'd give it a day let them get good and hungry and try it again they would rather walk away with empty tummies than eat this for my cat's not a good deal
1,I have sworn by this product for a few years, but the one I recently orders basically works when it feels like it. A cat walks by and nothing. I immediately pick it up and it sprays. It's a simple device so I don't think it's me. Pretty disappointed overall.
1,We have been using this litter for years because of the low dust.  Our litter boxes are in the garage.  I recently went out to clean after a very long trip...we had a cat sitter...and there is litter dust all over everything out there.  We also use our insulated garage as my craft space and photo studio and it is just unbelievable to me how must dust, and not actual household dust, is on the top, the sides, in the cracks, on the walls.  Wearing a dust mask, which did not work, dusted and wiped down every little piece of craft supplies, equipment, photo backgrounds etc,... then I mopped the whole floor and of course it just left a white clay film even though I scrubbed it as hard as I could.  So I started cleaning the floor by hand which actually made a difference.  Well what do you know....a few days later.... the floor, counters etc,...covered in litter dust.  You would think that my three cats were having a 24 hour a day party throwing littler in the air like confetti.  I read where a man actually runs his litter through a shop vac outside to remove the dust.  I don't wanna.  I just want this litter to be what it advertises:  99.9% dust free.	So now I'm looking for a better no dust litter that does not trick us with false claims...and hopefully less costly.
1,I wish I did read the negative feedbacks before buying it, this a piece of junk!. the knobs to secure the 2 vertical bars are useless, you have to mess with the internal nut to get it tight to hold it from sliding down.	The included screws are too short and they don't hold much.	I measured the horizontal bars to calculate how many inches they go in.	My husband had to use electrical tape to secure the vertical bars
1,My dog will pee through 3-4 of them stacked on top of each other. No better than Amazon brand at 1/3 the cost or Costco even. I have an English Bulldog so maybe it will be fine for smaller dogs.
1,The whole point of this variety pack is variety, so I must downgrade my rating because the two bags I purchased were each about 75% some kind of chew that you could break and flake with your fingers. My dogs didn't like them and even if they had, they would have lasted a few seconds as they are so easily pulverized. Another ten percent content were tan colored chews that looked to have been "puffed" from rawhide (or extruded, or whatever the process is called). Again, not a fave of my dogs. More variety would have had me trying again, but since both bags contained almost exactly the same stuff that my dogs completely ignored on offering, I can't really recommend.
1,The treats are curved. Hard to fit in the treat toy.
1,Each time you use this, you must take it apart. It's pretty tricky and hurts your dog's neck when removing.
1,Was very flimsy material.  Alittle hard to put together.  Looks nice but not thw best quality.
1,NOT ONE OF MY FOUR DOGS EVEN LIKES THIS
1,Didn't prevent my cat from spraying, though it has a nice scent.
1,This did not work well for me. It was extremely weak and didn't do that great of a job sucking waste even when placed directly over it.
1,Made my German Shepherd throw up all.day.long and gave her diarrhea.  Just glad I gave it first on a day I was home instead of when she was crated while we were out. Not sure if I should even take the rest to the shelter.  :-(
1,Like the ledge but it would be better if it was magnetized like the feeding ledge is. This is glued permanently to the inside of the glass so you'd better be happy with where you decide to put it. Worst part is you have to take your animals out of the terrarium for 24 hours while the glue sets.(Chemicals?) I have not installed it yet because of that. I don't want to disrupt their habitat for 2 days, and we don't have a suitable replacement home for them to boot. Why not magnetize it Zoo Med???
1,Horrible product, terrible seller customer service.
1,Not one of my 15 cats would eat this. So if your cat is the least bit picky, look for something else. This looks like fillets smothered in Cheese Whiz. Mine hated it.
1,Our Coton De Tulear, 13 lbs.  began vomiting after we used Small Dog (4-10 lb) Advantix II.  He began vomiting and the area of we applied the drops eventually scabbed over.  We used it primarily because we were looking for protection against the Lake Tahoe mosquitos and of course Ticks.  Never again!
1,Both my precious cats - age 8 months - had no interest in this whatsoever.  It is well made and the magnetic is awesome.
1,I foster kittens for a shelter, so I am always looking for creative toys for them.  I bought this "value bundle" and discarded everything except the loop with the balls.  The catnip scratcher and the food dispenser thing were totally useless, messy and poorly designed.  Someone designed these and never tested them I guess.  The food tower would fall over and even my cat that loves catnip would not have anything to do with the catnip station. What a waste.
1,My pit went straight for the squeaker and somehow had pulled it out of the Tennis Ball in less than an hour.
1,My dog refused this.
1,Thin and very cheap made.
1,YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO OPEN THIS CONTAINER: i TRIED CROW BARS, DRILLS, HAMMERS, KNIFES AND STILL CAN NOT OPEN
1,Had to return it because it fit my dog funny and would rub in his pit areas.  He is a slim 50 lb dog.  The material was very thin and seemed like it would rip if going through thick brush.  The chest protector was just another layer of the thin material in a different color. To be fair I never used it, so I don't know if it was more durable than it looks/feels.
1,For traditional litter it's okay. But I tried it with my Breeze litter box as many reviewers recommended and it was super messy. The pellets disenegrate to sawdust within a day or two and my cats track it all over the house.
1,my dog loved it, to death. I gave it to my Lab-mix and she had it split in half and the beak removed within 5 minutes.	She absolutely loved it but it did not last.
1,Item is very fatty and smells awful. I refrigerated the cans and scooped the fat off. Had an Aussie that ended up with a case of pancreatitis which required a trip to the vet, which she suspected came from this product. The dog is now on a prescription low fat intestinal food. The label does say that it should not be fe every day.  Not the sellers fault but product is not something I would ever purchase again- I purchased 2 cases, all which I am now feeding to barn cats just to get rid of it.
1,This is not as effective as I thought. Or maybe I just don't have the kind of lint or pet hair to be removed for it to "wow" me.
1,not a fan... the fell off the holder very easy and every time i use it there is some waste that gets stuck to it. Good quality but poor functionality, would not recommend or buy again.
1,My dog just doesn't get that hungrey I guess
1,This was not made for large dogs.  I have two 70lb dogs and the hammock ripped as soon as they jumped in.  I was disappointed in how cheaply it was made.  This is not a well made product.
1,Didn't fit my standard oblong toilet bowl.
1,My yellow lab/greyhound mix is not tough on toys.  She had a squirrel made by another company for more than 6 months before it started to shred.  This one took 2 hours.  I won't buy this brand again, they just aren't too tough.
1,Though cat would have fun with them and he did but he quickly chewed on and broke them into small pieces which is dangerous. Threw them all out for his safety.
1,Love the aquarium and looks beautiful until LED lights started going out.  No bulbs available from store where purchased or online stores.  Read somewhere that manufacturer can sell you one if you call but experiences were unfavorable in actually receiving it.  As many of these aquariums as Amazon has listed you would think they would carry them.
1,Tore super easily, had to throw away. Also not easy to clean at all!
1,Lasted less than 30 seconds before my dog had the plastic parts pulled out of the toy and the feet pulled off.
1,I have four cats; one of them is CONSTANTLY rubbing his cheeks against EVERYTHING - so I mainly purchased this item for him.  I placed the Korner Komber in an area the cats frequently walk through, at a height that would be the most comfortable for them - they NEVER, ever use it!  I even put some catnip in it - still nothing - even though they love catnip.  I'm so surprised they don't like this.  I should have returned it, but I was hoping they would eventually come around to using it.  Well, I've had it for almost 2 1/2 years now and it still gets no use.  I'm glad other people's cats like it.
1,I have tried Kongs of every shape and size, with every kind of goop on them.  My standard poodles just don't like rubber to chew.  Maybe not the fault of the toy, but Kongs get so much hype it kind of bugs me.  They are NOT the "go to" toy that all dogs love.  They are rubber.  This chew stick is messy, so you will want to try it out on a washable surface.		My dogs prefer antlers and bully sticks.  The real thing.  They could care less about rubber toys (unless the toy has a squeak they can kill.)
1,My year old lab had this chewed to bits within a day.
1,they are ok. The carbon ends up clogging the filter too fast though.
1,The quality of the plastic, and the design of this product is superb - however... my cat could care less about it. She would just look at it, and knock the entire thing over to get her food - or she would not bother with it at all. I ended up putting it back in the box and donating it to an animal shelter in hopes that some other cat might actually use it. But honestly, I felt that it's design wasn't interactive enough to lure my cat in to play with it.
1,Would never buy these again. Unfortunately, they disintegrate in the aquarium. I pulled them out and had sticky stuff on my hands. Had to use goo be gone to get it off me. I hope this doesn't end up killing my fish :(
1,This was tiny.  Much too small for a dog unless it is a toy puppy or mouse.
1,I ordered thes for a small dog, after measuring him appropriately. They run small. I ordered size small, which should have given sufficient wiggle room. Instead, they are too small to close the velcro!	On the positive side, these are well made.
1,I really try to find the good in an item, but this item sucks. Do not waste your money!  I am unhappy with it. First the material is the thinnest, weakest material that I have ever felt. I'm pretty sure you can get better material at the dollar store; It wouldn't stay together as I was trying to assemble it. then, after I got it together, I had to have my daughter help me carry it to the window because it's just that good (sarcasm). Anyway, we both washed and dried the window and the suction cups before hand. It still won't stay up. No need to test the strength as it keeps sliding down the window and falling apart. the suction cups fall off and then it the pvc pipe slides apart, therefor, I have to take off the material to slide parts back together. I'm telling you my toddler could build a better product with his Lincoln logs or knex. Btw..I thought the material would be like the reusable grocery bags you can get, but it's not that good of quality. Also the green that you see on the very thin wire is straws that we placed onto it because I was worried that the cats could possibly hang themselves. Wow! What a piece of _ _ _ _!!!!
1,I bought this because I thought that my little ones would be scared but it doesn't works. Do not buy it.
1,Lasted my 3 month old sheltie exactly 2 days. The bottom tore open easily and he isn't really a destructive dog, he hasn't opened a single stuffed toy. Got a different bed with another brand and he is almost 6 now and no holes.
1,FALSE ADVERTISING!!  First off, this is advertised as a Walk 'n Train Head Halter. NOT a Halti. I have 3 Walk 'n Trian head gear a 1 Halti. So I am fully aware of the two brands. Both are a specific brand and are NOT the same or from the same company. I purchased a Walk 'n Train because of poor product experience with the Halti. This is NOT what I received. I received a Halti. Secondly: the Halti is broken upon delivery and unboxing. The black clip for the nose to adjust the tightness around the muzzle is totally missing! I see that this company has good review, but honestly people, buy from Amazon instead of a third party. Very dissapointed. Furthermore, look at the plastic Halti logo in the last picture. It's all dirty and scuffed like it was used and returned by someone else. Disgusted!
1,Came broken and replacement broken also.
1,There was more air in our can then actual treat. Not for large dogs. stuffed a large kong twice and this was empty.
1,Fell apart quickly
1,I thought this costume was really cute in the picture.  I have an 11 month old female golden retriever, not yet fully grown, so to be sure it would fit I ordered the XL.  It absolutely did NOT fit.  It was way too short, so the tail of the skunk was laying on the middle of her back.  The front fit alright around her head but because the costume was too short overall, it kept pulling back thus the skunk ears were on my dog's neck.  There also isn't enough velcro to secure the costume onto the dog and the one velcro strap that goes under the belly was too big.  I could not keep the costume on my dog at all while she was walking around.		This costume is more for a large breed but with a short torso and big waist.
1,I'm 4 days past the return window, and I just used this for the second time. The zipper broke off.  Crappy product, don't waste your money.  My dog is a small 30 pounder, and had nothing to do with it breaking, it's just a cheaply made zipper.
1,My dog ate it.
1,Been using it for a month.  Dog likes the flavor, but she still has tear stain!  One star for flavor, but at this price, my dog would have preferred a steak.  The steak or Angel Eyes would have the same effect on her tear stain.
1,I have four dogs, none of which will drink the water with this in it. Followed directions to the tee!
1,I have an English Mastiff (weighs about 155 lbs.) and this table is way too small for her. When she eats or drinks out of it, her head was touching the sides and she seemed uncomfortable. This table does not work for large dogs. It's way too small so I returned it. It's a good concept but only seems to work for small to medium sized dogs.
1,I ordered this to be used for my 5 month old Cavanese after he was fixed.  It was great.  It has 2 zippered doors, a removable velco floor mat and a zipper mesh roof.  I had to keep him quiet for 10 days and for this energetic puppy, I knew that I would need something.  This worked great.  He could easily see me and my other puppy so he wasn't lonely, just couldn't run around. I put a dog bed, chew toys, food, and water bowl inside.  There is plenty of room in it for him to still move around.	I also will be using this in hotels when my puppies and I travel.  It folders up and fits nicely in the carry bag that it comes with.		Additional comments.  I have left it opened so that the dogs are used to it.  Unfortunately the zipper on the doors are plastic. My puppies decided to chew both zippers (the teeth, not the pull). The doors will not zipper close now. Since I need this for an upcoming trip, I will either have to replace the zippers, duct tape the doors (they chew duct tape too) or order another playpen.		UPDATE		I DO NOT still love this playpen, and wish the zippers would withstand more abuse.		I have tried to use this for an across country trip.  Staying at a new hotel every night.  This was the 3rd night  It is not lasting very well. today as I tried to fold it up one of the wires on the walls popped through the fabric,  the seam gave away. I will try more duct tape.
1,It's big and I like the design but the cats are not overly impressed with it.  I've seen them use it once or twice but they have other beds they prefer over this one.  I bought the brown/beige color and I like the combination.
1,My dog showed no interest in this bone. We have tried throwing this, playing with it, and showed no intrest
1,This product was warped when I received it so it did not lie flat on the ground. This made the water and food bowls spin everywhere and my dog immediately started to play with it instead. I would suggest a silicon floor mat instead.
1,I would say this item is worth $10-$20; not the $50 it is being sold for.		My dog shattered one of the pieces on her first play through it. It split clean right in half and left a couple shards I had to quickly confiscate.		It challenged her to get out all the treats (I just used pieces of dog food), but it certainly wasn't worth the $50 I spent.		Maybe if it were much more durable.
1,Small was way too small; medium was way too big and slipped off right away even though we cinched it up and also tried a sock underneath.  Very disappointed as we had high hopes this would help us keep her from licking/chewing her paws raw.  Level set: our dog is a 48# shepherd mix with paw sizes right on the border of the small and medium size.  I suppose if one's dog happens to have paws near the upper end of a size, these might work, and would be convenient.  At a minimum, they should offer more sizes, perhaps as many as 10, and I wish the material were more flexible.
1,I tried this product at the positive reviews. I didn't think my dog would react to it but she did. A four year old Beagle took for about four days with food and plenty of water but had the worst possible gas she has ever had. It smells bad. maybe a bad batch but still stinks. I stopped using and the gas went away. Sorry!
1,Probably my fault but I thought these measurements would be perfect for my pug mix breed (about 25 lbs) but when it arrived it looked like it would fit a mastiff!
1,I broke it while trying to put it together.
1,My dog is medium size... and this just doesn't do much for her... it's well made though!
1,Undestructible
1,Orderd 3 and got 2 with 1 empty display card.
1,These clippers are very disappointing. The description says large, as does the package. the picture seems to show a sturdy tool with grips...wow! here is what you get. tiny, and I mean tiny little clippers. I have very small hands and these are even too small for me to grip with any purpose. I have to hold them in my fingers. This makes them hard to use accurately.  They are also flimsy.	I assumed, wrongly, that because the price was relatively high for this kind of clipper, and picture looked good, that it was a heavy duty pair of nippers....I was wrong. Could have done better at walmart.
1,I do not understand why anyone would purchase ANY pet products made in China!!! Because they are CHEAP!  Would YOU eat food made in China? All Smokehouse products were recalled in 2007, 'PetSmart has pulled various Smokehouse Brand dog treats off of their shelves. There have been reports of pets becoming ill after eating the treats, and as a precaution, PetSmart has removed the products.' Better research your pets food before you feed them if you want them to be around for awhile. Better to pay a little more than feeding your pet God only know what!
1,Some cats squat when they pee, some stand - and that is the problem.  The edging of the Breeze is too low and a standing cat pees straight over the edge.		Back to the old fashioned litter box with a cover.		Total waste of good money.
1,Okay, yes. It does what it is supposed to do. Mine tilts fine without spilling litter, the latches work fine, and the used litter ends up in the bin. What I don't like is when I change litter.		When it comes to daily emptying of the litter, it does save me time and energy, but adds extra work when I want to clean the entire litter box. I like to clean them out about once every two weeks (after adding extra litter throughout the two week time period and daily emptying of waste). But the box is a mess to clean. I've had it about two months and I'd say it takes about 10 times longer to clean this box to change litter than it does my box with the liner.		Sure, it saves time on a daily basis. But, after having this box, I'd rather the extra half a minute to clean my box with a liner on a daily basis than the 20 to 30 minutes it takes to clean this box when I clean out the litter.
1,I used to use Tidy Cat jugs all the time. The green cap or the orange cap (one was small spaces, the other I forget). You'd never know there was a litter box right in the room with you and never had to dump the litter out and start over. Now, after a month this 'new improved' product smells strongly of ammonia even when clean. After scooping so much ammonia scented dust flies in the air I need to open the windows and evacuate. Not sure why they changed something good.
1,If you love your furry friend, please do not buy this product. It contains Meat by-Products which may contain pentobarbital, a lethal drug used to euthanize animals. Propylene Glycol, Garlic Powder, and Onion Extract are all toxic to dogs. Caramel Color, Red 40, and BHA are linked to tumors and cancer.
1,I was hoping to replace the little ring that comes with dog tags because those little ring are so flimsy and deteriorate quickly.  The circumference of these rings are too large so the tag doesn't fit.  What a shame.  These are good quality rings.  I would recommend the quality if you are buying for a different purpose.
1,My dog is not a heavy chewer, he just likes to squeak the toy. However, this toy came apart extremely quickly. It just fell apart at the seams. I ended up just cutting the rope arms out and keeping those. Although the knot on the rope slips off occaionally. Overall, poor quality toy, but it was cute.
1,Didn't work for my cats...I am not sure why but they pee on it.
1,Bought the extra small for a 6 week old min pin that was 4 lbs.  Didn't fit over her head.
1,One of my cats chewed this in have in a couple hours. Not durable at all if your cat is an aggressive player while under the influence of catnip..
1,My 12-pound MinPin ate the top part off of a small Kong. Swallowed it whole from the looks of it... And all within 10 minutes. Not too thrilled right now since I did not think she would be able to chew this up so quickly. :( Also worried about her considering the amount she ingested at once.
1,I have not had a chance to use this product yet since mine arrived very damaged. I ordered the Purina Fortiflora Feline Nutritional Supplement Box for my finicky cat and was looking forward to trying it out. However, when the package arrived, I was dismayed to find that the shipper had sent the flimsy box in a bubble envelope instead of an actual box, and had not wrapped it well. The packets had all opened/exploded and therefore none of them are usable. What a waste!	In future I will purchase from a different vendor, one who takes better care when shipping.	Will update my review when/if I actually get a chance to try the product.
1,I really wanted to like this bag--Used it approximately 4 times--rarely carried dog in it--just put her in it once the train arrived and took her out after getting off train.  After 4th use the bottom completely ripped--just like another reviewer said. Other things I did not like-	wheels never worked properly	I had to drop my dog in it--she wasn't happy walking into a bag--like walking into a tunnel. My old bag she hopped in and out of from the top with no problem.	The size of the bag was nice for my 15lb javanese
1,easy broken
1,I always get the No Melt Suet Orange Delight.  What I ordered showed in the picture to be that.  Not what I received!!!!  It is a different color and different texture, very messy to handle.  Says this cannot be returned, so I am stuck with it.  Just hope the birds like it.  I will not order from this party again.  I also see from other people this happened to them, wish I would of seen that before ordering.
1,Not that they're expensive, but just rinsing them a couple times causes them to untangle and become useless.
1,Super thin fabric.  May be okay on a dog who cannot get up and use the potty the normal way. Not meant for active dogs.
1,No reaction at all from the dogs. I spent an hour playing with it, adjusting it, etc. but nothing. It sounds like a normal broken sports whistle, not a "silent dog whistle".
1,I am a huge fan of Weruva and my cat loved the chicken varieties until she developed an allergy to it, but this one was a disappointment.  I expected it to have mostly white tuna and tilapia, but it isn't.  I was surprised when I opened it this morning for Emma's breakfast to find dark tuna with some chunks of the white fish. Mostly dark and stiff, which means there must be an awful lot of potato starch, which also doesn't sit well with me.  Anyway, she did however love it so I'm tossed if I'll get it again.  I may leave the tuna out all together in her rotation and move on to something else.  With these negatives plus the fact that it contains menidione sodium bisulfate it falls to the lower end of my wish list for her.
1,It took me two hours to put together, I am alone. When I wanted to put it on the door, it was way too long, even with the spring. It fell over, and the bottom two pieces, made from pressed pulp broke. Now it is too short, and it can only hang, which makes it wobble. I is very heavy and it puts stress on the door and the door attachment.	I found it frustrating work, and in the end, the result is less than desirable.	I don't want to send it back, because after messing with it for too long, I don't feel like taking the lot apart, repackaging it and asking for a refund.
1,I loved these at first. But I couldn't understand why my tank always apparently had "high" ammonia levels. I purchased these out of convenience because I got sick of using the actual kits.  After about 2 weeks of testing my ammonia and using ammonia lock, replacing a ton of water and cycling my tank over and over again because I couldn't figure out why my ammonia was so high, I thought maybe it was the strips. I pulled out my old tester and sure enough, everything in my tank was fine. I was so mad. I guess you can't cut corners with testing your water and keeping your tank happy and healthy.
1,I ordered this toy for my dog because it has no stuffing and a durability rating of 10. My dog was squeaking the toy and the orange fabric simply ripped from that chewing-type motion, under my supervision. This is NOT TOUGH. I have gotten numerous tuffy toys, which are now gone, but this toy is very disappointing because it is supposed to be the toughest and there is no stuffing to pull out. The seams began to fray from my dog playing with the squeakers and I fear he will completely tear the squeakers out if I let him have it again. In under 5 minutes my dog had a dime-sized hole in this toy's fabric- they are not using tough enough fabric to coat the toy. Do not consider this toy if your dog is around 100lb or more- the seams are not sewn tough enough and the material does not hold up to large teeth. Do not let your dog play with this alone!
1,I have two dogs, one a 50 lb. lab mix, the other a 35 lb. shepherd mix.  Both of whom pull; the shepherd mix pulls terribly.  At first the collars worked great.  I put it on, instantly no pulling.  However, after a couple minutes the dogs would begin clawing at their faces, causing one to bleed within seconds in desperation to try to get it off.  The lab mix would do ok, occasionally clawing but not hurting himself.  If the collar would stay put exactly where it is supposed to be, it may be better.  However, the collar will slide down the neck even at the recommended tightness.  The buckle/tightening portion of the collar is not so good and after a minute or so of walking will begin to loosen, thus causing the repositioning of the collar and making it harmful to the dog.  If making it tighter, the collar will press in on the bottoms of the eyes of the dog, causing obvious discomfort.  Be prepared to return the item if you get it.
1,It's a cute bed. Not very comfy if you have hardwood floors. I don't recommend for puppies who are mouthing. The bottom lining is very thin so once Baxter made a hole in it, there was no turning back. The foam cushion is now in cushion heaven.	**UPDATE** Added pic for cuteness. He's still sleeping in his cushionless bed.
1,I've had several of K&H heated pads, over the past 15 years, and some of them just run a little to warm. I know you can buy a thermostat for the larger beds, but the lower wattage on the smaller pads shouldn't need one. I've converted over to the Lectro-soft heated pads since they don't have an overheating problem (though many of the hard plastic ones have been fine, just a few have been too warm).
1,I ordered this and it arrived Christmas Eve. Guess I didn't read the fine print because I received a lady bug and not a frog. How silly of me to assume that the "Marshall Pull-N-Go Ferret Toy, Frog Style" was a frog. Likely won't be ordering from them again.
1,Not GPS enabled. You can't go to the website and view a map showing you where your tag/dog is. GPS means Global Positioning System and its function is to provides geolocation and time information to a GPS receiver anywhere on or near the Earth.
1,Never used it, threw it away because the item I bought to use it on was a piece of junk.
1,I bought this item less than a year ago and it snapped.  My dog got out and ran away!!!  Luckily I was able to catch my dog, but what a piece of junk if it cant last even a year.  Ridiculous!!!
1,My dog had the toy five minutes before the stuffing came out. What a waste.
1,Liked it at first till I washed it with like colors in cold water as directed.  It completely faded to a light cotton candy pink with very little indication of the camouflage pattern.  It also bled so the whites, that I washed with it, turned a light pink tinge.
1,I needed this kennel since I moved where there is no back fence. I do like that the kennel is light enough to move and easy to install. The top and bottom of the chain links are twisted instead of welded.  What I wasn't expecting is that my little 14 lb fox terrier would be capable of getting a couple of the twisted links apart at the bottom and escape.  It was bye bye little dog for hours. The kennel sits now  unusable until I either purchase heavier gauge chain link or possibly put a wood boarder around the outside perimeter.
1,I ORDERED THIS THINKING THE MONEY WAS GOING FOR AN ANIMAL RESCUE SITE.  TURNS OUT IT WASN'T, SO I RETURNED IT.  I DON'T HAVE A CAT
1,Looks very nice but cheap quality. The top tower was not sturdy at all and eventually broke off.
1,Didn't work for my pup
1,This leash is poorly made and not worth the time.  I have had it six months.  From day one, it would fail to reliably retract after pressing down and releasing the spring loaded larger control button.  This presented a safety issue, causing slack in the line when I wanted it to be tight.  The lock button sometimes jams.  It also developed a nick in the leash itself which very quickly unraveled.  The leash is thin and cheap, at least compared to the competition.  This is a knockoff of a very well made retractable leash by flexi that is made in Germany.  Those are phenomenal, I have one that is over 10 years old and works better than this one. Spend the extra two dollars and get something that will last.
1,The tool was kind of a pain to use and didn't actually break mats very well; it just ended up pulling on my cat's fur, instead of cutting through the mat.
1,Not for a small puppy; please look at picture. Fit for a bulldog puppy
1,Way too small for adult woman's size-8 shoe foot.
1,Immediate review upon receipt: probably my stupidity for not closely reading all the specs, but I assumed cat grass seeds, dirt, and a growing container would be included. Nope. You get the grey mat, and the one piece green-and-white planter. It's large, too, much larger than the cat grass containers sold at big box stores. Kind of stupid to call the refill a refill since it was never filled in the first place.		I will review again once I have all the necessary pieces, and the cats have had some time with it - I bought the whole Catit setup as a distraction ploy for when I bring home a kitten; thus it won't be setup for review until May.
1,My cats eat it but only because they are starving. They are used to Purina One, different flavors of Friskees and other brands from the grocery store. They were all strays - living on the street eating anything and remember their staving days ..and now years later even though pampered....none are picky eaters. But, they don't like this cat food.		My guess is this cat food is the equivalent to "healthy organic" people food which may be good for you but does not taste good.		Unfortunately, I purchased two big bags of two different flavors of this brand. I forced the cats to eat more than 1/2 of the first huge bag and couldn't take their "staving" eyes any more and caved. Back to Purina One.		As for the remaining large bag of cat food and the 1/2 bag full of cat food, there is an opossum that hangs around - coming out at night - to steal any cat food left in the bowl I leave outside for my cats (the cats have cat door to come inside to eat also). Oposums and racoons eat anything but they won't eat this cat food. I left a huge bowl outside and they tipped it over and scattered the cat food all over my back deck...but they didn't eat hardly any of it. I swept it into the grass. I tried again last night....and there were 3 racoons out there scattering around the cat food..they ate a bit of it but left the majority of it all over my deck again. What an expensive lesson for me..because the bag is going into the compost pile now.
1,I only had this a month on my female GSD and it tore. I like the idea of this harness but it's just not durable enough.
1,This hutch is listed as being large enough for two rabbits, but quite frankly it's not even big enough for one.  Pay attention to the dimensions. I'm going to have to rig some sort of extra run for our two bunnies because this feels and looks like bunny prison. The attic space is basically useless. There is no way you'd be able to store any hay or even a full bag of pellets as the door is so small and the roof panels don't hinge.		Also, like so many other rabbit hutches, it's made of a low grade, splintery pine. I doubt ths is going to last very long, but instructions do say to seal it yearly. On the positive side, it went together fairly easily in a few hours, and just by myself so it doesn't take two people and it is really cute. Looks very nice in the yard. I wish there was a high quality rabbit hutch out there for a reasonable price.		Update: I've downgraded my rating from two to one star.  I hate to add this to my review, but we lost a rabbit lat night to a wild animal, possibly a raccoon.  The raccoon ripped the door right off the hinges, and it was absolutely no problem for it. This house is not at all secure and the wood is so flimsy and shoddy it is no big deal for an animal to get in.  Also, while our one remaining rabbit was going up the ramp, it ripped off and broke.  It is attached with small screws and like the rest of the wood is flimsy and splintery.  It literally split the wood off the screw, and is now totally broken less than 48 hours after I received the hutch.  I'm probably going to have to buy a new ramp or build something, which is exactly what I did not want to do.  Also, I clearly can't let the remaining rabbit sleep in this thing at night and now I'm faced with bringing her back inside and using this as a daytime only hutch.		I'm thoroughly disgusted and wish I could get my money back.
1,too small weak product
1,dont waste your money its junk hardly any fill, pad insert is flat. i ordered 3 and they came all in a plastic package all bunched together very disappointed i wouldnt have paid so much. they looked like they were bought from a dollar store never again will i buy a pet bed from china
1,tIt's a bowl for a small dog but the nubs are spaced for a big dog, so it doesn't slow them down at all.. She is an 10 pound Chiusky.
1,Older adults or those with even mild arthritis may have a difficult time using these cat nail trimmers due to how tight the scissors are wedged together; it takes some strength to open up the clippers.  Does not ease up after multiple uses. Would not recommend to anyone except the young and strong.
1,This did not hold up well. My cat is a partial indoor-outdoor cat, and he managed to scratch the heck out of it within two weeks. The buckle did not hold well, and required frequent readjustment.
1,I was initially pleased with the product as it worked as described.  Within a couple of months of very light use (I have two dogs who only need a "reminder" once in a while), the buttons cracked open on the transmitter.  This essentially bars its use in a wet environment.  Not good.  My other beef is that it is truly a pain to change batteries.  I've had other more expensive and rechargeable trainers in the past, and they were tougher and easier to use.  Lesson in this: you get what you pay for.  I should know better.
1,too stretchy, the cats kept getting their claws stuck in it.
1,I bought several of these to feed my pond fish while on vacations, but they won't touch it!  It doesn't even slow release.  It has been in the pond for over a week and hasn't changed from its SPAM-like appearance all this time.  First I left it in the aluminum can, and it floats upside down.  It ended up in the skimmer.  After a few days, I wedged it between some rocks, as my fish like to feed on rocks, but they wouldn't touch it, even though I sprinkled their favorite fish food granules on it.  Then I tried gouging the surface to release a bit of food, and after a few more days, I took it out of the can.  It is still there, untouched.  I will have to retrieve it.  Extremely disappointed.  I contacted the seller but they want a restocking fee, and it is not worth it to return the remaining blocks.  I think my fish will do fine just eating algae off the rocks.
1,lIKE EVERYONE ELSE IT LASTED LESS THAN 30 DAYS -BURNED OUT - DID NOT BOTHER GOING BACK TO GET REFUND OR REPLACEMENT - WONT EVER BUY THERE PODUCT AGAIN- ONLY A LOSS TO THEM
1,I wanted to try this bowl for my 5 teen kitties that like to dump their water over all the time. However, this bowl did not work in this situation. I think they thought it was some kind of new toy.  I will have to keep searching. Thanks anyway.
1,At best this facsimile of an air horn is a weak peep.  If you want a sound that will truly startle your dog into changing his behavior, this is definitely not the tool to do so.  I will be looking into a more powerful, yet not deafening version of an air horm.  You get what you pay for.
1,This bowl did not even have a grounded plug on the cord - just a basic 2-prong.  Thin, cheap plastic.  I returned it.
1,Dog ripped it open and pulled out the stuffing immediately
1,Kittens love it but it not very sturdy
1,It was an old calendar and the quality was	Extremely poor. It is unusable.
1,Did not last! broke after a couple uses
1,I returned it because the fabric seemed like it was going to attract fur and with my fur factory dogs I need something that will repel fur.
1,I always order this food for my rabbits from the same seller on Amazon. However the last 2 bags of pellets have had MANY MANY whole peanuts so I had to filter them out. I realize that Kaytee uses the same factory as other companies but having this excessive amount of peanuts in multiple bags of food I am going to look for a higher quality food. My rabbits love these pellets too!
1,Ordered this for my mastiff mix 100lb puppy, this is NOT a heavy chain at all.  He's 9 months old and it barely fits him.
1,Box looks like it was a return. It's all taped up & the more the vapor lights get bumped around makes it less effective & shortens the life of the bulb. im a little disappointed.
1,My cat loves this toys, we played all the time but the mice breaks off I have bought four, unfortunately for me I the mice cannot be reattached because the wand itself is broken I'm stuck three mice and no usable wand I can't get him to play with any other toy consistently. I'm going to find another company that makes the product that have better quality.
1,My puppy destroyed it, a mini doxie and ate some of the plastic.
1,sizing chart sucks go one size larger  now to small for dog and amazon will not let you return  I would suggest different brand very cheaply made
1,It broke a few days after I put it in the cage. I was able to fix it, but it is not as sturdy as it should be.
1,I will not buy this again dogs don't like flovared water .yes I would like a refund on this Premium Pet Water Additve for dog and cats thanks
1,My dog had this ripped apart in 15 minutes. Not for heavy chew dogs
1,Returned because they smelled awful. I have ordered this before and never had an issue, but it must have been a bad batch.
1,Arrived broken.
1,Very small and not durable
1,It had such a poor fit on my 1 year old pup that she was able to pull it off from herself. Then all it took to destroy it was a little bit of time. The straps are thin and easily chewed. I went to an auction site and got her two harnesses that fit great and can't be pulled off or destroyed by chewing. I sent this harness back and Amazon says they refunded my money but they didn't. There is no record on my credit card statement about the refund. I am a loyal customer of Amazon and prime member so this is really disappointing. Just look at the position of the straps and how easy it would be for a dog to chew through the strap. There is no fabric near the neck.
1,I love the Repashy line, but my leopard gecko will not eat insects dusted with this product. My leo doesn't seem to be "picky" like many others, but he still refuses this product. He will even eat the Grub Pie, which some leos won't touch. This product has a very strong banana scent to it. I am not sure why Repashy would scent it with banana (ingredients list "natural fruit flavor"), and stick a photo of an insectivore on the front.
1,I have 4 cats and not one of them will use this litter.  I have put it into 3 different types/shapes of litter boxes that they normally use (mixed with their normal litter) but, they sniff the litter and leave - maybe put one paw inside before moving on to a litter box which does not contain any of this litter.		Pros:	Not clay-based	Not made in China		Cons:	Cats refuse to use	Very dusty	Smells weird		Neutral depending upon opinion:	Pellet-shaped	Need litter scoop appropriate for pellet litter		I can not attest to its clumping strength or odor control due to the fact that it remains unused for 5 days.  I thought maybe the cats would acclimate to the scent and overlook the texture difference (this is large pellets vs the sandy texture they are accustomed to using).
1,It's worked for me, BUT, I could only use the vibration mode. There was no change in the intensity of the shock mode, so it was useless in that aspect. It times out so in the dark you don't know if it's on or off. I used it a lot because the vibration is my preferred mode, and works well for me, but  it wasn't convenient at all. Really it was a pain.
1,Size 0 is huge for my pup. Followed sizing online and it's still too big. I wanted to return it but the company has a close return window and I missed it. Looks like I'll be selling it on amazon soon for a loss.
1,Did not like to hard to put on and did not stay on either sent back
1,This 'shirt' did not fit our normally proportioned Miniature Poodle, even in the large size.  It is poorly designed, and it's rather useless, as it barely covers any of the dog's back.
1,Poor quality.  Fell apart before she could even wear it.
1,I hate this thing. If I could give it a negative I would. The concept is ridiculous and inane. But my wife loves it. She pushes the dog around like nobodies business. Stores stuff underneath and folds almost flat. Oh, and it keeps the dog contained and away from other peoples rude mutts.
1,Worked well for my dogs for 1 month.  The second month's application had little or no effect on my scratching doggies...  I'm going to try Bravecta now...
1,furious, molded food!  Had to throw the majority away. So disgusted
1,Cheap and flimsy.  I returned it
1,Didn't not get in mail tried cranberry juice in water worked for my dog
1,This tank and filter are worthless!  I am so disappointed and upset I almost threw the whole thing out the window.  No Simple directions for putting the filter together.  The was a box with a cord that I don't even need!  The lights don't work and they don't show you where or how to install batteries.  Am I happy with this tank?  Hell NO!!!I have never been so disappointed with an item I have gotten from Amazon, but this fish tank  is a nice garbage collector.	I took it all to PetSmart today and the girl figured it out and showed me what to do.  I am still disappointed as the ad on Amazon said 7 lights and this one only has 3!	The plug I thought I did not need is what works the lights.  too bad they don't show or tell you that!  I attempted to contact Koller Craft 4 time today to no avail.
1,When we first used them, we noticed the plastic was not rigid like our other cat food can lids.  After putting in the dishwasher (top shelf) they became even more flimsy and difficult to put on.
1,I saw this exact formula in the Vitamin Shoppe for $26.  I came home that night, and wanted to see the price on here.  $20 cheaper!  I bought 2 of them, because I was getting a steal.  Well, 2 bottles will do us no good, because my Dog won't even finish one of these bottles.  She just flat out refuses to take these.  I've tried everything.  I've even tried rooting her on, because she tends to get really excited, and just wolf down anything I give her.  Not these.  Out of the 90 tabs, I have managed to get her to eat about 6 of them in a 3 week span.  Complete bust.		I don't doubt for a second that they would be a great formula if she would eat them.  They smell really weird, so I can see why she's turned off.  And she's NOT a picky eater either! There's no treat she ever says no to!
1,Comes off TOO easily. The cat takes it off to play with it when she gets bored with her toys.		This cat collar seemed like a good idea. If the cat gets stuck on something, it won't keep them trapped. Unfortunately, it comes off WAY too easy. No matter how much I tighten it so she can't get her mouth around it, my cat manages to grab a hold of it and rip it off any time she feels like playing with it. She doesn't mind it. She doesn't take it off because she hates it. She simply gets bored with her toys and has found a new form of entertainment. So basically, as "my cat got lost" protection, it is absolutely worthless. = (
1,I've used Advantage for years but I've bought this on Amazon a couple of times now and it doesn't work at all! Bought locally and have had no problems.
1,I purchased this for my 30lb boxer puppy for after her spay.  She left the hospital in the cone they gave her and she seemed to be fine with it.  When I put this "comfy cone" on her she didn't like it at all.  It's very stiff and doesn't form a nice cone shape around her head.  It's also heavier than the regular cone from the vet so I think that's another reason she found it strange.  Overall I'd say it feels a little bulky.  I ended up not using it and letting her use the cone from the vet hospital.  I wouldn't spend the money again.
1,very cheap plastic. easy to break.
1,The catnip looks green, leafy and well-packed into bag. It's organic and comes from West Paw, a super company with well-designed eco-conscious products from Montana.	Lots of catnip. Organic! Good leaf size. Good price for amount. Psych!!!	But...kitty won't even sniff it!	Santa came early. Kitty opened two West Paw toys and this catnip. I expected ecstasy for both of us...meh.		I emailed West Paw with my concerns. I wonder if there is a shelf life and associated problems when these are warehoused.	It's been > 1 wk w/o a response but it's holiday season.	I will update if I get a response.
1,Neck is way too smal.
1,very affordable price but one part missing one is damaged.plz help me!
1,the cats love this but the big cat can't fit on any of the round parts to lay down on. he falls off. he used to love our old one and that is where he would spend most of his time.		the other cats run and jump all over this and i am noticing that after about 3 months of having this it is getting very rickety. doesn't seem very stable anymore and now i am waiting to see how long this will take to fall apart.
1,I guess I should have paid closer attention, but 7lbs x 3 is 21 lbs, which is a lot, but pretty much only for a smaller size litter box, and really only one "use", I guess the benefit is that it is easier to poor in smaller containers, but not worth it.
1,These don't look like the pictures at all. I thought they would be wider but they are just skinny little sticks. I didn't give them one star because my puppy likes them, but he is a mastiff so he will be thru these in an instant.
1,Cannot not clean effectively.
1,This is NOT natural cuttlebone! This is a composite. My cockatiels, who LOVE cuttlebone, climbed OVER this holder to get to the remaing stub of their all-natural cuttlebone. After a week in their cage, they still won't touch this fake cuttlebone. Save your money and buy simple, all-natural cuttlebone instead!
1,My dog chewed a hole in it in an hour.
1,We have been buying Silvervine powder which our cats react immediately to as soon as the bag is opened. I bought these sticks and sat them down but the cats all just looked at them and didn't even chew. This is 7 cats and not one was interested
1,Not recommended  to buy for cats.  Size of tablet is really too big.  It is 2 cm. diameter. It is hard to give to cats.
1,I put my cat on Evo for 2 years, she got a urinary tract infection. I had to change her food. Right after I changed her food. I found out Evo is terrible for animals, the food is causing alot of health problems and death. I got a letter in the mail stating there is a lawsuit against Innova Evo plus all Natura products. I'm currently in the lawsuit myself.. Evo lied about the ingredients in all their products...DO NOT BUY EVO AND NATURA PRODUCTS!!! (such as Innova Evo, California Natural, Healthwise, Mother Nature, and Karma Dog)Google it, it's called PetproductsSettlement.com.. It's for a $2,150,000 settlement
1,Nope.  This didn't work for us.  The dogs flat out refused to use it.
1,Difficult to put on the dog.  Since she is already anxious, this is not a plus for me. Make her more anxious in the pursuit of making her less anxious?  I don't think so.
1,Xena, the cat who wants me dead, showed interest for about 15 seconds and then hasn't looked at it since.  Hoss, the lazy dog likes it but he just wants to tear it apart.
1,The only thing good about this skimmer might be its quietness, ONCE you get your cup to stay on the ORing. It generates way too much micro bubbles for the display and took it 3 weeks to break in. You can spend your money on a much better HOB skimmer e.g. reef octopus or CPR. The skimmer won't produce the skimmate you wanted unless you babysit it and get to that perfect position every time you clean the cap.
1,Could not figure out how to put it on my dog. I had to return it.
1,The quality is good, but the product is too small. I bought this for a 6 month old Karakachan. She's not a giant, not a Great Dane or Great Pyrenees. I measured her and this should have fit, but she's far too wide. She has too much long hair. I even cut her hair. No go. Disappointed. The head hole will choke her and it won't fit around her hips.		The worst part about this product is the customer service. I felt harassed by the company when asked about a refund. They even asked me to revise my order since "it didn't look like it was tried on." The refund policy says they won't accept it if it looks worn. So, just how "worn" is acceptable?		My two grown Karakachans have specially fit collars because they don't make one large enough off the rack. I thought since she is a puppy, it might be different. It's not. It doesn't fit and I now HATE this company because of their constant attempts to try to tell me it fits when clearly it doesn't.		I needed this product or else I wouldn't have bought it. It doesn't work or else I wouldn't have taken the time and money to return it. All I wanted was a refund without the harassment. Customer service that isn't helpful is not a good thing. I don't like having to defend myself just to get a refund. Horrible customer service.
1,Two stars for being lightweight, and the cats used it without a problem. Clumping is mediocre.		A lot more litter was tossed every time the boxes were scooped (twice daily). While we always sprinkle some new litter on the freshly scooped boxes, we had to replenish this with considerably more than just a sprinkling. We've gone back to Precious Cat Ultra Premium Clumping Cat litter, which is worth every penny.		I agree with other comments that Amazon needs to do a better job packaging cat litter, lighter weight or otherwise. Putting fragile items in a box with two 15lb jugs of cat litter shows an utter lack of common sense. Worse was when the 40lb bag of Precious Cat had a glass bottle packed with it, and it didn't even have any bubble wrap around the bottle.
1,I found the application easy but for whatever reason my dog slipped MORE with this on her feet.  I was too afraid to try it a second time since it takes a while to fall off and I don't want her to be slipping.
1,Chewy for catfood is the placebo go! SUMMIT PET PRODUCT DISTRIBUTORS ARE CHARGING 4 TO 7 dollars more  per case.
1,Received white chalk looking rocks nothing like he pic..  and doesn't desolve none of the shrimp show interest!
1,These were too small (even though I measured my dog's feet and went a size up from what I thought we needed). Ultimately I had to return them.
1,WORKS SOMETIMES
1,my cat got so fat from eating this food for only 3 weeks (the 6lb bag lasted approx 3 weeks)
1,Delivery was quick and the price was good. However, it's hard to say whether it works, because my cats hated it. Even placing a bit on their paws did not entice licking. They simply flung it everywhere and it did stain.
1,My rabbits normally love this hay but this bag was really dry compared to the ones I get from the pretty store. I guess I'll have to continue driving an hour away for it "/
1,didn't last
1,Part of the plastic wrap was already open when I received this today, and I could see defects in that area before even totally unwrapping it.  I unwrapped it & could see just how poorly made it is. The base is small; the material covering the base is really, really thin.  I could see staples in the sisal, and the birdy toys looked so cheap.  I put it right back in the box and returned it today for a refund.  It doesn't even look like it's worth $5--let along the over $20 that I paid.
1,Item returned. Stiching was good but pricey for the totality of what you get. The vest is made of canvas like material and is not lined at all. There is not a leash hookup on vest. Service dogs require to be in harness so that means vest must go over harness yet not doable as vest has no leash hookup. Putting a harness on top of vest defeats purpose. The location of the adjustable strap was at angle on vest which did not allow vest to rest correctly without bunching up due to angle. The big eye catching service patch was the best feature.
1,doesn't get the pee smell out for more than a few hours
1,My 7 month old Lab/Great Dane chewed this up (rope included) in less than 10 minutes. I hoped the rope and lack of stuffing would make for a durable toy, not the case.
1,Not worth the money, cats tire of it in a few mins.
1,Not safe. Returned.
1,Too heavy for my wrists.
1,We got the largest one, and it's still too small for our 70 lb Bernese Mountian Dog
1,Dog does not like this. He will not go near the steps. We have to lift him on the bed.
1,I've purchased 4 of these Puppia harnesses for my dog. The title of my review is hit or miss because that's exactly what it is. The first one was the best and lasted the longest. I still have it. One of them for some reason is much smaller than the rest even though they are all Medium size. Two of them have just unravelled within a week or two and there is not enough material for me to do a repair. Though I like the look and when they work, they work well. I'm not going to be purchasing anymore of these. I'm going to look for a sturdier replacement.
1,Broke after having it in place for less than 48 hours.
1,My dogs do not use this. My small dog sniffed it a little bit, but despite coaxing him to go pee on it he will not. My large dog doesn't even give it a second glance. Unbelievably, this was the least expensive one I could find, yet all it consists of is a cheap plastic tray and some astroturf. It shouldn't have cost more than ten or fifteen bucks, yet it was well over twice that.		Anyway, it does not work for my two dogs.
1,Dog chewed zipper now worthless
1,My cats tend to be interested in something new for about 5 minutes.  This is exactly what happened with this toy.
1,I so very much wanted to like this because it afforded my shepherd puppy room to move around and stretch out to sleep. Perfect, right? Sadly, the size was all that was good about this. Well, it set up fairly easy (didn't fold up quite as easily). We purchased this for an upcoming getaway in which our dog was required to go with us. We intended he only be in this crate for a for sleeping through the night. That should have been easy enough. Well, it wasn't.		Here's the cons, as we experienced:		*  If the lid is left open, unzipped, and your puppy/dog likes to jump up for attention, the side collapses immediately. Not collapses with continued jumping or anxious need to escape. No, it collapsed the minute our puppy jumped up to give us kisses. There's no stability at all.		* If the lid IS zipped, that solves the jumping up and collapsing issue; however, it doesn't prevent the puppy/dog from completely rolling this crate because, again, there is no stability at all.		We ended up not being able to use it at all.		This may work for old dogs with no energy, or really small dogs, but for someone with a frisky sizable puppy like ours, this crate is completely useless. Actually, if you have an energetic smaller dog, like our Jack Russell, it wouldn't be that hard for even that dog to knock this over.		To improve this, if they supplied metal insert rods to support the sides, that might make it usable. They provide tie-down stakes for use outdoors, but those are not able to assist with indoor use.
1,this is a HEAVY WINTER BLANKET ,  it is very nice BUT  IS NOT WATERPROOF -  I  was looking for  a mid weight  blanket  that was  WATERPROOF  but  this  was  the only  blanket i can find  that people  said  it was  WATERPROOF  but it IS NOT WATERPROOF  AT ALL & it is a HEAVY winter blanket .  .  .
1,The first time my cat jumped on the perch it shifted and scared her.  Since I didn't want her to be scared of using the scratching post I removed the perch.  The problem with the perch is that it is not a tight fit.  Two little plastic tabs prevent the perch from sliding off completely but do not hold it firmly in place.  I thought of wedging something inside to make it more sturdy but since my cat likes to climb the post like a tree and the overhang of the perch made that awkward for her, I just put the perch back in the box.	The little potholder cushion on the top of the perch isn't the greatest either but since I removed the perch so quickly I can't really say how that would have held up.
1,Rabbits and guinea pigs should not have these!! They cannot properly digest dairy products, so these are reall bad for them. The only good treats that I have found are the oxbow brand. I bought them before doing proper research and learning how bad these are for them.
1,So stiff it can hardly be bent. And way too thick.
1,Received these bags today and was seriously disappointed. These bags were large enough but way too thin. I think they are even thinner than the grocery store bags. I would not describe these as heavy duty, they are barely good enough for light duty.
1,READ!	Im not sure, I moved into a new apartment about 4months ago and the last owners had 4 cats and 3 litter boxes. Kind of gross.	So I tried to find solutions to clean up the small and everything. Luckily I found Natures Miracle.	I bought this with high hopes because I keep hearing good things about it and I was really looking forward to get that stink out.	But after cleaning the smelly area, It did...nothing. At first I mixed this with some hot water and sprayed the room and let it soak for an hour, then I steam cleaned it. The smell did go away but not for long.	Then I found the concentrated area of urine and did it again but I used the rest of NM and I still smelled urine.	Now Im not sure if you are suppose to use this within a few days of a urine accident but this stain has been settling for a few months. BUT I DID CLEAN IT as soon as I moved in.	I would give this a full 5 stars but I just wasted $13 on this for no reason...I would like a refund...OR maybe another bottle so I can use the FULL concentrate on that selected area now that I know where the smell is actually coming from.
1,Not a fan of this bowl.  Seems cheap.
1,Yet another yucky anti-lick product that my dog enjoys licking  even after I stuck in her face and she seemed to hate it.
1,My dog has severe diarrhea after I gave him this food. Do not recommend.
1,My dog doesn't like it at all.  It's really big and hard made of out plastic, She doesn't act liker it smells or tastes good, Waste of money
1,I received this plant very fast, and it was packaged very nicely.  It looked nice and healthy, until I removed it from the packaging and started to inspect it for snails or any dead leaves, there were no snails or unhealthy parts.  But it was vey dry and brittle and was breaking up quite easily.  I tried putting it in my tank to float, as I was plannning to grow it as a floating plant that my fry could use for cover.  However it was so dry and brittle it wouldn't float and basicly just fell apart and mostly went in the filter, so I removed it.  I have purchased other plants from this supplier that I was very happy with.  but I wouldn't reccommend this one.
1,My puppy refused to use the dog bed this was sprayed on. He hated the scent and would not go near anything that had been sprayed. Fortunately he got to six months and the doctor was able to prescribe trifexis so now I don't need this spray. I guess this would be good for someone without pets who still had a flea problem or for outdoor applications.
1,Leaked worse than old ones
1,Ingredients are equivalent to Kibbles N Bits. Not good. Dogs eat it for a few days and then won't touch it anymore. They know it's bad for them. I feed Royal Canin. It's expensive, but worth it.
1,I went with a Kaytee cage over an aquarium because I felt that my 7-year old could clean the CritterTrail on his own. Wrong. In order to clean the cage, you must take it completely apart. The yellow tube on the side connects to both the top and the bottom, so it has to be removed to start. Then, when the base is removed, the sides fall out, so essentially you are putting the cage together from scratch every time you clean it. It's not child- nor adult-friendly.		We also bought the Portable Petite Habitat so that we could connect the two and give the hamsters a separate sleeping space (to hopefully avoid the issue addressed in other comments where the hamsters take bedding up into the wheel). Not only does this make cleaning even more difficult, it also made the cages unsafe. The connecting pieces are not secure and do not "snap" into place. It took one nudge from our dog to break the tunnel right off the side and a hamster escaped. Luckily I was right there or it could have been a disaster. But even if you don't have other pets, the connection is worrisome. An accidental bump from an excited child would be enough to knock it loose.		UPDATE: We purchased the IRIS 3-Tier cage after three months with the Kaytee Extreme Challenge cage. I like it so much better. Much taller and easier to clean.
1,It is quite expensive, but I bought it as an add on to give it a try. My dogs like it but are not crazy about it.  The pieces are larger than I expected, about 1/2 inch square.  That is too big to use for training and treats for my dogs, who tend toward the plump.  I tried to cut one in half and it crumbled.  I am sure many dogs love it, but it just didn't work out for me.
1,This one wouldn't fit my Jack Russell 6mos, 12lb puppy, couldn't even get his head through the widest adjustment and I purchased it for my adult Jack Russell 5yrs, 20lbs.
1,I bought this for my Pom.  He hasn't touched it.  I tried giving it to one of the other dogs.  For some reason none of them want it.
1,Cute booties, but I only was able to try one on my dog since it fell off in seconds.
1,My puppy immediately tore a hole in the sheep. I'm very disappointed since we have the pig and it's held  up well.
1,Came defective
1,I've tried so many dry food options for my King Charles Cavalier Spaniel puppy and this is his least favorite. I had to throw the bag out. Maybe it works for others but it was purely a waste of money thrown down the drain.
1,I'm sorry to say this stuff sucks it does not get rid of the fleas and ticks and it don't kill them I feel like I was screwed out of my money because it don't work
1,Someone else already posted about this. The leash itself is sturdy and nice to the touch. It seemed to hold my crazy pulling Mastiff just fine, but after only a few months of using it maybe twice a week the clasp broke so I'm back looking for yet another leash, disappointing!
1,Terrible. These wipes don't have the texture or capability to conveniently remove bird poop. They remind me of the texture of some dollar store window wipes I bought in the past that ended up in the trash - slippery, thin, waxy and undersized. Trying to wipe a dried bird poop off a wooden perch for example, the wipe wants to slide off my fingers and I can barely keep hold of it as I'm wiping. Whatever cleaner is in there doesn't break down or dissolve bird poop, and doesn't remove the green stains left behind either. If that weren't bad enough, these wipes are almost impossible to dispense! The plastic triangle-cut circular opening you pull them through is far too firm and sharp and tight, shredding most wipes to bits. So I thought, OK, I'll just pull the black top off and get the wipes out that way. Then I remembered how hard it was to get it off the first time (teenage son had to do it). It's snapped on there so tight somebody's going to get hurt lol. So lid off, put them all in a ziplock bag, right? Well, the wipes aren't serated (cut) right so you'll need scissors unless you want to shred them trying to pull each one off. How this product ever passed any quality control inspection I'll never know. The only good thing I can say at all is at least the wipes weren't dried out.
1,dogs had it torn apart in an hour :-(
1,Thought this was metal by the picture, it's plastic (may say that in a description I'm not sure) - that the squirrels are chewing through quickly.
1,DOGS WOULD NOT TOUCH IT.  IT IS GOING TO A SHELTER.
1,My dog, who LOVES veggies, would not even give these a second sniff!  They look and feel just like cardboard.
1,My puppy is an aggressive chewer and she destroyed this toy in less than fifteen minutes. I only ordered it since the description stated it was specifically for dogs who are tough on their toys. I understand that she goes through toys faster than most, but they boasted that this product was "invincible" and then it did not even last a day. Very disappointing.
1,I don't think it helped my yard at all. And, gives off this mint scent, that I swear brings the gnats out!
1,Very poor. Shown in the picture, my cat chewed this up in less than 5 hours. Then not to mention it has brought out another side of my cat that I've never seen as in being very aggressive against my other cat. Not the manufacturers fault though. The product is. It is very soft foam which feels really nice in the hand, but unsafe for ingestion and hazardous. I will give these soccer balls another chance another time when they get older. But for now, 2 stars.
1,DO NOT BUY THIS.  Your kitten can chew through it and swallow large chunks of it.  We were lucky in the fact that our kitten passed it through his digestive system but the chunk could have just as easily killed him.  Unless you are going to watch your kitten 24/7 and are faster then a speeding bullet when you notice this is being swallowed don't buy this for them.  Picture is of the piece from the end that went through his system and yes it turned brown but it is the piece.  As I said we were lucky that he survived.
1,This ball was way too small.  No bigger than a golf ball. I should have read the reviews before buying it. Thankfully amazon let me return it for a refund so I could purchase another ball of more appropriate size. this is more for a cat than a dog.
1,...is like Mikey, he hates everything that looks or tastes like hard dog food. It took him forever to finish this bag but he is a rotten picky eater. Has he been spoiled? Yes. Would another dog like this food, maybe so. Just not Buster.
1,My dog is a 7.5pd Papillon and had a hard time getting his head in and out of the size small. I'm afraid that a medium would be too large for his body.
1,My golden doodle chewed this up and ate part of it in 5 minutes.
1,Does not bring your tank to 7.5.....and be careful...Stuff burns your fingers....Some api products are goood...others just do not work.
1,I saw the reviews, but thought I'd give one bag a try. My birds are disappointed. Wagner's must have taken this picture years ago and then changed their formula. There are no white seeds at all. It's not just fewer white seeds, there are none.		Wagner's Western Regional mix has many more white seeds than this. Not as many as pictured here, but quite a few. It's a few dollars more for that blend.		I've only been feeding birds for a little while now, but this seems like a picture of the beloved white bird seed that is just too good to be true...especially at this price.
1,So I deleted my original review and had to post an updated one now that I've had it a while. This litter box is absolutely awful! The grate on the inside that is supposed to allow the clean litter to sift through is not attached to the bottom of the box. It ends up moving and a lot of the feces will get caught under it when I roll the box. The "catch" pan is too short and feces also get caught in the back of the ledge where the catch pan falls short. Feces get stuck to the pan just after one use (when I have just cleaned the box) and so I end up having to scoop after all. I am going back to a regular litter box. This one isn't convenient in anyway. If anything it makes the job much more tedious and a hassle.
1,Too small
1,These are not good at all. I placed them on my counters because my cat would jump up there.		Not only did he completely ignore them and walk all over them, but they are double sided so they stick to the counter and were difficult to get off. At least I "flagged" a corner so i could easily remove it.		I would not recommend these. They only create a LIGHT sticky feeling but do NOT stick to the paw, only the counter. 1-sided fly paper worked a lot better to for me because it sticks to their PAWS and freaks them out.		Waste of money :(
1,He refused to walk with this harmess on him.. He turned around and was able to chew right through it .
1,Not escape proof my dog was out in less then 2min
1,My two cats will NOT eat this at all. I spent a lot of money on a food they hate. The stray cat will eat it though. My cat with kidney issues will not touch it. By the way, we have found that Renelix by Pekana is really helping the cat's kidney issue! Her last tests were normal! Once a day just 2-4 drops in water. You may need to get a integrative vet to place an order for it or get it from your local naturopath. Check the internet for Renelix for kidney failure for cats!!
1,Not that easy to put together.  You need two people.  Everything came bent.  It was 6 different Pieces all hooked together and it was a mess to separate them.  Very sharp edges on steel cut me numerous times.  3 zip ties were already snapped from shipping.  Horrible instructions.  No labels on parts.  Not a plug and play by any means.  *Update* the thing cut me pretty bad.  I had to reach in to grab something and it cut me up numerous times.  Ouch.  I sanded it down the a 3M pad
1,smaller than it looks in the advertisement , and it comes without directions, and replacement parts are over priced
1,pup loves them, but they last no longer than 3 minutes and im not being dramatic. so in this package you get a total of 9 minutes of free time from your dog. there is no value here. my dog takes longer to eat ice cubes.
1,My dog wore it once and the stiching is already unravelling.  This is why I was purchasing a new one in the first place.  It didn't last a week.  Poor workmanship.
1,too big for my dog and too heavy.
1,Fuzz comes off easily. Looks nice and feels soft. Like velvet ones better.
1,Cat doesn't even look at this thing. Waste of money
1,Gave my dog loose stool :(
1,It's not worth it. The top has only a few locks so when you turn it to clean it all the litter comes out of the sides. The filter inside moves a lot I had to tape it so it wouldn't be a mess. The pre sticks to the bottom of the box so it's pretty much pointless to have this because you have to open it to clean it. I'm so u happy with this purchase. It is also not big a all, the filter takes up half of the box inside so my Main Coon 20 lbs doesn't not fit. He digs with half his body inside then goes in. It's sad my poor baby.
1,Pretty much all of these topical medicines don't work, and when they do work its for about a week and a half to two weeks.		My cats go outside, so that doesnt help either, but the fact is that this stuff isn't good. It no better than the other topicals.		If you want something that will kill the fleas on your cat get this		http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003YCUDVW/ref=oh_details_o08_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc=1		Trust me, that stuff works. Its what i use for my cats, I give them one pill each every two weeks or so in the summer, and the fleas never have enough time to establish themselves on the cat. Not to mention its 100 times cheaper and is 100 percent effective. I can literally spend 25 dollars and have two cats flea free during the warm months.
1,Quality was ok but I used the size chart provided by seller and ordered a size that should have fit my dog with room to spare (the dimensions listed were the same as all the other accessories I've bought for my dog that fit great) and it was TOO SMALL.  Dog hated it.  Returned it and bought a different one elsewhere.
1,Very disappointed in the quality. I have a large jolly ball for my horse so I thought the small one would be made just as tough. My 10 month old puppy chewed through this within minutes and it ended up in the trash. It may look like tough rubber, but it's not.
1,Does NOT fit a 25lb pet as reviews claim. Not for Maine Coon cats, the largest domesticated cats -- or any pet that does not want to go into the carrier as there is only a thin mesh between him and freedom. My guy is VERY strong and I could not even take him to the vet in this. This is a verticle carrier, only a small animal can lay down comfortably. Very good return policy though.  Had to settle for a hard cage with no wheels for a long car trip and put it on a luggage carrier when transporting but I knew he was comfortable and safe.  Really wanted a carrier with wheels and telescope handle. Was very disappointed.
1,I followed the directions and it worked at first, but then it just stopped working. Nothing I tried could get it to work again, so I returned it.
1,TOO big and bulky. My dog did not like it at all and he's 92 lbs.
1,Upon arrival I hooked up and was ready to use. I already had one so was ready to use it. First thing, I noticed bubbles in the line, not sure of where it came from, I just hooked up the one I already had to finish the job. After trying to figure out why the suction was so horrible, I noticed the culprit.  around the top of the green auction tube, there were cracks on it. Tried to figure how to contact the seller for a replacement, to no avail. Unfortunately, I have to leave this negative but hopefully informative feedback to other users.
1,"Mini poodle, Lhasa apso, Yorkshire terrier mix"... Results were disappointing and inaccurate in my opinion.  It was processed in two weeks but sadly not worth it.
1,They literally run from it
1,I have no idea why my cat vomits this food up, maybe it's too fatty - not sure. It also left pink stains on the carpeting.		In any case, I switched him over to Nutro canned, Solid Gold and Solstice. He has had no problems since.
1,WARNING! I am revising my review. I have since been informed that green tea is toxic to dogs and it can damage their liver and kill them. This dog food has green tea extract in it and has made many dogs ill. I do NOT recommend this food.		All five of my dogs absolutely love this dog food. It is a moist dog food that could even be used as treats rather than full on meals. The list of ingredients and the feeding schedule is in the product description so I'm not going to repeat it here.		It is grain free, corn free, soy free and gluten free. It also contains no animals meals, artificial flavors or colors and no artificial preservatives. It is an excellent dog food that isn't overly processed and cooked. It is about as close as you can get to feeding your dog a raw food diet without actually going out and buying raw meat to feed them. Plus it includes all the vegetables, nutrients and vitamins your dog needs to live a long healthy life.
1,We really don't like how dusty this littler is. The cat brings dust everywhere and on anything. It's a nightmare.		Otherwise, it works fine (hence 2 stars).
1,Gave my poor dog diarrhea. Yes, I stored it correctly in the refrigerator, and I dosed it correctly. I didn't make any other changes to his diet besides adding the supplement and he had the serious runs the next day. I removed the supplement from his diet, feed him rice and chicken until he got better, slowly switched him back to his regular food, then added the supplement again.... And the next day he had diarrhea, again. So I'm positive this was to blame.
1,I am very disappointed in this product. I used it for a month and it is already broken. I will not recommending this to anyway and will try another brand.
1,I bought this for my lil shih tzu, I measured her and ordered it, it came last nigh, put it on her this morning and the top part where her neck and chest is was too loose, after walking shortly she was out of the top of the harness, also the bow that was on it was gone.  I wanted to return this but it cost too much to return it and buy her a new one.  Never had this problem before, I could have lost my dog.  Please tell me what to do now.	I purchased a size small and it works great, thank you..
1,Didn't really help, dogs stool still irregular
1,The wheel bearings blew off with metal fragments everywhere. i emailed them directly. No reply	I have purchased b4, no problems. Wondering if they have a new manufacturer?
1,This is "somewhat neat" with that said its a put together project, you will need clamps to get things to sit straight and for the rope not to make it lean and fall down. The swing is very small so the birds won't mess with it at all, with everything being glued its difficult to clean up the messes the birds make on the bottom, and the paint comes off pretty easy making it not look as pretty. But the birds will fly to it and sit and climb on it so its worth that part if you can get past the previous mentions.
1,Bigger than I thought. Our Yorkies don't know what to do with it.
1,Check the size, the pictures are very deceiving
1,This is not pearls nor is it trackless. The litter is small rocks that my cat has tracked all over the apartment. They are difficult to clean and hurt if you step on them. I would NOT recommend this product to anyone.
1,This product begins as an okay product for about a week until the cats use it more I find the bendable front causes the lid to be unstable and come off the box very easily which cause my cats issues with getting into the box. Not a very good stable product.
1,Purchased 11/2015, not working 02/2016 and according to the return policy, out of date by 60 days.
1,These clippers look nice but do not work very well.
1,definitely can't withstand heavy chewing - was fun for the few days it lasted!
1,The chips are way smaller than the previous times I ordered, dog cannot chew properly.
1,My cats didn't like them.
1,DO NOT BUY!!		My 50lb doodle became extremely ill after eating one of these rawhide bones wrapped with chicken jerky. There is a reason that many treats from China are being recalled... this is not a coincidence - he had nothing else out of the ordinary the day he became so sick. PLEASE do not give these (or any other jerky treats) to your beloved pet. I am so lucky this didn't kill him like so many dogs we are hearing about now following the recall. Save yourself huge vet bills and save your sweet animal from suffering. Choose something else that is made in USA and does not contain jerky or any kind.
1,Based upon the reviews I went with a large for my 18 lb Pugs. It is tight on them at the neck, but too long and baggy in the back. The goggle piece swallows them. Will need a lot of altering.
1,My vet recommended this and I used it diligently, only to have repeated episodes of bacterial and yeast infections in my poodle's ears.  I made sure the groomer plucked her ears well, and we kept the hair pretty short on her ears so they weren't weighted down and the air could circulate in there.  In spite of this, she continued to have infections for many months.  I find Zymox is totally effective, in contrast to this product.
1,In theory, this is a great idea. The sizing however is WAY off. We measured our dogs' neck before ordering, and for in between sizes the company states to order one size larger. Well that was a waste of time. It was enormous, to the point where we had to wrap it around PAST the regular length if that makes sense. We decided to order the medium collar and send this one back - you guessed it...the medium collar was WAY too small. It wouldn't even close or stay on our pup.		I cannot recommend these collars at all...please go to your vet or local pet store - they will measure and help fit a proper collar for your dog!		Thank God for Amazon's easy return policy!
1,You have to wash these out twice a week because they get slimy. Says you can put them in the dishwasher but ours got warped that way. We had 3. I gave them to the animal rescue society and bought ceramic ones.
1,Didn't work. At all.
1,Apparently all dogs do not find this a deterrent to licking.  Didn't work at all.  May have protected area; but not from licking.
1,Bad quality.  I ordered two of these, both has tears on the inseam.  Too bad, it's really cute design.  Needs to be made better.
1,Love the product but the price for this one (small/medium size) compared to the cost for the one for large dogs is ridiculous.  Both are 150 count for just a few dollars different.
1,This thing broke almost instantly!! The strap dropped the middle bells down to the end the first weekend, then after two months of modified use the bottom went. Doesn't seem to be able to handle swinging back and forth on a door, which is what it is designed to do. The reviews for this were high when I bought it so I was really surprised as I find reviews on Amazon awesome. Could have done better just buying the bells from the dollar store and coming up with some DIY solution.
1,Sent back.......it wasn't stainless steel as advertised.......don't want to risk my parrots ingesting lead or other toxic metals.
1,Do you like finding litter in your bed because this literally tracks EVERYWHERE? Do you like bathing your cats more because their paws are filled with stuck litter? Then this litter is for you! It's more expensive than the other 24/7 performance, but lighter weight. I do find myself using less of it than the old one but I am switching back to the regular heavy 24/7 performance clumping litter. Tidy cats has the best litter IMO but this is NOT an improvement.
1,The collars worked fine, once I got the hang of them. But the remote stopped holding a charge for more than a few minutes after the first time I charged it.
1,I'm on my third bottle and it hasn't cleared up the fungus on one Cory.  It's still spreading slowly.
1,My girls - as with most hens - like to "arrange" their own nest, so they tend to root around and the pad gets out of place or stringy.  I won't be buying them again.  Easier to just put extra straw / nesting material into the nest boxes.
1,I have a yorkie dox mix, bought a medium and its still not long enough but its baggy in the body and his legs come out of it fairly often. I bought them to keep	Him from scratching/biting so Ill keep them to keep him from being a little itch monster
1,I've used many "training aides" in my years of dog training... this has got to be the worst of them all. It takes AGES for dogs to put up with having it on them, most will do anything to get it off... no collar should be so uncomfortable for a dog to wear, especially when they're going for walks- walks should be enjoyable and fun!!		I have found it next to impossible to deliver a light correction. This hurts a dog in one of the most sensitive areas, and is no where near "gentle". Also, no matter how loose I can make this and still have it fit correctly, a lot of dogs finish a walk foaming at the mouth and panting or making that weird "clicking" noise like they've got a too-tight collar on.		This collar is incredibly unsafe... I have no clue how it ever got on shelves. I also have no clue how "fur mommies" would be okay with putting this on their dog and giving their dog a correction. It snaps the dog's head to the side. How is that safe or gentle?		The majority of dogs I have use this with become very fearful of it after a walk or two... no matter how much praise or how many treats I stuff in their face. I don't care how people feel about using just a flat collar, but from now on I will no longer be training any dogs with this torture tool. Even an ill-fitting prong collar is more gentle than this thing.
1,Does not work well on short hair dog
1,Weve only had it for about two months and its already falling apart. Would not recommend. I plan on buying one at Petsmart way higher quality than this. Not worth the money!
1,My dog didn't really like this brush. I gave it to a friend for her cat.
1,While the e-collars were fine, one was missing every single prong-clip that holds them together in a cone shape, the other was missing 2 of the 3 clips!  We had to buy zip ties to fix our brand new items.
1,the picture shows nice big pieces.  when it arrived, the contents are practically dust.  largest piece is smaller than my pinkie finger nail.
1,Do not get this it is the stupidest thing you'll ever buy!! It does not work. Not even for a small tank. It doesn't clean anything it just sucks some stuff up and spits it back out like a camel would. DO NOT get it. Get the expensit one for $35, that one actually works it empties the entire tank for you (all that dirt) AND it even fills it back up for you. This is $15 that is $35 wouldn't you rather buy one of those than 2 of these? I literally even took the silly item apart and left only the bendable part (cuz everyone knows it has to be completely bendable for it to work) to see if it would work but it didn't. I threw away almost the entire thing it's not worth the trouble of returning it. The only thing I liked was the suction cup it came with, I used it to suction a plant in my tank. AGAIN..do NOT buy this trash :-)
1,What we got was the purple ball in the photo. It lasted about 2 days with our 8 month old german wirehaired pointer puppy. :(
1,The large is WAY too small!  The large looks like it would only fit dogs of the "mini variety." I measured my little 40 lb bulldog and her chest was less than the 21.3" measurement, and it was so tight on her.  I sent it back.
1,The "snack" is too hard for my shih tzus to chew and there are pieces of plastic that they can swallow.
1,What I received is different than pictured. Also the bag included to freeze had a hole so it didn't work properly. I had to use a ziploc freezer bag instead.
1,You would think shrimp would be one of the ingreedients in this product right?  Well not, and the largest amount of anything in it isn't even meat but wheat.  Just a little fyi...
1,I bought two of these. Dogs are 10 and 11 lbs. Way too small. They fit in them but not enough to do a circle, especially of there is any waste already sitting. They'd be stepping in it. Grate was large enough that nail catching was an issue. Luckily they were cheap but still wasted money.
1,Bulky and cheap, really don't care for them. Update: company refunded my money. Much appreciated, thanks.
1,This is a high quality dog harness but the XXL sizing is way off.  My dog measures 20" at the base of her neck and this harness is too big, plus the straps are much too wide for the harness, they are wide enough for a 100+lb. dog, so it looks silly. I bought a XL for our other dog that is 16" at the base of her neck and it fits her great, but the XL is too small for our other one.  There is a HUGE difference in size between the XL and XXL. Disappointing since it is a nice harness for the money and it seems to be built to last a long time.
1,Fit really weird and returned it, well constructed but for odd shaped dogs with shallow chests, unlike my 25lb boston terrier.
1,I hated this stuff, it didn't clump well the smell was bad, and when it got wet it was like digging concrete out of the boxes , shipment was fine. I would not recommend this.
1,These pad are satisfactory as long as the pup doesn't let ANY urine touch the border. If that happens it gets immediately siphoned off the pad and completely covers the floor beneath it. I have used these with tiny pups before, but definitely not suited to large breed pups.
1,The straps broke right a way.  Too much hassle to send back.
1,Dog tore it at the zipper within a week.
1,Was not good at all cats just ignored it was a waste of money
1,I have purchased this for less than a year and used it maybe 7 or 8 times and I have to say it doesnt work well, at all.  I have a small 3 gallon tank and the water level is about 7 inches deep.  It may very well be that since the water is so shallow, there is no enough water pressure to make this device work well, but I cant be sure.		If I use the end attachment, it is too long to actually start pumping water.  In the rare instance that I could actually get it to pump, there is no suction.  I tried using the method (by wrapping the attachment with plastic) on Youtube (mentioned by another reviewer) but that did nothing.  Without the attachment, which mean the length is shorter, it will pump but it keeps sucking up small gravels and traps them inside the pump (which can be removed later, that is, at least, not a problem).  Finally, the on/off push switch broke after the 5th or 6th times.  It is always on when screwed in but to stop it, I have to unscrew the cap until the springs on the cap doesnt touch the battery.  What a pain.		I cant recommend this, it might work well if you have a bigger and deeper tank; however, even then, the switch breaks too easily.  Its a waste of money.
1,My dog is totally uninterested in this.
1,This playpen is only good for probably old dogs.  I have a dog that is about a year and 5 months.  She is a peekapoo.  She crawled out this playpen from the bottom and she continued scratching the playpen until the zipper slides down.  The mesh on the bottom is not secured its easy to scratch and come out.  The playpen needs probably steel or plastic pipes in the corners to secure the playpen.  It is not durable at all.
1,Pieces are Too small and unsafe
1,These fall apart at least twice a day, my dogs are all under 50 pounds. I would not recommend these to anyone, total waste of money.
1,Bought this to find some piddle spots around the house after my cat had a UTI.  Decided to test it on a place where we knew there was a stain and it showed nothing.  Also used it all around and in the little box and it picked up nothing.  Don't waste your money.
1,Cheap and there is no hole for a leash to go through to connect the dog to it. I do not recommend.
1,My 3 spoiled kitties do not like this.  I am currently mixing a little in with other varieties.
1,Not very accurate, at least 3-4 degrees off at room temp.
1,I didn't see any noticeable difference when using this on my dog's teeth.  My dog wasn't too thrilled with me putting it on his teeth either, although he didn't seem to mind the taste, and it does have a pleasant smell.  I ended up buying a tooth scraper, which works much better--although the dog is not too thrilled with me doing that either, but at least it works!
1,Mine arrived broken. No sounds at all. Very disappointed
1,I have a 18 month old Husky, and he typically destroys all his stuffed toys within hours. I thought that this would outlast the others by months, based on other reader reviews. Unfortunately, he found the ring toy's weakness... the stitching! He managed to pull apart the stitching on one side and ripped out all the cotton within 2 hour of playing with it. I still have yet to find a toy that he can not break through. He does still like to play with it even though it is no longer stuffed.
1,My cats won't eat this and it smells worse than most canned catfoods.
1,Cute, but my dog was starting to chew and eat the ears.  Had to throw away.
1,i have 1 in a frag tank and 1 for mixing salt. the one in the frag tank seems to be working fine. the other, it does not start up when you plug it in. you have to give the propeller a little boost to get it to start working. suction cups seem to be fine for now
1,My cat was around another unvaccinated/unvetted cat who had fleas and unfortunately caught the fleas, which is awful for her since she has flea bite hypersensitivity.  She began loosing chunks of hair from scratching/licking parts of her skin.  This product did very little to help with her flea problem.  I waited three days to see if it just took time to work but her condition worsened so I took her to the vet who had to prescribe her a cream for her skin and I had to buy another flea treatment which worked within one day.  Overall, I would not recommend this product as it did not work at all for my cat.
1,I have been using this 6 weeks, and it has not helped my 6 mo. old kitten with his feline herpes. He still has congestion and sneezing.
1,Looks like old dried/ dead moss tied to a shell. Will update if any life is noticed.
1,Lasted about three days with our Bernese/Golden pup (5 months). The stitching seems durable, but it doesn't matter if the fabric itself isn't. She simply chewed a hole right though the fabric in an open spot on the body, then ripped out the guts. It was cheap, so that's good, but three days isn't long enough for a toy labeled 'Invincible'.
1,Ran very small, the extra large did not fit my dog. She's just a 55 pound border collie rottie type mix.
1,My dog was minorly interested in it at first with kibble in there but when I put cheese in there, he was riveted and figured it out right away. Once he'd figured it out, he was able to get all the treats or kibble pretty quickly and eventually now he pulls one paw cube out, then grabs the plastic paw in his mouth, flips the whole things and is done in less time than it took me to fill it, plus it makes for a bigger mess to clean up.
1,The small is very, very small!  Not sure what kind of dog this would even fit??
1,Supposed to receive five only received four. The picture is deceiving because you see six in the picture. Paper thin, but the way they are rolled in the picture they look nice and thick. Not worth the money at all.
1,Previous review was 5 stars. My January & February deliveries changed to 2 stars. In January 1 bag was filled with pieces full of fat, lots of small broken pieces very low quality. Since my dogs love these treats I didn't delete them from my order. I thought it was possibly a 1 time bad batch. Today when my order arrived I opened both bags which were both full of fat attached to both big and small pieces. What happened to the quality of this product? Will not order again.
1,It came late, and my dog fights getting it on he can get it off in a matter of seconds no matter how high or tight we make it(without hurting him)
1,I have a 30 lb beagle/terrier mix who is a moderate chewer and loves squeaky toys, soft toys, and knobby things.  I thought she would love this toy, and she did--until she destroyed it in about 45 minutes!  I suppose if your dog is more interested in fetch than in chewing, this would be a great toy, but after about half an hour of playing with her Sprong toy, my girl had chewed off several chunks of perfect choking hazard size.  I would NOT recommend allowing a dog to play with this toy without close supervision, and would NOT give this toy to a dog who is anything more than a very light chewer.
1,the clamp doesn't stay tight, the bowl would end up falling and spilling water all over. I don't recommend this.
1,Although this was suggested as the add on item for the fountain I purchase, it does not fit the fountain.
1,August 4, 2016		*		First, nowhere on the Amazon description page for this product (till you scroll way down and keep your eyes peeled) does it say how many of these little cups we get for one order.  This is fundamental information any shopper would need to make a buying decision.  We're told that each cup, which are sometimes called bowls, weighs 3.5 ounces and we're told that one order costs $17.88 (Prime-elegible), but if we aren't told how many 3.5-ounce cups there are for our $17.88, we can't do math to compare this product to its competitors.  I find this surprising and a little distressing.  What else did they forget to tell us?		But so you won't be surprised, the answer is a nice round one dozen, or at least that's how many little bowls were in my exact order, and based on that we can do math.		$17.88 divided by the product of 3.5 ounces per bowl times 12 bowls means each ounce costs 42.6 cents.  Each bowl costs $1.49.		On the other hand, Wal Mart sells (not Prime-eligible) a wet dog food called Gravy Train for $5.00 for 12 cans at 13.2 ounces per can.  Now, I'm not saying the two products are otherwise identical, but it's still worth noting that the product under review, Solid Gold Holistic Grain Free Wet Dog Food Cups, costs a lot more per ounce.  A lot.		Twelve cans of Gravy Train times 13.2 ounces per can is 158.4 ounces.  $5.00 divided by 158.4 ounces is 3.2 cents per ounce, which makes it 92% cheaper.  Said the other way, the product under review is 1,230% more expensive.  That's a lot, which means the product under review would have to be quite a lot better than Gravy Train before it becomes worth the extra expense.		*		Speaking of which, here verbatim from the Amazon description page as well as the sticker on the bottom of the product itself is the manufacturer's recommendation: FEEDING INFORMATION: ADULT: FEED 3 TO 4 BOWLS PER 10 LBS OF BODY WEIGHT PER DAY.		My dog weighs 75 pounds, which according to my math means I should feed him at least 3 bowls times 3.5 ounces per bowl times 7.5, which works out to 78.75 ounces (4.9 pounds).  At a cost of 42.6 cents per ounce that would cost me over $33.  For one day.  This can't be right, can it?  Where did I go wrong here?		$33 is a lot more than my daily budget calls for for feeding my own personal self, and I weigh three times more than PheyeG'hdeaux.  $33 is 57.25% more than the daily food budget for a zooed colony of six meerkats at Swope Park.  It's more than your average Belgian spends on hamster food in a YEAR.  I ask again, what math did I get wrong to result in a dog food expense, if I follow the manufacturer's instructions, of over $12,000 per year?		I'm sure I'll get a substantive response that clarifies where I went wrong on the math there, but until then I subtract all the stars I can for the high price, not to mention having to open 22 bowls (78.75 ounces divided by 3.5 ounces per bowl) per day.  Again, this can't be right, can it?		*		My dog likes this product but that doesn't mean anything because he will eat a squashed plamplam.  It's less consistently textured than what I think of as wet dog food.  There are chunks of things swimming in a liquid.  It's really awful as a topping for a chopped salad, and you should not add it to any soup or stew.  And although I haven't tested this, I'm guessing it would not do well on top of a bowl of spaghetti.
1,Total waste of money, (see same review for the larger size of this product).......My 2 smaller dogs had these gone in less than 5 minutes.  No way this product could have helped clean their teeth!  I'm never buying this product again!
1,Even though this is the mini size, the channels are too deep for my 15 lb Shetland Sheepdog. She could not reach the food at all, even though she has an extremely narrow/pointy snout, and a long tongue.  She could not manage to get more than one or two kibbles from the bowl and just gave up trying-- this from a dog who usually inhales her food in 45 seconds. What did work well for her was the "Fun Mat Portable Dog Bowl, Slow Feeder Bowl for Dogs by Outward Hound, Mini, Green"-- that slowed her eating down to 5 or more minutes, and she is able to get all her food, and she has not vomited since using the mat (which was happening a lot before we got the slow-feeder). She also seems to like eating from the mat.
1,I have used the regular Laxatone original we have all known and used for years. Since this one was less expensive, I ordered it, not realizing it was a different flavor. I did try it, though, and my cat and I both did not like it at all. The worst thing (I didn't realize or note when ordering) is that it does not have petroleum jelly in it to make it thick - it is runny - you are supposed to "shake it" before using, which needless to say, I didn't do, so then I put the lid on and shook it and gave my cat some. By the it was all over the tube, the cabinet, the cat, the floor and me! I immediately ordered the "old" kind and thank goodness it got here before I had to use this one again. This one is going in the trash!
1,I used this once on our couch, it only collected some of the very lose hairs, and now the upholstery is super rough. I'm glad I didn't use this everywhere. We don't have particularly sensitive upholstery, I've never had an issue brushing it or wiping it. Now it has little fuzz balls I can't get off, and it's significantly less smooth to the touch. I really wish I hadn't used it. If you do decide to try it, try it on a small part and make sure your furniture is not damaged before you continue.		I ended up getting this pet hair vacuum, it's amazing, gets almost all the hair without damaging anything.	http://www.amazon.com/Bissell-Eraser-Handheld-Vacuum-33A1/dp/B001EYFQ28/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1423078476&sr=8-1&keywords=hair+vacuum
1,I never ordered these, and have now received two.  This is a scam called "brushing" in which vendors or sellers send you an item and then give it 5 stars themselves.  It was on the news.  There is no place to send it back to because there is no record of an order.  While they are nice blankets, the real reviews I have read say they cannot be washed in the machine.  Who would ever buy anything hand wash only, and esp something for a dog.
1,I love the smell of this shampoo. It's clean but not perfume like. I thought it would keep my puppy dog from itching, but I was so wrong. The second time I used it she began itching and licking like crazy! I know I washed the soap off well, too. It also seemed watered down because it took a lot of shampoo to work up a lather. It took about three times what I have used before. I hate to say bad things about a product, but I was very disappointed. I'm not sure what I'll do with the rest.
1,Did nothing for my dog.  on the other hand, he did like the taste and they can be used as treats.  But they are too expensive for treats so i won't buy it again.  I'm glad i tried them but am sad they didn't do anything all all, even when i quadrupled or more the amount recommended.
1,It quit working on vibrate and shock.
1,You seem to go through this in an instant, like within a matter of a day or two my can will be empty, and I know the cat isn't triggering the motion sensor that many times (nor am I or anything else in the house). It just doesn't hold that much air. Some reviewers mentioned you could purchase a can of air via radio shack or an alternative and use it on your motion spray detector and save money that way. I might do that in the future.
1,My cat started standing on the top of this while it rotates, and then the dish won't go to the next section of the feeder. My cat then wouldn't get fed and would be acting crazy and I couldn't figure out why until I realize it was no longer advancing. Then the other day I watched the dish advance and then just randomly go back to the empty section. The motor is blown. I guess it was ok for the price but I wouldn't buy it again.
1,I had to superglue the string back onto the stick and the stick back into the suction cup. It's fine now, just annoyed at how cheaply made. You get what you pay for.
1,My cat loves chicken from other brands, but refuses to eat this.
1,Squeaker did not work and my mini-Doxi tore it up in two minutes and then into the trash.
1,Doesn't work! My poor dog yelps when I use this brush because it gets caught on everything and hurts him
1,While the design is great, my mini aussie just shrugs himself out of this harness. Last night I spent 15 nervewracking minutes chasing him around a field. Shopping now for a Martindale padded collar--hopefully he will learn to walk better with that!
1,i ordered this for one of my dogs and when I put it on her --- it was way too small and tight.  We ended up giving it to our friends who have a smaller dog.  I will not order this again.
1,I don't think it worked for my dogs.  Switched to Comfortis and that works better.
1,Suction cups are useless. I will keep because of price and adds something to aquarium for dragon. Wouldn't purchase again.
1,It shreds
1,While I am sure this is a great products for some dogs, none of our herding-breed dogs (a 5-year-old collie and 5-year-old German Shepherd), both of whom are very active otherwise, were interested in this ball. They would chase after it if it was already moving, but would not play with it on their own (as some of the other reviews indicated). Very disappointed.
1,Made the cats sick. Had to discontinue using this food.
1,I have a thirty eight pound kelpie. This thing is already destroyed. I am pretty frustrated about it. All my other kong stuff have been lasting, so I hope this is only because either my dog is crazy, or I got a lemon. I just got it too.
1,Niot good
1,2 months after purchase and it already doesn't work.... for a fish tank that "can handle up to 100 gallons. I'm going to try and get a replacement. This is the worse "get what you pay for" lesson I've had to learn.
1,This is like jelly. Hard to lather. No real scent. Seems kinda cheap like something I would buy at 99 cent store.
1,Cute bowls but ... if your dog is sensitive to noise. I bought these for food bowls and they just make to much noise when putting food in the bowl. I now use them as water bowls so they don't just sit in storage but I really need a bigger bowl for water. Not crazy about how they are made either. The inside of the bowl seems it's very cheaply made.
1,Usually this works really well, but for some reason the soil with this one wouldn't stay moist and the seeds wouldn't grow.
1,The handle broke whenI was cleaning my tank. Don't get it
1,The shoes are filled with cotton and they just didn't stay on my dogs feet.  Why don't they construct shoes the way their feet are designed instead of filling them with cotton.  For the few minutes that the shoes stayed on my dogs feet she walked so funny with them she looked ridiculous.  I must say they are very cute though.
1,Read the material carefully:  the listing says "may cause choking."  The product packaging says "may cause injury or death" (if ingested).
1,Has stopped working.  Had it less than a year!
1,Did not work for my cat whatsoever. Would not recommend.
1,The first FroliCat I received worked 15 seconds before it stopped working entirely.  The company sent another FroliCat. It turns very slowly.  My half-grown kittens are not at all interested in the toy.
1,Engraving is already fading and chipping... very unfortunate as it has barely been 2 months.
1,I've got three cats, and out of all three, NONE of them will eat these.  I knew from the second I opened the package, that they were too hard.  Not even "crunchy cat food" hard... they would really have to gnaw on these.  We'll have to give something else a try.  We've had a little luck with some L-Lysine gel that we've had to sneak onto the top of their wet cat food so far.
1,They should really tell you this is the size of a golf ball. My pitbull and GSD would swallow it whole. I literally just threw it in the trash when I opened the box
1,I wasn't too impressed with this tool for my Persian cats.  It didn't seem to go down to undercoat.
1,I purchased this because I had read that it helps heal hot spots on dogs. Maybe this would work better if the hot spot were caught early on, while still small, but my pet's was already fairly large. Although this did not appear to make it worse, it also didn't make it better or speed healing at all. :(
1,The product came exactly as shown and described.  First time use: I was caught in a thunderstorm with my 2 pups while backpacking.  I set up my tent when there was a lull in the storm so that we could try to get dry and warm (it was COLD! and both pups were shivering).  Both pups (16lbs. & 8lbs.) fit comfortably in the sleeping back and warmed up instantly.  Material is easy to clean.  However, not durable.  Second time use: (backpacking) As I was packing up and rolling up the sleeping bag to put in my backpack, I noticed tearing on one of the seams.		The stuff sack...  I was unpacking and cleaning everything after the first backpacking trip, I noticed there was a tear in the bottom of my stuff sack.  This is after 1 use and I'm pretty good with maintaining my stuff.  I contacted the 3rd party seller to see if I could get a replacement.  She was unable to get one for me and was unable to get amazon to send me a replacement stuff sack.  I contacted the actual company, My Busy Pet, and they responded promptly but they could only offer me a $10 off coupon on my next purchase on their products.		SO... I'm returning this product.  It's definitely not for backpacking.  Maybe would be better suited for low-impact activities or environments.
1,Doesn't work like it says.
1,The taste and smell were a bit noxious. One of my dogs who is a picky eater did not like it. The other liked it but she eats anything. My dogs also got sick one day, but that very may well have been from something else they ate.
1,not heavy duty. my eighty lb shepherd stretches it easily and he is not a puller. Expected a much sturdier hook
1,the material is not very good, touch it and fell like every easy to break it. and the staff forget give me the water cup, so I was angry and returned it.
1,Was way too big even being an xs
1,Did not work for my 15 year old lab.  Too slippery, even when using a diaper coverall over it.  Sigh.
