0,Great deal, good stuff!!
0,Delicious! Have not had since I visited Hawaii! A little costly, though!
0,I love the smell of this one.
0,Perfect! A++++!
0,Good as expected.
0,A+
0,I'm addicted to these.  My laundry smells so good, I wish I could buy cases of these.  Whoever came up with this idea, I hug you!
0,It smells good.
0,Both my husband and I love this deodorant. The scent is light yet clean, fresh, and gender-neutral. The deodorant glides on unlike some other brands yet our underarms remain completely dry.		Tom's is vegan and cruelty-free - both of which are very important to our family.		We are very pleased that this item is on Amazon Prime Pantry's list so we never run out.
0,HAS EVERY SIZE U NEED
0,Love the green tea. Mixed Berry was delicious.
0,I've used Morton's table salt all my life. This standard shold be on everyone's shelf and table.
0,Great Price
0,Ordered a second pair within days of receiving first pair - tossed out older scissors as these are sharp and comfy to hold while cutting. Buying a few more pair for my mom and sister, too! Thanks for the great "add-on" pricing, Amazon!
0,I use this in soups and such.
0,These taste Great!!
0,I like it so far but I just started using it, so I can't tell if it's whitening my teeth.
0,This is my favorite scent booster.  I have tried over 5 different kinds/scents, yet keep coming back to this one.  The scent is my favorite.  So far my family has preferred this one as well.  I actually did catch my husband smelling the laundry once!
0,graet chocolate with a pomegranate flavoring that isn't annoying or abrasive with the chocolate, but the package it comes in is obscenely difficult to open.  It has the proper gaps at the side saying "tear here" but when you tear it's like trying to tear open a plastic bag and you just end up removing a piece of the top.		You try the other side and the same thing happens so now you have no handle to open it and it's vacuum sealed even where you tore.  so I used some scissors to cut, and the angle was off so I just ended up cutting some more of the plastic without actually cutting past the vacuum seal.  I cut into the vacuum seal next and tried to tear it open with my fingers, but it too was like tearing a plastic bag, only much thicker and more resistant due to the metal-ish plastic part where the bag itself begins.		at this point I tried cutting again but was too close to the resealable part so I forced a finger into one of the holes I made and tried to tear it open at which point it finally opened except for a seam in the middle which was completely impervious to regular opening.  had to use scissors on that part and it was finally open.		the top of the bag now is currently very hazardous as it is very sharp and jagged and could certainly cut skin
0,good product
0,Ive spilled bleach trying to pour it into my front loading washing machine "soap drawer" more than once because the bottle is to big and awkward, this handy spray bottle makes it all super easy now!
0,I was reluctant to buy these because... well sponge.  And sponges are essentially something that you have to throw away frequently because you can't keep them sanitary; but I'm so glad I bought these.  They really work well and I've been using my crockpot a lot, as well as baking some sticky things and they clean my pyrex bakeware and the ceramic of my crockpot without scratching the surface.		Work really well for scrubbing pots and pans without scratching.
0,nice
0,I adore Meyer's products and Bluebell is my favorite
0,yummy
0,So good.
0,Excellent.
0,Great tastes without anything unhealthy.  Cost less than two can of similar milk locally.
0,good tuna
0,Great coffee and fresh, tried it due to the free shipping offer in Prime Pantry and we love the dark roast and flavor.
0,I like it!!!
0,Rich flavor not requiring an excessive amount of ground beans to brew a great cup of coffee.
0,favorite.
0,My husband ,Loved it
0,Pantry Prime is a great service and so convenient. Price is competitive. This Dove soap is perfect for sensitive skin.
0,These are great, right out of the bag or with your favorite salsa or dip!
0,Delicious. Just sour enough. Be careful not to eat the whole bag. >.<
0,did the job
0,yummy
0,great
0,Delicious! I would definitely order again!
0,As expected
0,I love this shampoo. Other shampoos leave my hair too oily or too dry, but not Suave Pro. And the smell is delightful. Not overpowering and not soapy. :)
0,Taste great
0,Good pricing, familiar brand. Does the job. Gotta' love it.<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Gain-with-Freshlock-Original-Dryer-Sheets-120-Count/dp/B00R1CS5RU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Gain with Freshlock Original Dryer Sheets, 120 Count</a>
0,My youngest son loves this.
0,Love this! Exactly what I was looking for!
0,SUPERB !!!
0,happy
0,good
0,good
0,So delicious. I use it in cooking (coconut shrimp) and add to smoothies for the tropical flavor.
0,Not really....		These are one-and-a-half million times better than generic brand bandages.  These stay on during a solid day of work but come off easy enough when your done with them.		The price on Prime Pantry was competitive at time of purchase, ($2.78, I think).
0,A+
0,great price love the smell
0,Great Coffee
0,Yum! I love the cinnamon grahams for adding a little something extra to smores, or just for snacking by themselves. I've been getting this from Prime Pantry. They're about the same price as in any supermarket, and I've never had any trouble with a shipment. The box and contents arrive in perfect condition.
0,Excellent. Arrived on time.
0,There isn't much to say here.  This TP does its job and has the correct grip to softness ratio.  Scott tends to last longer around my house than other brands and the price is right.
0,Great buy
0,I would not recommend these for breakfast, I recommend these as a dessert as they are very sweet and chocolatey. These come with 4 packages inside the box that contain 2 pop tarts each. Again this is going to be a dessert for then a breakfast because starting off your day with this amount of sugar and sweetness will only make you crave more.		These came fresh and rather tasty! They have a nice texture to them and taste amazing. I recommend these for those who want their sweet chocolate fix.
0,Always a winner
0,Great buy on line
0,Good Stuff
0,Great!
0,I enjoy this water as it supplies me with minerals plus it tastes great. I also get it delivered via the Amazon Pantry box so I don't have to lug it home
0,You can never go wrong with cashews!!
0,great
0,love it
0,Great product!
0,Used these on my pillows some curtains and some expensive fabric I purchased to make pillow covers that got dingy way too fast.  The pillows look and smell great considering they are very old.  An clean for that matter I don't think anyone but me could figure out how old they actually are. The bleach smell is nice not too smelly like over powering ammonia or anything.
0,greatest invention ever!
0,Mini wheat is micro mini in size but has the flavor of a full sized wheat!
0,addicted
0,Not as rich and hearty as advertised.  However has a good taste, even though there are no actual clams in it.
0,great
0,great
0,worked so well for chicken parm and people love that it's just corn flakes when they find out!
0,works fine
0,If you have allergies this product is awesome. No more itchy skin after doing the wash. The only problem is that sometimes on a cold wash the pod doesn't dissolve all the way and leaves a mess on the clothes forcing you to run the washer again.
0,My husband is the nuts eater and very much likes planters.
0,as described
0,We bought this McCafe Medium Roast Coffee via Prime Pantry and are loving it. Rich and bold without tasting bitter. Nice balanced flavor, good for the price. Would recommend to others and will buy again.
0,Great product
0,You want to learn something amazing.		Make a box of brownie mix.  Put it in a pan.	Mix this stuff up.  And drop little balls in the brownie mix.		You're welcome.
0,Love this product and flavor. Have ordered more and will order more in the future.
0,Kleenex are great everyday facial tissues.	Nice package designs and colors.	Gentle and soft yet strong enough to do the job.	4 boxes with 160 tissues in each box	I always buy Kleenex brand tissues after trying to go off brand and regretting it	The cheap ones just break up and that is not worth it to me.	HIGHLY RECOMMEND
0,yummy who doesn't love these soft chewy cookies.  Make a great dessert for the kids after the eat their veggies for dinner.
0,Dang, these are good! But seriously, very tasty. I eat a handful at a time. Helps with the sweet tooth.
0,Great tasting item.  Great for cereal or yogurt topping.
0,These are great  to keep in your car, purse,luggage!
0,I tend to sweat a lot when I'm active so gave this a try. If you put it on in the morning, as I did my old anti-presperiant, it doesn't work well. If you follow the directions and put it on before bed, it does exactly as it should, and keeps your underarms dry all day the following day. The only reason why I didn't give it 5 stars is because since I have to put it on before bed, all you an smell when you're trying to fall asleep is the deodorant. It's not a bad smell and I don't notice it normally, but when I'm in bed with my shirt off all cozy under the covers, the scent is a bit much.
0,Great product, easy to prepare, and tasty.
0,The cat really loves this tuna as do I.
0,Love the squeeze bottle.  Very convenient
0,This makes a great cold brew and helps satisfy a sweet tooth. It reminds me of watermelon Airheads taffy, which is something I enjoy. (Well, I don't really eat them now, but I loved them when I was a kid, so it reminds me of that!) If you like watermelon flavored candies, this is similar in taste to those. If you don't, then this tea is not for you. I've only had it cold so far, but I do think I'd like this hot as well.
0,Best dried basil I ever bought. Even better that it's organic.
0,Appealing to the eye and taste-buds.
0,Method products are always reliably the best.
0,Feel like a kid again.  The moving (colored) bristles dig in to the sensitive areas but no pain or irritation because of the softness of these specialized bristles.  They are soft and rotate in and out of the gum areas.  I only wish I could get them with changeable AAA batteries.  It is a good, very good product.  My dental visits are also good twice a year.
0,Love my juice thank u very much great work guys keep it up
0,my kids like this flavor,
0,Too bad they don't sell the 12oz 12 pack anymore :( . Mtn dew is by far the best diet caffeine drink ever created.
0,Great  deal  love  planters
0,Arrived quickly, as described.
0,Pleasant tasting grape, contains both allergy and decongestant in single med.
0,I love ponds. This is my go-to product for make up removal
0,Love this product
0,Good chwsse
0,grandkids love this cereal,  it was fresh and great
0,They actually do taste good, expecially for "healthier" snacks.  Pair nicely with hummus, or tomatoes.
0,Good Product.
0,The kids love these things
0,Good source of nutrition, excellent taste
0,Lundberg makes the BEST brown rice cake.
0,Only thing that would be better would be natural ingredients, but the smell is pleasant and the cleaning power is pretty good.  At this time the price is similar to Wal-mart, so faire price.
0,Delicious!
0,My favorite clam chowder.  I am lactose intolerant, and this is the only "cream" soup I have found that doesn't make me sick.
0,This is the 2nd time I made this purchase for a tasty snack.
0,It's tuna, try it.
0,great way to start the morning
0,"Cento was founded in Philadelphia in 1963, as a distributor of ethnic Italian food specialties servicing the surrounding tri-state area. Passion and experience led management to a deep understanding of the intricacies of food development and ultimately drove Cento to produce a superior Italian food product under its own label in 1982." Cento		I use Cento tomatoes because they have San Marzano tomatoes which we have been Tom's multiple times, that they are the best. Martha Stewart, Ina Garten, and Italian chefs promote these tomatoes, they are packed fresh and have the best taste quality.  I make my own tomato sauce using these:		One 28 ounce can peeled San Marzano tomatoes	One 28 ounce can of  crushed tomatoes	3-4 garlic cloves crushed	One green pepper chopped	One onion chopped	Basil, fresh a 1/4 cup chopped or one tsp. dried	One tbsp good olive oil		Saut&eacute; garlic, onion and pepper in olive oil 2-3 mins, until lightly browned	Add cans of tomatoes	Simmer for 30 mins	Add 1 tsp salt and 1/2 tsp pepper	Add basil in the last five minutes of simmer.		You can use the sauce as is for a topping for pasta or freeze for use.		This makes the best red tomato sauce, I often simmer for an additional 30 mins to make it a little more rich. You can yes this sauce as a base for many dishes. It is fast, inexpensive and so much more tasty than canned tomato sauces.		Recommended. prisrob 02-04-14
0,I learned to love it in Paris when I lived there but it was cooked with pieces of meat, broth and veggies.  I love it cooked any way at all,
0,I have been using Swiffer WetJet sprays for years and I love them. It is a quick way to get my floors clean. I feel like this cleans my floor much better than any other mop that I have used and it smells good also. I have a daycare in my house and this product helps me to quickly and efficiently clean my floors. I will continue using this product and recommend it to everyone.
0,there is just no way to just eat a few. damn good.
0,good product
0,My 27. Yr old daughter will eat the smaller bag in on sitting she loves it so much.  It is considered " her snack".  Happy to see the larger size bag as it will last longer than one day and such a great price!  How did I live without discovering this?  Must start stocking up before the really cold weather hits and this is the perfect snack to munch on.
0,I love these brushes.
0,best sugar for frosting
0,Love these!!!!
0,for my husband - Dr, recommended.
0,Candy is alright, but can be bought cheaper at a walmart or so
0,Great value. Great walnuts!
0,What can you really say about plastic wrap? It doesn't tear unless you want it to. It seals pretty well. I enjoy how easy it breaks from the roll. Pretty standard Glad quality!
0,Good price and expiration date.
0,Live it
0,GR8 Product - I would buy again
0,It's All my grain sensitive girl will eat!
0,great
0,Good variety and taste. Easy and fun snack packs.
0,Awesome, Great for hangovers, I keep some in my briefcase in case one of my coworkers or I need a bit of help to get to feeling better after a long night out at "training".
0,perfect for any dip
0,I actually don't consume these for their nutritional value.  I like the taste, and find they are a good substitute for a milkshake craving.  I put these in the freezer for an hour or so prior to drinking and voila!  Certainly better nutrition than ice cream!
0,I love them.
0,Like the box says - this is a great value.
0,Excellent. Love Izze brand sodas. :-)
0,For a pre-ground coffee, this one is pretty nice. The hazelnut flavor isn't overpowering. It's on the bitter side when left black, but I drink mine with cream and sugar so it's not a problem. Hubby is more of a purist... only likes unflavored, fresh ground with a burr grinder... measures and tamps and adjusts espresso machine with an engineer's precision... so he doesn't care for this one. I'm more lazy, and just want it to taste good enough and get me through the morning with a toddler, ha
0,I don't know how this stuff works, but it does, clings better than any ordinarily plastic wrap (aside from the "good" stuff sold to delis and grocery stores). It's a plastic wrap, but feels more like wax paper. Truly is "press and seal" on all my glass, ceramic or plastic bowls/containers.
0,Great water.  I love it.  Leaves me feeling hydrated.  I am not a fan of water, but I can tolerate this.  It is my favorite.
0,Sent me the orange box..it'seems fine.
0,St. Ives has my skin feeling butter soft, even if I skip a day or two.
0,Nice fresh, not salty- tasty!
0,Perfect and nice to buy in bulk as I use it to make a paste for my dog -=-
0,Yum, beans!  Great in homemade beef and bean burritos.
0,good stuff, nice price
0,I really like these cups, although I'd prefer a larger capacity for some cold beverages, but this is the size I ordered.  They're pretty rigid, crystal clear, attractive, highly reusable (I wash them in top rack of dishwasher), and recyclable when you're finally done with them.  They nest for compact storage (well with others of the same size and reasonably well with the 9 fl. oz. ones I also have).  The rim has a smooth, rounded edge for comfortable drinking.  They may be a bit costly for single use, unless you value their great appearance and feel, but for repeated use they're great.  Highly recommended.		Review of (Amazon ASIN B00PJY7NE8):&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Chinet-Cut-Crystal-Tumblers-14-Ounce-18-Count/dp/B00PJY7NE8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Chinet Cut Crystal Tumblers, 14 Ounce, 18 Count</a>
0,only soap I use
0,Good
0,These are dangerously addictive. It is best to pour some in a bowl then put the bag up high. Trust me. If you don't, you just might accidentally eat the majority of the bag, maybe even the whole bag, before you realize it. I may or may not be warning you of this from experience. They are light and airy with a great cheesy taste. They almost melt in your mouth. I like that they don't stain my fingers orange nor are they overly greasy. I am glad they carry them on Amazon because they can be hard to find in a regular store. I am also glad that they come in a big bag since every one in my family likes them. They never last more than a day. One serving is over 30 of these so I can eat them without guilt. With no artificial colors, perspectives, or flavors, they are practically health food or so I like to tell myself. I prefer these over the regular Cheetos Cheese Puffs.
0,Perfect
0,Good price for a quality applesauce.
0,Good
0,I make chicken salad with Swanson's because it is so easy and convenient to have on hand.
0,good deal
0,Very gentle; lasts a long time; very nice.
0,Coffee is coffee is coffee
0,It works better than the detergent alonr
0,exactly what it was supposed to be wonderful
0,love
0,Ensure has improved in the flavor department since I first tried it many years ago, but there are times when I just cannot make myself drink their nutritional shakes due to health problems and medication side effects.  I'm already nauseous and something with the texture of dairy just is not appetizing on those days.	The milk chocolate flavor is palatable and I am able to use this product on an as-needed basis.  I get to have chocolate again!
0,Great
0,Yummy!
0,I love it, not too sweet
0,Does the job!  Works very well on my tile Floors!
0,Pudding is a pantry staple! Not just a quick and easy dessert, I add pudding mix to cakes and other treat recipes. I began using the sugarfree versions just for the kids, but then decided to go all sugarfree since the taste is just as good as the higher-calorie originals. I'm not sure that this "fudge" variety is that much different from the plain "chocolate," but they're both good!		Note: I have tried numerous store brands of instant pudding, and there is absolutely a difference in the texture and taste. Although I use an immersion blender to whip, the store brands never come to a completely smooth liquid and specks of powder seem to permeate the pudding. This is an example of a product where the brand absolutely makes a difference.
0,Yuumy
0,Love the smell! Helped me maintain color in my purple/pink/blue hair by not having sulfates!
0,Added to care package
0,very good
0,received quickly and exactly as adertised
0,Just starting dedicating myself to fitness through yoga and exercise, and by changing my eating habits. It is so easy to reach for chips, cookies or some other mindless snack when on the go, so I have been carrying these with me instead.		These "whole natural" Blue Diamond almonds are my favorite because they are simple, fresh and have that clean almond taste. This company does have a lot of other smoked and flavored options, but the clean & natural taste is really what I like. Pure almond.		If you are looking for a healthier snaking option and are not sensitive to almonds, then give these a try.		Go for it.
0,Tuna is always good any time
0,nice containers
0,Great for cleaning the shower
0,Super Oats ! Faster Than Raisin Brand , Stronger than Wheaties , able to cook in minutes ! ! !
0,Quick easy way to make koolaid. My family keeps the jar on the counter for quick access
0,Cant go wrong with any MrsDash. I wish this was in a larger size like the original.
0,These are great to have on hand for quick side dish. Cheezy.
0,A must have for spotless glasses in the dishwasher!
0,These are sooo good!! A great light snack with great flavor..
0,This works really well on my hair and smells amazing!
0,5star
0,Always a hit with the kids		FYI	This can be made with soy milk, only use 1.5 cups instead of 2
0,everything is fine
0,Great flavor that's hard to find in local stores
0,not the greatest chip but we did eat them very light and airy
0,They get everything clean. Soapscum, mildew, marker, paint, I can get just about everything clean in my house. Cuts my cleaning time in half. Love these.
0,Good item to have on hand
0,this strawberry flavor is hard to find in stores and these are so fresh. thank you.
0,Thank you
0,Made tuna melts with this and it taste great! Easy to open with can opener and alot of tuna meat was enough than I expected. Very natural taste nothing added anything else.
0,I love these noodles and the peanut sause is the bomb. Always great to have around for a quick midnight snack.
0,I found it great, could use a few more berries but otherwise its for the muffin lover and I will be buying again
0,my experience with ordering and consuming this product is all good. the aroma was good. i love the coconut. the filling was good. the chocolate cake was good. it arrived for me with no damage. the snoballs were pretty fresh and a joy to consume. i am going to try out some of my other hostess favorites.
0,This stuff will clean anything.  My housekeeper always reminds me to order more when the supply gets low.
0,I love the smell this spray has, it's not too strong. It gets my cabinets, counter tops and tables clean and does not leave any residue. A little goes a long way. I love the Method product line as its natural and does not contain harsh chemicals.  I have tried multiple brands and this is by far my favorite. To know I'm killing bacteria and not using harsh chemicals is amazing.
0,Honestly, I use this on my dog. Without this, her nose is super crusty like rough sandpaper. And I use it on her foot pads that dry and crack. Within a week of use, there was a significant improvement on the deep cracks. And now they only require occasional applications for maintenance.  I tried all the pet-related products but Aquaphor always worked best. I leave the large tub in my bathroom counter and many guests have commented how much they liked it. I don't mention it's for my dog.
0,Love it ! No Mess No Fuss No Splashing !
0,My son served these along with Oreo cookies at his video game party.  Just like the Oreos, these disappeared.  I sampled them, too (had to make sure they were okay).  Yes, they're good, but I like softer cookies better.  The kids didn't seem to mind the hardness, though.
0,I admit that I am not a fan of any instant mashed potato brand, but this one is pretty tolerable when used as a component of a dish. Completely simple and fast to prepare, this is a good staple to keep on hand in your pantry.		My kids like to eat it as a standalone side dish, but I prefer these potatoes mixed into a recipe (topping off meat-and-vegetable casseroles, for example). If you're the type of eater that combines a bite of meat, vegetables, and potato on your fork, then this product will be just fine for you!
0,Favorite snack at my house
0,Best price. Great taste.
0,I ate the whole bag in one day.
0,arrived undamaged
0,knew what I had coming, product used before.
0,Great product
0,My favorite
0,Nice
0,good stuff but I knew it was
0,These chips are one of my favorites - simple ingredients and different enough to make a nice change once in a while.
0,These remind me of high school.  They're a great snack only because the packages are small.  Any bigger and I'd have to take a diuretic. Getting old sucks!
0,This is my first time trying this scent and I love it.  It smells so good and my skin feels so soft and clean after wash.  I would definitely get this one again.
0,Fresh taste and a great price.  Good value.
0,good
0,Love this coffee for work in a electrical percolator pot.
0,EASY TO USE AND REALY SHINES MY SHOES...FAST!
0,Smells amazing - better price than locally
0,came as expected
0,Cleans well, but uses ammonia which is not very healthy.
0,I love Aussie hair products.  Works Great! Smells Great!
0,good product
0,Kids and husband say best fruit snacks they have had
0,great but now I buy the lightly salted version
0,pasta is pasta.  this is fine.
0,I would not be without Color Catcher.  It is an important tool in my laundry room
0,what would we do without this type of freezer bag
0,One of my favorite drinks. I always freeze it an hour or two before heading to the gym.	Very refreshing and delicious.
0,Good product.  Use when necessary.
0,yum o......If you did not like it as a kid then you won't like it now and there may also be something very wrong with you.  If you are not the latter then you already know what I mean.
0,Love this! Great way to save money. Excellent price for the size.
0,Toasty are the best!!!
0,Yummy
0,I had never tried these, but my boyfriend had mentioned that he loves them and we couldn't find them in the grocery store around us anywhere anymore.  I was excited to find them on amazon and bought 5 cans of them.  He was delighted!  I tried them and find them to be particularly delicious and a great snack food!
0,Use this every morning.  Taste is wonderful. Wouldn't be my favorite morning cup without it.
0,Our family's favorite snack. Delicious. The smoked ones are really good, too.
0,Have used these for years and this package will definitely last awhile!!! Love the return to no plastic!! Thank you!
0,This is the easiest way to dust without moving all your stuff. I still dust the old fashioned way once in awhile, but for in between this is great.  It's true - the dust does cling to the Swiffer duster pretty well.
0,They're delicious!
0,I just recently started buying canned chicken. We eat tuna fish from a can so why not chicken??!! Ha! I like the premiumness of it and use it for chicken salad, casseroles, dipsso super easy! I also got a great deal from Prime Pantry when I ordered this. I will definitely order more and its faster & easier than searching for it in the stores!
0,Great Price
0,Wonderful rice noodles.	They are extremely thin so fast to prepare.	These thin noodles cook up very quickly by adding to boiling water, shut the water, put them in and let them soak and in minutes they are done.	Gluten free so a great alternative if one has wheat allergies or intolerance to wheat.	They have no real flavor and will take on the flavor of whatever you mix them with or sauce you use.	Great for Pad Thai, stir fry, addition to salad or in soup or broth.		HIGHLY RECOMMEND Thai Kitchen Thin Rice Noodles
0,Love the product
0,YUM!!
0,Works!
0,I love these style floss picks --- I couldn't find them in wholesale clubs. the Pick is thin, and floss is think, so easy to use. I think they are safer than other more solid ones.  Other brand toothpicks are more solid and duraable, but sometime causes bleeding.
0,Too good tasting kids ate them all too fast! :)
0,Good thanks
0,This is a good pantry item. I usually make my own, but caught short one night kids bringing home company. Must say it wwnet over well, no complaints and so convenient,  I do like mine much better, but this comes very close.
0,Good product, lousy Pantry shipping -- had to clean honey off almost everything in the shipping box.
0,good
0,Always ready for candy coated pieces.
0,I'm not normally a fan of bottled tea, let alone bottled sweetened tea, but this Honest Tea Honey Green Tea doesn't have that cloyingly sweet taste that many brands do.  It has 13 grams of sugar and 50 calories, with no artificial sweeteners, per 12 ounce serving.  Although I generally drink water and plain green tea during the day, I like this for a burst of flavor in a thirst-quenching drink for a change of pace.  Usually, it's much more cost-effective to buy in this 59-ounce bottles than to buy individual serving bottles (those come in 16-ounce servings), but you should compare prices, just in case.		-- Debbie Lee Wesselmann
0,I'm a believer in Bounce keeping mosquitos away. Plus, it eliminates static cling.
0,Quick, Easy and perfect for us retired folks with few mouths to feed. They're yummy and the perfect number of muffins for breakfast.
0,Just as expected.
0,Both of my sons have multiple food allergies. My oldest has 22 different food allergies! This is the only flour we have found that makes good bread that taste like store bread! It is delicious and we love it.
0,Son likes it really well
0,Great, fewer than I would have liked.
0,good value
0,Great price and product!!
0,I have been using these for years. I have a toilet that sometimes needs 2 flushes and this keeps the water from getting skanky if a visitor (or my husband) misses that 2nd flush.
0,I have very dry skin and it worked so good for me, I purchased this one for my sister.	Very please with both purchases and price was lower than other places I looked.
0,I really like this toothpaste
0,As expected
0,Nice variety of sizes.  Sticks good, almost too good - they are hard to get off!  Clear so they aren't so ugly. Non-stick pad is great on the wound area.
0,Continuous and consistent use of this product works very well. Only giving it 4 stars because I'm not done with it yet. Like all ingredients you put  INSIDE your body (in a perfect world) care about your skin,  considering just WHAT ingredients you apply TO your skin. There are TONS of beauty supplies out there, but if you're not familiar with what's in it (or can't pronounce it without googling it) chances are it's probably not good for you.	.For generations, I've found Neutrogena to be one of the more reliable beauty products out there.
0,Good to go +++
0,The flavors are wonderful, especially the French Vanilla. Vitamins in what tastes like a milkshake.  How better can it get??
0,Ilike it
0,this one has a rich bold flavor.  My husband like this one for first thing in the morning. It is a bracing coffee that really wakes him up.  Personally for me it is too strong but if you like very strong coffee this is a great one according to my husband.
0,Love these on my cereal and the fact that they are small and last longer than a 32 oz. carton which, if not used daily, goes bad.
0,These are very good, especially when warmed for a few seconds in the microwave. A very tasty way to get fiber and feel satisfied between meals, these bars make a great snack.	I admit, I don't get to eat a 'real' breakfast very often, but when I eat one of these as a breakfast substitute, I don't feel hungry till right before lunch (usually), and they are just plain yummy.	Fiber One has several different flavors of these soft bars now, and all the ones I have tried have been very good. Mom, son, and hubby all agree.	Yum!
0,soft and cheap, that's what I use and need. Doesn't rub the nose raw or make it turn red with constant wiping. Soft for baby's nose too.
0,Great price and fast delivery
0,Love this water
0,DELICIOUS.  And at more than $1.00 less than at my local store, I'm happy to buy more through Prime Pantry.  The screw cap made this super convenient and it tastes much better than the usual canned tomato soup.
0,glad that there are no fritos in this variety pack.
0,As you would expect!
0,yum
0,its starbucks,,, doesnt that say it all
0,Like this brand alot
0,My favorite canola oil!  Fits the bill for all my recipes.
0,Good price on reliable product.
0,Awesome variety of tasty teas!! Delicious!
0,love these!!!
0,Excellent clumping and odor control. Only negative, its a little dusty. Box is convenient to use.
0,We use the loose English breakfast tea at home in our tea pot, and we also carry the tea bags around with us to make sure that we get this tea anytime we want it. Many restaurants have no idea what "english breakfast tea" is, and we are lucky if there is a traditional "lipton" type black tea bag available.
0,You get a good amount of salt for the value.
0,I love Oreos I was the only one in my family that like chocolate, hard to believe.  One brother liked lemon, one cherry.  But my grandmother made all three when we visited.
0,Too soapy.
0,I have ordered these several times and picked up at the grocery.  Even if I was not gluten sensitive, I would keep on purchasing.  These are terrific.
0,What I expected
0,My favorite!
0,huge bottle of shampoo, packaged well during shipping process, will not leak, great product, smells good
0,great price delivered to the door
0,They help the dryness of my mouth
0,Great!
0,The lightly salted are the best!!
0,I love my tape dispenser! Amazing! It works wonderfully! I'd recommend it to family, friends and colleagues. A++! Thank you!
0,What a find.  I love Oreos.  Have loved them since I was little.  Delicious, crunchy and taste like the same Oreo cookies with less calories. I could still dunk them in milk and enjoy that cream center.  Will purchase again and recommend to others.
0,Love it!
0,Do I really need to say anything else?
0,Goes great after using the shampoo. It's not too heavy or greasy and just leaves your hair feeling so soft and silky!
0,I mix this with the bean dip to give it a kick. I love it by itself or mixed with other food. I even put it on macaroni, and boy, talk about a Mac and Cheese with a kick. There is so many things you can do with it other then just dip. Use your imagination. Arrived on time.
0,Good robust flavor.
0,I had some issues with bowel movements and I think it's because I don't eat a lot of veggies. These pills really helped my bathroom game and took things to the next level. Now every morning I drink some coffee and I'm off the races.
0,Used in my soup	Very good
0,Ingredients: Couscous (Precooked Semolina), Mushrooms, Autolyzed Yeast Extract, Salt, Onions, Garlic, Natural Flavors, Parsley, Thyme, Spices, Rosemary, Turmeric Spice Which Imparts Color.		While like most quick fix boxed products this could have been flavorless but the couscous was light and fluffy with mild herb taste, The mushrooms were few but in using this product a second time I used sliced mushrooms lightly brazed in butter and garlic. Base product is great for a quick and tasty side dish.		Nutrition Facts		Serving Size 56 G	Servings Per Container 3	Amount Per Serving	Calories 190	Calories From Fat 10	% Daily Value	Total Fat 1 G 1	Saturated Fat 0 G 0	Trans Fat 0 G	Cholesterol 0 Mg 0	Sodium 580 Mg 24	Total Carbohydrate 40 G 13	Dietary Fiber 3 G 10	Sugars 1 G	Protein 8 G	Vitamin A 2	Vitamin C 2	Calcium 2		(-) Information is currently not available for this nutrient.	* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs:**	** Percent Daily Values listed below are intended for adults and children over 4 years of age. Foods represented or purported to be for use by infants, children less than 4 years of age, pregnant women, or lactating women shall use the RDI's that are specified for the intended group provided by the FDA.	Calories: 2,000 2,500	Total Fat Less than 65g 80g	Sat. Fat Less than 20g 25g	Cholesterol Less than 300mg 300mg	Sodium Less than 2400mg 2400mg	Potassium 3500mg 3500mg	Total Carbohydrate 300g 375g	Dietary Fiber 25g 30g	Calories per gram:
0,My favorite colors. Can't go wrong with these.
0,Taste just like green tea, it's awesome
0,tasty..
0,I gave this product a try so I could free up some space in the laundry cabinet---my gallon jug of bleach was taking up too much room! I always use bleach and hot water for my all-white laundry loads, and with regular liquid I get good results that way. I like the convenience of using these crystals---I just dump them straight into the drum---but I'm not completely convinced that they whiten the clothes as effectively as liquid bleach.		I haven't ever been particularly scientific about using liquid bleach or these crystals, so it's certainly possible that I am adding very different amounts to the laundry load. I haven't quite finished up this bottle so hopefully by the end I'll know for sure whether this stuff is really a good laundry alternative to the liquid.
0,Yummeh. Soon good.....
0,easy to use and tastes good
0,Really nice single serving sizes and love the mix of flavors
0,Ziploc is the best in storage bags.  They thick, well-made, and can be reused.  I buy three different sizes and use them for every type of storage (food, rubber bands, nails, crayons, etc)
0,These are regular oats, take about five minutes on stove top or 3 in the microwave. They are bulk bags, so you will need to repackage after opening unless your making huge batches or cookies. The bags seem slightly vacuum packed so they are good until you open. Oats tastes fresh and they are just oats, no added ingredients.
0,Good Coffee .  Great Price.  Ihave no complaints.  I have a whole lot of coffee here!!
0,Products just as described, exactly what I wanted.
0,My 2 year old grandson loves the taste which makes giving him his daily vitamin much easier.
0,Tasty
0,I start feeling anxious if we get down to less than half a bottle - especially in the summertime. Between grandkids, dogs, and clumsy me, we use a lot of this stuff! I fill a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Clear-Fine-Mist-Spray-Bottle-2-Oz-Set-of-3/dp/B01LYWBGG1/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Clear Fine Mist Spray Bottle- 2 Oz-Set of 3</a>&nbsp;with this & keep it in the first aid kit for the furry ones; another one is in my gardening shed.
0,Works great , great price
0,Good product for color treated hair.
0,Great Detergent, at a great valve.
0,They are GREAT!!!!
0,I get in a lot of bloody bar fights and these come in handy. Not recommended for penetrating knife wounds.
0,nice variety of low cal popcorn.
0,Old classic - will help you pooop if that's an issues. Tastes terrible though
0,Tastes good but flavor is a little strong.
0,as promised
0,Warm comfort food, little salty
0,Great daily moisturizer with SPF, have been using for a few years.
0,Annie's Homegrown Honey Bunny Grahams are a favorite in this crazy house. The tiny little bunnies are packed with flavor, without being overly sweet. I pack them in my kids' lunches and also use them as an after school snack. Amazon's Prime Pantry makes it easy peasy, delivered right to my door at a better price than my semi-local grocery store! The dates have all been good, plenty of time before they expire, not that they last that long around here anyway!
0,Gotta have that bitter lemon!
0,This particular Downy infusion Luguud Fabric Softener is my favorite of them all. I wish I were able to clearly describe it's wonderful scent but I wouldn't be able to do it justice. I've purchased it many times and I  strongly recommend it others.
0,Fast Shipping at a good price
0,These fruit bowls are perfect to throw in my daughters lunchbox or as a snack during the day.  Sometimes she eats them for breakfast.  I love that they are mixed in 100% fruit juice and not high fructose corn syrup.
0,These stay on even if wet
0,I love double stuff Oreos!!  Sometimes, I have a hard time just eating 2-3 when I have the whole bag in front of me, so this is a perfect solution because there are only 3 in each pack.  Just grab one, and leave the others in the pantry!!
0,Exactly as described
0,Flash cards
0,Tasty
0,Easily the best Tuna helper flavor around!
0,Product as described. Delivery was prompt
0,Great for a quick breakfast or to keep in my purse for long days where dinner/lunch isn't going to be one time.  Healthier then the dollar menu drive thru items :)
0,Yup these are yummy, salty and good.
0,very tasty
0,good price
0,I love it
0,Simply handy to have around.  There are times when power is out and so it's better to toss a bowl than to try to wash one with reserved, emergency water supplies.  They don't leak and are pretty sturdy.
0,Great
0,My favorite candy bar.
0,Not bad
0,Love these bags. I use them for everything not just freezer.
0,Exactly like what you'd find in the store. Durable container with pour out top on lid. I use it in anything that I want a kick in- soups, pasta, meat dishes, etc.
0,They're oats! With which to make oatmeal-raisin cookies. And oatmeal. And even oatmeal bread!
0,great and healthy snack
0,a staple for my pantry
0,Nice bulk and nice size
0,I really like it, much better then Traders Joe's. Only problem is not on Amazon any longer.
0,Good product. Will use again.
0,just great and addictive!
0,yummy
0,Just the right size for a quick, light snack
0,Tasty rice cakes.
0,Can't beat the price on this great toothpaste....definitely works for sensitive teeth...A+++++
0,Everything is better with Kosher salt.  Especially nice on smashed roasted potatoes.  I love the huge grains in some dishes but also like that it is easy crushed  between the fingers when sprinkling to make a very fine powder.
0,Would recommend
0,I never knew such a thing existed! I won't ever cook with out these again. Clean up is amazing.no scrubbing or soaking just pick up the bag throw away and do a quick wash on the slow cooker.
0,When I travel internationally, I take food with me to keep cost down.  This was a tasty light meal that didn't require refrigeration, until after being opened.  It definitely was not filling like a meal but contained enough to cure my hunger while on-the-go!  I've tried other varieties too and they were equally good.  I highly recommend!
0,I use these almost exclusively as I am GF and DF, these are very versatile!
0,works well
0,This was very flavorful.
0,My faves! always stay where they are supposed to. Excellent!
0,Great deal for tons O' tuna. Tuna casserole is one of my 'go to' dinners when I'm in a rush. Also, this tuna makes excellent 'tuna cakes'. Great value and no dented cans.
0,good
0,This smells so good!  I have hardwood floors throughout my house and have a few area rugs.  I like to use this for those rugs to freshen them up.  I have cats so the rugs are definitely not the freshest all of the time.  This is perfect and such a great price for how much you get.
0,Snack I like.
0,I use it for so much, so it's nice to have a big package for less frequent buying
0,Great for college care pack
0,Great!
0,i don't like not knowing if toothpaste has a screw or flip top. This one is a flip top. The paste doesn't get all gunky and make a mess like some do. I'm pleased with the performance of the toothpaste. My mouth is clean!
0,yum
0,20 Count Frito Lay Variety Sack, Flavor Mix, is a mix of your favorite Frito Lay flavors!  And just a snackin' amount so you don't over do it.	 My kit had 3 (three) LAY'S Sour Cream & Onion Potato Chips, 3 (three) LAY'S Barbecue Potato Chips, 4 (four) CHEETOS Crunchy Cheese Snacks, 3 (three) DORITOS Spicy Nacho Tortilla Chips, 4 (four) DORITOS COOL RANCH Tortilla Chips, & 3 (three) FRITOS Chili Cheese Corn Chips.  All of these are 1 oz bags.  Granted, these thing are great for you, or me, or any one for that matter, to eat, but some times you just get that hankering for throw back snacks from your youth.  That is what is perfect about this variety pack, you have just enough in each bag to satisfy that craving, with out eating too much and destroying your insides.  I bought these specifically for a summer party get together.  I like to provide all finger food when hosting in the hot weather.  I provide foods that can be eaten with fingers to prevent me from having to dirty silver ware, or buy plastic ware, both of which are a waste.  By going with this variety pack, my guests have plenty of options, and whatever is left over I can stash for future cravings and they don't go stale!  These can be great for trips with the family, parties, to go stuff, picnics, etc.
0,Great price and good product, especially if you are trying to lose weight.
0,even thought I have not received this product my daught bought some from Walmart and i tried it and I loved it.  Can't wait for my order to to get here
0,Item as described.
0,Big box in less price!
0,This is the best-tasting bottled iced tea out there.  My son loves green tea and likes the combination of lemon, oranges, and limes.  I can not keep enough in the house especially on these hot summer days.
0,Great flavor. Top 10 pop tart for real
0,Works great.
0,These work!
0,Taste great
0,Good order
0,Ok
0,Great eco-friendly product.  Love the foam!
0,Like to have this on hand
0,Great for tea or coffee... Keeps for years.
0,Who would have known that biscuits and gravy would make a great chip?!  These are absolutely the best!  I know they've come up with some wonky flavors lately but the biscuits and gravy is pretty great.
0,Great Product!
0,These are really tasty and not dry. No pasty taste or texture left in your mouth.
0,Very good taste, will buy again.
0,I really like these for hydration without all the calories. The grape flavor	is there without being too much. The electrolytes are a necessary part	of the product for me. Love the taste and convenience.
0,Yummy perfect!
0,I like to marinate my steaks the night before in the refrigerator.  I used this in conjunction with a liquid steak marinade and the steaks came out tasting great!  I was expecting a little more "spiciness" but with that said, it definitely enhanced the flavor of the steak!
0,I love the combination of sweet and salty flavored whole grains and nuts. Great to be able to buy them from Prime Pantry cheaper than WalMart and with no tax or shipping or store crowds.
0,Son likes this one
0,Yummy and a great price
0,Yummmmm - so good.  Nice as take along to work etc.
0,love these
0,This works wonders no more persperation
0,These are the best crackers and I'm going to order another box right now
0,This is my go to cleaner. I cant use anything else. I always go back! It smells great and cleans really well!
0,I love Press and Seal. It comes off the roll so smoothly and I cover my leftovers quickly and thoroughly. My food stays sealed and fresh until it is all eaten and completely gone.
0,Sure does help with room odor.
0,Can't go wrong with this price.
0,Great snack to pack for road trips
0,5stars
0,Always use this for tough to clean clothes
0,Not sure how to really review these? They work..
0,Great product which I use as a delicious and filling snack.  The strawberry is my second favorite with vanilla being my favorite and chocolate my third favorite.
0,always good to have on hand.  really good as is.
0,Works as advertised
0,I like the price and its good.
0,Great water
0,Zesty and cheesy. The ranch flavor is quite pronounced, yet the cheese still stands up to it.
0,good
0,Like the white cheddar.
0,Smells good.  Leaves a great clean scent.  The powder easily sucks back up into the vacuum cleaner.
0,good
0,Love this brand. Cleans well and reasonable price
0,Taste great.
0,I like it
0,yummy!!
0,Yumm! These are great. I hadn't had them in years and picked them up while trying to fill up my prime pantry box - I'd buy again. My only hesitation is they're not organic. That said, I trust Annie's and think they're a great brand.
0,Hot chocolate tastes good on a cold night. It's easy to just add as much as you want out of a can rather than use individual envelopes.
0,Bought this for my 15 year old because she loves mac n' cheese.  She said it's better than Velveeta.
0,a little sharper tasting than i expected for a honey added mustard but overall not bad at all and went just fine with my Rhode island hotdogs (similar to Chicago dogs but without all the fanfare which drive up the prices).
0,reliable brand of pasta for your needs. cooks well and also freezes well if left over!
0,i like how it cook
0,MMMM - soda
0,these are good but deluxe is better!
0,Super impressed with size and price. Delicious. Will buy again
0,I'm usually not a fan of standard K-Cups as I've always thought they made a weak flavor, but these actually produce a surprisingly good quality tea.
0,VERY nice body lotion and fragrance is very gentle and not overpowering at all.
0,This cereal gives me life
0,These are very easy to make and they are so good! They come with a velveeta cheese packet to make your hash browns extra cheesy!
0,I don't know many differences between olive oils but this by far has been the best for cooking.  Very thick and has a great flavor.  The can also has an authentic look to it, I leave it on my counter to serve as decoration and easy to access while cooking.
0,Wow! Wonderful is an understatement! I do not typically like white chocolate, but I LOVE this peanut butter!
0,The brand I currently use, better than a lot of high end brands, cleans my hair and scalp nicely and reduce a lot hair lose, I can tell my hair doesn't fall off as much when I wash them.
0,So good and better for you than chips.
0,ok
0,This costs a little more than regular Heinz, but I like it. It tastes great on hamburgers & can be used as a base for homemade BBQ sauce. I don't have issues with this product being watery. When mixed with Kewpie, it makes a great "special sauce" for breakfast sandwiches.
0,These Always Xtra Protection Daily Liners are just what they say....a little extra protection.  I like the Long version of these, as I think as a normal size woman, it just fits the entire center of my underwear better.  I don't like to feel the edge of a panty liner, that can be annoying.  These are also great if you think you might start your period, or are at the very end, and just want a little protection in case you have a spot or two.  They have been a stand by of mine for more years than I can count.  They smell fresh and are easy to place and replace if you need to, without losing their adhesiveness backing.  There are usually coupons you can print out for these as well to make them even more economical.  Amazon has had a great price for these and I got free shipping in March.  Score!  Thanks for reading my review and[...]
0,Item was as described and fast shipping too.
0,MY FAVORITE CEREAL TO PUT INTO MY PLAIN GREEK YOGURT FOR BREAKFAST.  IT HAS JUST THE RIGHT AMOUNT OF ALMONDS AND TASTES TERRIFIC. I'VE TRIED MANY CEREALS BUT AS FOR SUGAR % AND NUTRITION IT IS PERFECT.
0,as expected
0,Sure, I can get these things at the supermarket, but lugging this stuff up all the stairs where I live is no fun.  Downy is a decent product, makes laundry soft and less static-y, nice soft smell as well.  I do not use it on towels, because it seems to decrease absorbency.
0,bueno
0,My little chiweenie loves these but they're so expensive in stores I don't always get them for her. This size is great and the resealable bag is excellent but it's the price that sold me. From now on I'll get these through Amazon only!
0,great
0,These are easy to spruce up and make a meal from.
0,Great Product
0,great
0,As expected
0,So easy to make and the bread is the best.
0,I use these in my shower and on my walls. My children like to write on walls. Fortunately Mr. Clean scrubbers are designed for this sort of thing. My walls are clean and I'm happy. Great product.
0,The eye drops are so helpful for my eyes.  They work wonderfully.
0,Great price
0,This can of peanuts was pretty small and hot so it didn't last long around our house.
0,I use this bread flour for my bread machine- it calls for bread flour and I order this on Amazon Prime- Love
0,Yummy and in great shape when they arrived.  Pantry is fantastic!  My 3rd order and not a single complaint!
0,Old Girl Scout- love them.
0,Great lunch-sized item.
0,like them too much
0,very good
0,It's toilet paper
0,Not much to say about ketchup.
0,Mmmhmm
0,I've reviewed a couple potato chips before, but never Ritz chips, so here goes.....These are pretty good.  The salty, buttery combination marries beautifully with the delectably crispy baked-to-perfection cracker.  Cuddle up with a movie, a blanket, and these......you won't regret it.
0,Those are actually pretty good. They come in three flavors and we liked two out of the three. We didn't like the pizza flavor but overall good product and I love the fact it's baked. I wanna buy it again but the pizza flavor will go to waste. That's the only reason I gave it four stars and not five.
0,Nice!
0,Good product and a good price.
0,My #1 Go to cereal, healthy not to high in sugar compared. The kids love them too.
0,My toothbrush is easy to handle. The brush is just right, not to hard or soft. It is quiet. No interruptions of power. I didn't notice any whitening though.
0,awesome!!
0,Love it.  Great deal and great product.
0,I am a little more then in love with seventh generations baby wipes. They are super strong and feel like a cloth rather then a baby wipe, we have been using them whenever I have extra money, because they are expensive but totally worth it. I have never had them break or had any issues with my son breaking out, and the packaging is amazing. I love the fact that it looks like an actual wipe holder instead of the disposable pack. They are small enough that I can carry them in the diaper bag, and I end up using less because they are better quality wipes.
0,I have been using this in a recipe that I found that uses egg replacement in the ingredients.  It has worked fine since I have been using it.
0,really good
0,Awesome price. Thanks
0,Yum. Yum. Yum. These nuts will not disappoint. The perfect smokehouse flavor and salted the exact amount
0,Gotta have these for your routine a must for every bathroom
0,I like this liquid concealer better than a stick for more thorough coverage that does not smudge off.
0,Peanut butter is my favorite
0,Great!
0,like them tasty....
0,I think these smell nice and generally, the trash can smells nicer than it usually does.  I think the Odor Shield is really just for human noses though, because both my dog and the neighborhood raccoon still seem to know what's in the trash.
0,Suggested by my doctor years ago.  They work so well for me.
0,The good: A very nice, light and pleasant smell. Not overpowering in any way, not a chemical smelling fragrance.		The bads: Doesn't make a huge difference.		This sort of solves three problems (1) Kid smell (2) Dog smell (3) A very expensive yet somehow ineffective (at times) dryer.		I was looking for something that would make the clothes smell fresh even when the dog or kid smell might linger. Another thing I wanted was something that would cover up the fact that my dryer leaves a bit of dampness in the clothes.  This does the trick 90% of the time. However, when there's too much dampness in the clothes the smell is too subtle to cover that up.		I gave it five stars because the smell is really, really nice. It's one of the first times I've liked a 'Downy' type of smell. I'm fairly adverse to the smell most laundry detergents or cleaning products. This one actually smells natural.
0,The first thing you notice when the safety seal is broken is the smell.	Not the dusty smell of grocery store sage, but a fresh, clean, and inviting herbal scent.	I love traditional stuffing but prefer not to eat meat. I used this to make my cornbread stuffing and could tell the difference. No one guessed that it didn't contain any chicken or turkey, it was just fresh and good.		Organic but not expensive.	I found that I can use less because it has more flavor. Any dry herb will lose flavor with each passing month. This smells so fresh I wouldn't be surprised if it was still usable in a few years.
0,very yummy
0,Handy for travel or camping, and while not the healthiest cereal it's not the worst by a long shot.  Great taste that almost everyone will like, so a good brand to keep on hand.
0,Great product, it did its job.
0,Made these for a birthday party.  Everyone loved them.
0,very nice and easy to use.
0,I wish these came in larger package sizes.  If you have several young ladies in your home, you obviously go through these quickly.  These are the perfect size for young girls.  Nice product!
0,mix with my yogurt, good taste, fresh
0,:-)
0,Delicious! I love song vinegar flavor. Salt and vinegar almonds are much healthier than salt vinegar chips. They are crunchy and yummy!
0,nice
0,Item arrived as described		Delicious!!!
0,Absolutely love this stuff!
0,I like most of the KIND cereals I have gotten and they are pretty tasty.
0,Taste good.
0,GREAT
0,As Advertised
0,Delicious!  A+++ Seller  thank you!!
0,Excellent
0,kids love this pasta. easy to make and delicious
0,With three cats, this is essential!  Only the best!
0,MINTY FRESH!
0,Excellent product-gets the job done!!!!
0,Classic old fashioned split pea soup. Great taste.
0,Awesome flavor; mesquite with a hint of maple.
0,they help
0,Husband loves these!
0,Great product, my office loves these!
0,GREAT EVERYDAY CONDITIONER
0,Tasty
0,These walnuts are great for snacking or for pies. I sometimes use them to top green salads. They taste good and have a variety of uses. These arrived in good shape and were not crumbly or full of dust.
0,Perfect for school lunches!
0,one of my favs and a regular purchase
0,Softer good smelling clothes and reasonable price.
0,Delicious
0,my husband loves these and the price was great.
0,ok
0,delish!
0,good price, fast shipping
0,My daughter loves these, and so do I - they taste just like Teddy Grahams, but they're organic and all-natural.
0,Flavorful and you don't need a spoon to use it.
0,Awesome  stocking stuffers.  Great price.
0,Mt.  Dew in tiny cans.  Everyone wins.
0,I use these for on the go and I love it!
0,This is a tasty, healthy cereal with little sugar.
0,Crackers taste great and fresh.
0,Can't just eat one serving...nope...love it!
0,I've been using this product for 30+ years to keep our  septic tank working well.  Thanks Amazon for carrying this product at a reasonable price
0,Tastes great! I will buy again.
0,Great for anything.
0,My grandchildren loved these.
0,So many uses for these. Had to cancel subscribe and save due to getting too many on hand.
0,Love this multi-purpose cleaner! Does not have an over powering smells and gets the job done.
0,Ok
0,thank you for shipping good deal!
0,Very tasty, good snack size.
0,pleased with them
0,Great product at a great price.
0,That goose neck bend on the bottle will help you apply the bleach gel to the places where your eyeballs can't see. It turns your toilet to the same aqua color that is on the packaging. The only thing this gel doesn't do...is scrub the bowl. If you follow the directions you should get the results you desire... A clean bowl. Stuff works good. Just comes with a high price.
0,I regularly use the Olay Ultra Moisture beauty bar to wash.  This lotion is an ideal complement for it.  I have other lotions that I prefer, but the need is what dictates which lotion I use.		Skin irritated?  Super dry?  Healing tattoo?  I use Lubriderm:  https://www.amazon.com/Lubriderm-Daily-Moisture-Lotion-Normal/dp/B003JT8PKQ		Want to feel fancy and smell delicious?  I use Zents:  https://www.amazon.com/Zents-Petal-Shea-Butter-Lotion/dp/B0002YLW5Q		You get the idea.  This lotion is good for normal skin, daily use.
0,This stuff smells great, I just feel like the bottle runs out too quickly.
0,Love this water!
0,If you aren't baking brownies by scratch this will do.  They are a really good brownie. I keep one on hand so the grand kids can make some when they are over and I don't want the mess of "by scratch"  I think the value is good too.
0,I Love TIM HORTONS COFFEE, bottom line.  I usually find K-cups arent' as good as regular these Timmy cups come close to Timmy's. Very impressed.
0,Excellent
0,Great-tasting grape soda! What else to say?
0,So nice to have found these gems. Makes clean up so easy esp in my bathroom. Being in Florida after the hurricane, I still have friends that have now power. I'm able to let them shower and do laundry. These make cleaning shower and bathroom a breeze between visitors.
0,Great tea!  Great when I had a cold.  My husband had his cold for 2 weeks and mine was only 2 days.  I drank two of these a day and took vitimon C tabs and cold was over quick and not very severe... maybe my husband is just a bigger baby than I am!  :)
0,Love it!!
0,Is it wrong to say I like mixing this with Vodka?
0,Handy and low calorie fruit when one doesn't want or need to open a large can or purchase fresh produce.  And, it's sweet enough without adding sweetener.
0,Great deal, good stuff!!
0,These are great plain or with salsa or guacamole.
0,I love these potatoes, they really taste great. They are perfect in a pinch for a get ready quick dinner. My family loves them too.
0,REAL GOOD DEAL, EASY TO MAKE AND JUST THE RIGHT SIZE FOR 2 PEOPLE
0,Delicious gluten free brownies.  I do add a little extra water.
0,Purchased through prime pantry. Great value. Arrived on time and as described.
0,Good, packaged well, tastes fesh.
0,Everything was exactly as described. A+
0,excellent product
0,always a favourite great price on Amazon
0,matched the description
0,The best soap out there especially for kids with sensitive skin!
0,great taste
0,I ordered this product through Amazon's Prime Pantry. They arrived perfectly intact and fresh and overall I felt like I got a good deal with these.		As for the chips themselves, they are what they are. Some flavors I personally like more than others. I did remember from these how good Fritos and Cool Ranch Doritos are.
0,Nothing beats these for additions to foods or as snacks.	We would be lost without French's Fried Onions. They are great, great, great!
0,Great product. Will purchase again.
0,Great product.  Really get's everything off!
0,knew what I had coming, product used before.
0,Works well
0,Good price.
0,Good flavor, good texture, just doesn't last long.  But that is to be expected because it is not loaded with the garbage of most gums.
0,I need extra fiber in my diet and this is one of the products that make it easier, it is quite good flavorwise and contains plenty of fiber.
0,You can't go wrong with Frito Lay .  Their products have been top notch since the company started . And the Sun chip items are great also . What would a family gathering be without inviting at least a few bags from this brand . Keep up the great products . !
0,I love these.
0,I love this product.  Makes cleaning up a breeze.  I wake up looking for thing I can do with this item.
0,Applesauce loving grandsons enjoy this.
0,This is the best rice and it cooks very quickly and is extremely creamy.  It is a favorite at our home.
0,Tasty
0,Nothing too exciting to write...but does the job!
0,Good soup, even better if you add chunks of ham :-)
0,Love these
0,good with cheese
0,we have very hard water, and this works so well in our dishwasher, smells good too.
0,A real goody, BUT IT AIN'T FOR DIABETICS!!!!!
0,gift
0,Yummo!!!
0,No complaints! Bought for my purse. Haven't had to use it yet.
0,Love the smell
0,We used to live in Italy for more than 2 years. My Italian friends would always use Barilla brand pasta when they had guests for dinner. Unlike the US grocery stores, the markets in Italy literally have multiple long aisles of pasta... different brands and different shapes. I soon learned that you are supposed to match the shape of the pasta with the style of sauce that it will be mixed with. It's rather scientific.
0,I have the T-Fal ActiBread Bread Machine and this bread flour makes fantastic homemade bread.	This bread flour is made out of NON-GMO Wheat and it is unbleached, it isn't bromulated and it is high in protein.	Not to mention that it makes great tasting bread and it is economical.
0,Ver unique taste best served very cold. It is very refreshing must be a mint lover. It is not an artificial mint flavor it is a fresh muted mint flavor. I'd you would have steeped the mint and nit muddled it. Hmm may be great with some rum as an easy tea mojito!
0,Smells amazing and great value!
0,Love the stuff. Buy some Tums or Prevacid...HAHA
0,I love Mrs Meyers products, especially these fabric softeners. Theyre concentrated, so a little goes a long way. But I add extra for bigger jobs like sheets and towels. Their fragrances are from the garden and not the factory. Good stuff.
0,Great old fashion tasting pop tarts.
0,A GO=TO FOR ENERGY MID AFTERNOON --- WHILE OTHERS IN THE FAMILY LIKE FOR BREAKFASt!
0,I pan seared some chicken, and added it to this. It was amazing. Good stuff.
0,Every time I take a shower it leave an aroma of perfume
0,What can I say about Dawn! Been using it for years and it is always good. Works great and has many different uses other than washing dishes.
0,Good price for extra protein, the flavor is not altered.
0,These are delicious. I love banana. I love Honey Nut Cheerios. This is the perfect blend. The banana flavor is light and mild. You get just a hint of it. And these are actually less sweet than Honey Nut Cheerios which, as it turns out, I actually prefer. My two year old toddler likes these too and they are perfect as a snack and on the go. I haven't seen this at my local store yet but it's really convenient to get it on Amazon via Amazon Prime Pantry. I will definitely be adding this to my regular cereal rotation from now on.
0,Really like this one, not as harsh than some of the others
0,Arrived quickly, accurately described and tastes good.
0,these are quite delicious!  I was a bit hesitant when I saw it was multi-grain (not a fan of the texture), but was pleasantly surprised!  I almost ate the entire bag myself!
0,Yummy... I'll be buying more of this.
0,puts the apple back in pie, best pie ever......
0,great
0,Mott's is SO much better than that generic garbage I've been buying from Walmart! It's a little chunky and thicker and much more delicious! My 8 year old and I eat ours with our pork. Sometimes we get grandma's homemade applesauce but for the times in between, we'll be eating Mott's! This is a good price too!
0,I love this product and buy multiple bottles at a time. Smells great and cleans even better!
0,Not the healthiest but good.
0,I have been eating Motts Applesauce my entire life.  It is the only brand I ever loved.	Now I always have at least 4-6 packs of these in the house.  They taste great and have no sugar added.	I also love to have it with chicken...just taste great together. ;-)		They make a nice quick snack or if I am in a rush in the morning, I will just eat one of these, if I don't want a breakfast bar. Great product!
0,Very good! If it wasn't so many carbs I would buy lots more of them! :)
0,Works great!
0,My son loves it
0,Yum!
0,I love alba products and wanted to give this a try. My hair was smooth and didn't seem greasy or heavy, but I did think the scent was odd.  Did not work well as a detangler.
0,Easy to make and taste great. Overall King Arthur sells really good products at a reasonable price.
0,Best mouthwash
0,Wish I had invented Swiffer product line.  Always does the job.
0,Good occasional snack.
0,Almost as good as homemade
0,great product
0,Great purchase.
0,Works so good I use them to clean my back splash which is tile no soap just water and  no need to dry
0,Good
0,favorite flavor
0,Perfect for a quick lunch for my kids. The big can allows perfect portions for the two of them.
0,I'm obsessed with these guys. These wipes are good quality and they smell nice. I wash the counters then go over it with these wipes to disinfect anything left behind. They leave my sink nice and shiny and no left over marks. The towels are strong enough to scrub food off counter or stove and they don't rip, it might be a little difficult to rip. They have a good amount of wipes per bottle but since I use so many they run out fast, so I get the 3 pack.
0,very good for side dish
0,The kids loved them.
0,Arrived on time and looks exactly as described on the listing.
0,I am inclined to report that the crackers are terrible just in case they read my review and want to raise the prices.  If they do, I will just buy more, I do not care what they cost.  They are sooo good and a departure from the typical snacky type of cracker being composed of taters. They are nicely seasoned and very light.  They barely will stand up to a spread and a cheese slice almost overwhelms them.  However, even alone they are delightful. You must try a box, and if you don't absolutely love it, forward the remainder to me!
0,GOOD.
0,good
0,Great tasting lite coffee. Amazon prime often carries the product for much less than in our grocery stores.  Thanks, Amazon!
0,nice grahams
0,Good pasta
0,Love it!
0,Crispy and good taste.
0,The sodium nitrate re hardens enamel. If your mouth gums, or tounge get irritated, or sores pop up it may be time to switch to an SLS free toothpaste. Sodium Lauryl Sulfate is a foaming agent that's used in all non natural or non sensitive toothpastes. It is a powerful irritant, and is a mouth culprit for pain, redness, and ulcers. This will go a long way towards your goal of a pain free mouth.
0,Tasty
0,Delicious!
0,The cats really like them.
0,In a handy convenience  package you can place  in the microwave  and heat up. Comes with a reusable lid you can refrigerate the leftovers for later. Cheesy and spicy.
0,great
0,Clean scent Dove is the out of the shower fresh feeling that gives you an all day clean scent. It works well with cirtus and wood colognes. It doesnt overwhelm and works jointly as a deodorant and antiperspirant. It blocks sweat underarm and works in avoiding staining.
0,Best thing since sliced Bread.
0,Barilla always has the best pasta and turns out perfect every time. We made this with a marinara sauce and the kids loved it.
0,Love to use this stuff on meat and vegetables.
0,The best cereal out there
0,timely delivery, as advertised
0,I've tried several different brands of instant mashed potatoes over the years, and found none of them to be that great.  I mean, they were an OK substitute when I didn't want to go to the trouble to make homemade mashed potatoes, but they weren't very satisfying, either.  I'd come to the conclusion that no one could make really good instant mashed potatoes -- something about the processing required, etc.		Well, I've changed my mind.  These Butter Golden Selects are the BEST instant mashed potatoes I've tried, and they're actually better than a lot of homemade mashed potatoes I've had, too.  Each packet makes two generous servings, and they are truly "instant" mashed potatoes.  Just add the packet to 2 cups of boiling water, stir, cover, let stand for 5 minutes, fluff with a fork, and you'll have amazingly good slightly "chunky" mashed potatoes.		I've made homemade mashed potatoes with Yukon Gold potatoes -- that's what these taste like.  Rich potato flavor with just a hint of butteriness.  I love that there are some small "chunks" of potato in the mix -- really makes them "feel" more like homemade.		I'm totally sold on these.  I may never make homemade mashed potatoes again.  They're really that good!
0,Delicious almonds they arrived in a zip closure bag perfect, also they are whole not bits and pieces but WHOLE there is a huge amount. These almonds are raw which I personally enjoy. I try to eat as much raw items as possible to get the best health value they give. However, if I want I can roast them myself. Many uses they can be dipped chocolate, decorate cakes, cupcakes, and cookies. I am glad I got to try the Happy Belly Whole California Almonds. I will be obtaining more. I would recommend these to others.
0,CLASSIC PRODUCT , GOOD FOR DIET , EXCELLENT FLAVOR .
0,Very good to have on hand for game night -- or any time! I just wish they were a little easier to unwrap.
0,Smells nice, long lasting fresh scent.
0,taste like pepsi
0,It's Dew
0,Great Product
0,it works, the Phoenix has a pleasant, mild fragrance, and the price is great when purchased in this this 2-pack...  can not beat it, in terms of price & performance...	very pleased, Thank you!  :-)
0,Great product.
0,Nice product.  I didn't realize that it only had 2 of the buttered popcorns.  I also didn't realize that one of the popcorn flavors contained maltodextrin, which one of my family members is allergic to.  Check labels if you have allergies to maltodextrin.  All flavors did taste great to me.  Great price.
0,Love them.  I have a hard time keeping some for me
0,Item as described! cvpnj.com
0,these are my favorites
0,I prefer cooking most of my foods from scratch, but when time is short these packages come in handy.
0,What's not to love about Crest toothpaste?  And this new Crest Pro-Health Advanced is the best of the best.  It has a great minty flavor, keeps your breath fresh and clean, and even whitens your teeth while you brush.		I've read that other reviewers thought this was two 8-ounce tubes, but turned out to be two 4-ounce tubes.  If you magnify the boxes shown in the photo, you can see the correct size.  I've also noticed that Crest (or Amazon?) has changed their advertising on the newer entries to say "2 4-oz. tubes."  Very smart!  This alleviates any confusion among buyers.  Even at a total of 8 ounces, this was a good price on Crest Pro-Health.
0,great for small clean ups
0,Arrived in new condition and was an interesting snack assortment.
0,Love the variety
0,Delicious and a healthier version of one of my favorite crackers!
0,Arrived with a long expiration date. Very happy with this purchase.
0,Flavor is good, a fair sweetness to it, texture was a bit chewy, but I found It would have needed longer cooking time than was written on the package, likely due to elevation difference where I live, but normal sushi rice I cook comes out perfect based on the instructions on the package. So I'll experiment a bit on the next batch. But I'm happy with the quality and taste, just came out a bit grainy when cooked according to package instructions.
0,I wouldn't buy em if i didn't love em
0,Love this toothpaste.  Teeth & gums are squeaky clean.
0,Great for college care pack
0,Great product
0,I have tried several of the scent booster and this one seems to be the best,
0,Use these around the house for grocery lists, etc.  great product.
0,needed grain free and this price was better than the other brand I was using. She didn't seem to notice,
0,very good
0,These have to be bad for me because they taste so good (and blue is my favorite color)
0,Taste is subjective,  some people will like these, some won't.	They are not sickly sweet like some breakfast bars or granola bars. Personally, I like that. This is real food, like bran flakes but better.	Crunchy and easy to carry. I like that I can eat one or two biscuits from the pack of 4 and space them out while enjoying morning coffee.
0,great price
0,A favorite snack of the kids in my household!
0,My husband and son love this salsa.  They're not a fan of the chunky texture, so my husband uses a blender to make it smooth.  He also adds in jalapeno slices and some of the juice to give it a kick.
0,This is the best energy drink. No sugar, better for you than Redbull. This is the best flavor.
0,they're crackers they are good and i didn't have to go outside my house to get them
0,What a great taste sensation!  I hope it is back in stock very soon because I want to buy at least six more to keep on hand.  The best BBQ chicken flavor ever and so easy to use.
0,Even though fresh Mandarin oranges are easy to peel,  these Dole fruit bowls are perfect when you only need a very small amount and don't have time to go to the store. Storage doesn't require refrigeration and that's a plus .
0,Very enjoyable.  Difficult to stop eating these.
0,YUMMMMM. Better than chex mix
0,2nd time for ordering this and I will be ordering it again, really delicious
0,they love them
0,Ultra soft and kind to a sore nose. A few less tissues than the standard Kleenex package but worth the additional cost. Will purchase these over any other brand. The nicely attractive packages are an added bonus.
0,Family loves theese shells great product
0,Swiffer dusters.trap the dust. Before dusting turn your thermostat to the "fan" setting and keep the air flowing through your house while dusting. It will pull air particle dust into your filter. Make sure to turn it back to the automatic setting when done with dusting. Works great to pick up the dust and not just putting it into the air. Don't need any polish. This pack has the plastic handle that you insert into each duster on to..When full of dust just throw away and use a new one.
0,What can I say, I like spam. Good to have around.
0,These clean very well without drying and leave no residue. They also smell very fresh and clean.
0,Strong garage bags: does the job.
0,Delicious - love the idea that it is low salt
0,My favorite chicken noodle. Having the excess fat removed doesn't hurt the flavor one little bit
0,I love this product but if you add it to your pantry box expect EVERYTHING to be covered in powder if it gets the smallest bit of damage :( hoping it hasn't ruined anything.		Amazon did give me an instant refund on the damaged box. I love Amazon.		I usually get it at my local grocery store. It works very very well! Its got an intense smell, a good smell just very strong, so a little goes a very long wat. Shake carefully!		Smoker odors, pet odors... Everything! Its great.
0,Good for a quick snack.
0,Yummy!
0,Good for a quick meal, I generally add cooked chicken to satisfy the carnivore.
0,I was quite impressed that these didn't come all mashed up because Pantry does seem to do that quite a bit. This was all nostalgia factor for me. Of course they're fantastic if you really are thinking about the actual taste, but to me, these taste like childhood and I don't feel like they've varied from when I was a kid (as some reviewers have mentioned) so that's enough for me to love them!
0,ReaLemon lemon juice is one product I always have on hand. In fact, I generally keep a couple bottles around, since I don't want to run out of it. I have so many uses for itlemon squares, the lemon-flavored frosting I drizzle on my favorite poundcake, on salmon or other fish, or as a quick and refreshing summertime lemonade (an ounce of lemon juice, sugar to taste, and some ice water). The store brands are typically a few pennies cheaper. But they're not worth the savings. ReaLemon lemon juice has a superior taste, and it's worth the few extra cents it costs per bottle.
0,After reading most of the reviews from bottom of the list, I'd like to comment on some of the comments.  1- Bland taste..... Not everyone like a punch on their tongue when they eat something.  That's me. I cannot eat spicy food so these multigrain & naked are perfect for me. I put things like cheese, hummus, avocado, peanut butter, Nutella, etc. on the plain or multigrain pita. That means I make it just right for me. My husband like this one with the parmesan garlic..........  I liked them too before they added the ranch flavor. All of these Stacy's chips happen to be Kosher. When you get down to the crumbs add them to soup, salad or dips.  To keep them fresh, close the bag tightly & then into the refrigerator.
0,great product
0,Great scent. Nice way to keep things fresh around the house, like the couch or the mattress.
0,Sent as a gift they were highly appreciated, but most of us who have tried Quaker Oats know how good they are at the right time,	The grateful recipient like it very much. 4 Stars.
0,I prefer to keep healthy food bars in my house and car, so when I don't have time for a meal, such as when things are hectic, I can just grab one.  I love peanut butter, and this fits the bill.		I have tried many alternative bars, and this is one of the better ones, especially when you consider the ingredients.		These are compact little bars so they easily fit in a pocket, a purse, briefcase or even glovebox. You never know when your going to need a quick meal. Also, the price is right at under .50 cents a bar.  Try one at the store before ordering, but you will be back.  Prime Pantry is new, and has been great for me.
0,These plates does the job for me.
0,It's deodorant?  It'll keep you clean.
0,Healthy toothpaste.
0,Nice product, feels soft and smooth on.
0,I was hoping this would be as good as a cup of French Roast straight from McDonald's, but it's not the same. It's not horrible by any means, but if you're looking to brew a carbon copy of McDonald's coffee in your kitchen, this won't do it. Still has a good taste and rich body/flavor, just not necessarily worth paying more for this.
0,Use it for grandkids
0,gave as a gift ----- so I am going to guess it was good. Requested by recipient by name
0,Great Flour!
0,This is a homeopathic cold and cough remedy. It tastes good. Sweet and doesn't taste like most cold and cough medicines. We haven't had a cold to really be able to judge the effectiveness of it yet so I'm not sure how to review it. My review is due and all I can do is review it by taste. I will have to come back to this review and let you know how it worked when one of us actually comes down with a cold. The ingredients are natural homeopathic ingredients which are safe for any age.
0,Love these.  Is there any other?
0,Just purchased this oil to use for scar massage on my son from a recent surgery.  The oil smells lovely and is very smooth.	It absorbed well into his skin and did not leave a sticky residue. I like that the ingredients are natural and that it's a usa made product.
0,Yum
0,Five DISTINCTIVE Stars. This boxed Bumble Bee "Snack on the Run!" comes in a box containing a zip-top small can with 2-3/4 ounces of tuna fish salad, 6 "buttery" round crackers, and a small plastic serving spoon. This tuna salad flavor is distinct from the other Bumble Bee flavors by the addition of garlic & onion, rosemary, and sea salt. The tuna salad also has mayonnaise, celery, and water chestnuts to add a crunch to some bites, all of which tastes very good. This is a snack, not a meal, but it packs a fat, protein, and carb punch. Nutrition Facts for the 1 small can tuna salad & crackers:		-Tuna-220 calories. Total Fat-18 grams: Sat fat-3 grams, Trans fat-0 grams; Cho'esterol-20mg; Sodium-340mg; Total Carbs-7g; Fiber-1g; Protein-6g; Vitamins A & C-2%, Iron & Calcium-4%.		-Crackers-80 calories. Total Fat-3 grams: 0 sat and trans fat.		This is a different, nice-tasting tuna fish salad snack that left this reviewer wanting more. Highly Recommended. Five TASTY Stars.  (Bumble Bee "Snack on the Run", 2.75 ounce/78 gram serving tuna flavored with rosemary, garlic, and sea salt, 6 crackers, and a "convenient spoon".)
0,I'm from Australia, and I'm discovering a whole bunch of "American food"......I LOVE these large sized Quaker chewy granola bars! My American hubby suggested I try them and I've not had anything like this before! The mix of peanut butter and chocolate is like a heavenly treat, and they are a real energy boosting snack - and filling too :)	I love the combo of being chewy, yet having substance and a crunch kind of taste to them as well.....10/10 for this great treat!! I will definitely be buying more!
0,Good!!!!
0,And I like it with less salt. But they should reduce it some more, if possible. It is still saltier than what I like and I eat a lot of salt; I have never cut back on salt for healh reasons; I'm 86 and doing fine.	I like spam with mashed potatoes and southern gravy and some veggies, or just browned in a pan and placed between 2 slices of french bread. With a leaf of lettuce if available, but not necessary.	I have ordered turkey Spam and hope it has less salt than this spam, but whatever, I'm sure it will be good.
0,it's a good lotion but the scent is rather strong and a bit over powering
0,My kids are crazy about these cookies. They are def high quality stuff
0,Best toothpaste I have tried.  I ran out and other toothpaste tastes very harsh.
0,Great nutritional Bars.  I will definitely order these again. They are exactly as described by Nature Valley. They make a wonderful nutritional snack. Packaging A++ and shipping was quick. I would highly recommend these for adults and after school snacks.
0,yummy
0,great
0,I like this product.
0,They could improve on them, but for now, they are the best out there on the market.  I say they could improve because it seems that the blue scrubby side doesn't seem to last very long; at least not as long as it used to.
0,These are good.
0,I am satisfied!
0,Arrived in good condition.
0,Great product
0,bags stays shut BUT very difficult to open was my only problem.
0,satisfying drink
0,Great container for sending your guests home with leftovers from your party
0,Convenient and stay fresh! Love these!
0,good deal
0,dark chocolate with yummy taste
0,Very good peaches in their own juice.  Great snack or even breakfast.
0,As expected
0,Great item for dorm rooms where men's sporting equipment odor is lingering
0,Very good product
0,Cant go wrong with this cereal!!!!
0,I have purchased Skippy Natural Peanut Butter for years. I really like that its only ingredients are roasted peanuts, sugar, palm oil and salt. No hydrogenated oil! Yay!  I feel like this is one of the best peanut butters that I can feed my family. We all love the taste and consistency. This product will continue to be a staple in my pantry.
0,tasty
0,yay
0,I love Happy Belly Roasted and Salted Almonds so much I keep rebutting them...do not want to be without this healthy nut.  I keep these so when anyone needs/wants a quick protein pick me up they reach into bag and have a handful.  These are whole nuts that are beautiful and salty enough to make your mouth water...some days you feel like a NUT...some days you don't.
0,Very good. I have never been into mineral water, but this was a game changer. I drink mineral water all day long now. Can't live without!
0,I don't usually rave about cleaning products, but this stuff is awesome! It smells wonderful, I love to use it to wipe down countertops, mopping, and in the bathroom. The febreze part is noticably strong but it fades slowly over a few days - which I personally like, because there's nothing quite like that freshly cleaned house smell! I'd recommend this to anyone who wants to add a little OOMPH! to their cleaning!
0,it worked good and the price was good
0,Great cereal. I like most cereals that are only lightly sweetened like cheerios and frosted mini-wheats. These are right up my alley! Worth a try for sure if you're like me and enjoy a lightly sweetened cereal.
0,yum yum
0,It is a very good tasting water. Enjoying it
0,Item works as it should. Exactly as described.
0,I order this frequently and reporting each time is redundant.
0,Daughter's fave!
0,They are index cards.
0,Great!
0,the kids love them
0,Tastes good. Mineral taste.
0,My favorite morning, noon or night go to without feeling guilty.
0,So smooth. No bitterness. Love it. Was sad when my local Caribou closed but happy when I found it on Amazon!
0,a little sweet, but otherwise good
0,I've purchased several of these... they are always good, crunchy, and spot on. I will continue to order more!
0,Good value.
0,Yummy stuff.
0,Feels greats while bathing, fresh and cool. Smells minty on the sweet side while bathing, it doesn't leave mint smell on skin.
0,I LOVE their drinks! Low in sugar but still so flavorful!
0,THESE ARE A HOUSEHOLD CLEANING "MUST HAVE"
0,Bought with prime pantry. Great!
0,I purchased this item for my son who has very coarse hair and this shampoo really helped manage not only his dandruff but also soften his hair, so I would defiantly recommend this product
0,oh my! just one of my favorite snacks
0,great
0,Love these new individual cleaners...didn't notice  they were for bath only when I purchased them....hope they also have for kitchen!
0,Bought this for my mom. she says it's perfect, spreads well and no fragrance is ideal for one who wishes to use something else afterwards
0,This is very good. Good texture.
0,I'm not much for cereal, I'm more Bacon & Eggs but, I must say I did like this & will buy it again.
0,I got tired of pouring out a bowl of cereal and opening the refrigerator only to find that someone had used the last of the milk, so I started keeping some Almond Breeze in the pantry. The vanilla flavor I think is great with cereal, coffee, and oatmeal. I also keep the unflavored variety on hand for cooking and baking, it has been a lifesaver for situations where I suddenly realize I don't have enough milk for a recipe in progress.		It keeps for several months, no refrigeration required until you open it. I'm not really a fan of drinking it "straight," but it's a really useful staple to keep stocked in your pantry (particularly if you don't use a lot of milk on a frequent basis).
0,work well, nice scent
0,Tastie
0,as expected
0,good simple cracker packets
0,TASTY
0,Works well
0,I don't eat this, but my son can't get enough. He took it to school and all of his friends were begging for some.
0,Item as described!
0,Yummy
0,Nice flavor.  I like the maple sugar flavor on these.  A nice addition to mini wheats.
0,It does its job.
0,great
0,A good variety of chips.
0,deilicious
0,Bought it for my daughter, don'T know if she has tried it yet.
0,Not as thick as you would like.  Convenient way to order
0,I have been using these for years and just love them!  The shape allows you to clean well under the rim and the scrub pad surface cleans much better than the average brush.  That I can just hit a button and put it in the garbage afterwards is the real value of this product.  I won't ever go back to brushes...
0,Very good, my son loved them.
0,Nice and smooth order it GIn
0,who doesn't love nuts?
0,Tuna
0,These are addicting. Great with chilli!
0,Great for a quick breakfast item.
0,love it
0,Makes skin nice and soft
0,Excellent taste
0,very good...
0,I feel this is a great product
0,Alittle sweet , but good
0,Use it in the bottom of my kitchen trash bag.  Helps with odors there, too.
0,Awesome, just as described!
0,Would buy again
0,Good price on Lucky Charms delivered through Prime Pantry. Arrived in fresh, uncrushed state.
0,If you don't like any spice at all these probably aren't for you. We love them though and prefer them over the plain cheese and cracker packages.
0,Great product/good price for a sweet treat.
0,Perfect..
0,Great variety of decaf cups. Will definitely buy again.
0,Yum
0,The mix was very easy to prepare and the taste and texture were very good.  The recipe calls for 2/3 cup of milk which yields a very dense and slightly gritty cornbread.  I find that if I increase the amount of milk to 1 cup, I get a lighter and tastier result in my opinion.
0,I don't know how to review oil... it works, I've fried lots of stuff with it, seems to do a good job and it arrived in great condition.  So yeah... there you god...
0,come on, its a very small bottle of lime juice, it was good while it lasted. be sure to get it at a low price
0,Great price
0,Great!!
0,They stick on for-e-ver. Came in especially handy after I had to care for some wounds I got after my cancer check at the dermatologist. 100% didn't irritate the spots, but the adhesive was a bit too strong for my sensitive skin on the inner side of my arm.
0,YUMMY!! My favorite tea so far, and Ive tried tons! Yummy balance of orange and cinnamon!
0,Yummy, healthy alternative to traditional gummies. My toddler gets these as a reward after swim lessons. He is  18 months and this is a healthier way to enjoy a sweet treat. These are  soft and easy to chew.  I will reorder.
0,Like another customer I thought there was lemon filling.  But, I think they tasted pretty good for a store-bought cookie.  When I want something really sweet, soft and lemony, these fill the bill.
0,item was as described.  Thank you.
0,Fresh and yummy - just like I remember as a child! They were packed with care, shipped quickly, and so delicious that they didn't last nearly as long as I thought they might. We devoured them without shame! The pastry was fresh, flaky, and lightly glazed while inside were delicious, tender, and juicy cherries that sure didn't disappoint. If you like cherry pie, and don't have the time to bake your own, then I highly recommend these - if you can find them! I went to re-order and found them no longer offered. I sure hope that changes soon!
0,Same quality, but cheaper price than you may purchase them in a retail store.
0,Always my go to product during my menstrual cycle. I tend to have heavier second days so I always wear this during my day 1, day 2, and even sometimes my day 3. This is a great pad to wear during the night as well since it is super absorbent especially during your heavy flow days. I also like the wing features since it'll protect your underwear from any overspills. The other best part about this maxi is that it covers most of your underwear compared to regular pads. This also ensures for a leak free period! It comes with 20 pads which is enough to last you for a couple of months (if you use lighter pads during your lighter days).
0,Its gets the job done and keeps you dry and fresh even on hot days.
0,one of the best cereals, not my fav, but still great!
0,Nice price bought to have on hand
0,Very tasty, good for you and organic.  I enjoy the crunch and it tastes great in the morning or for a snack.
0,Great product, Their Band-Aids what can you say, You get a boo boo you put one on.
0,loved theez things in the 1970s I tell you what~!!!~ tasty chemicals and I will be getting more
0,Always a hit with the kids!
0,So much tastier than Campbell's and the sodium content is also acceptable.  Good product.  I just ordered 6 more cans for my pantry.
0,Not to bad just wish they had a deal where you can buy 2 for 1
0,I Really like this item.  It;s very good for being a decent product.
0,good protuct!
0,love this for flavoring burgers, using in meatloaf, pot roast and many other recipes. so convenient and simple, adds so much flavor
0,This is actually pretty good. Wished price would go lower but for a meal its actually really good.
0,Perfect taste and texture.
0,We were given a sample of this in our hotel room this summer and loved it. We've been long-time Colgate users, but I forgot to pack it for our trip. I'm so happy for that mistake because it forced me to try something new and that was the Tom's of Maine Antiplaque and Whitening.		My mouth feels fresh for hours after using and my teeth feel smooth. I don't have that sugary feeling that I've always had with the Colgate. I especially like that this has no added chemicals, including flouride.		I bought two tubes of this when we got home from our trip and made it the new staple in our home.
0,arrived on time and as described
0,She likes them and I like that I can break them into pieces so she doesn't get too many calories at once!
0,No complaints! Bought for my purse. Haven't had to use it yet.
0,Just like they all are
0,Great product. Nice clean floors fast and easy task.
0,Love this coffee!!!
0,These have a great smell - I know we shouldn't use artificial air fresheners but I have an HA washer and if I don't use this stuff my clothes smell like a gym locker.  Don't ever buy a top loading HA washer.
0,Always a classic.
0,Great price
0,These are the best. You can wash any color clothes you want together. Just add one of them and no color bleeding, even if it's the first time the item has been washed.
0,Love Dole fruit bowls!  Dole's is packed in juice, not syrup.  This one is pineapple.  Easy to tuck in lunches, just right for pairing with yogurt, and can pep of your smoothie in the morning.  It's delicious alone.  I recommend keeping some in the fridge, because cold pineapple is just a yummy treat anytime!
0,It is very good. Smooth and matte. I have lots of enlarge pores and fine lines and it helps smooth them good 60%, so very happy with it	The fragrance is a little off, but it goes away quickly after applying foundation. I just wished it smelled better.
0,The multiple type of band aid is useful on camping trip
0,love it
0,The product has good flavor and fills a protein load for after workouts. Other nutrition on product is okay, would choose other professional types for the diehard athletes diet. Still a great product with good flavor.
0,Bought for the office. Obviously still a popular brand because the staff ate pretty fast.
0,These work well and serve their purpose but they have a strong perfume and if that is something that bothers you then you need to consider that before buying these particular wipes.
0,Gold in a can I always say and how nice to have it delivered to my door!
0,<div id="video-block-R2FAH1MDR2UG7O" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D1XUUqxO7FS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91ew59FMqGS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;This shampoo is reasonably priced considering it is mailed to you Amazon Prime Pantry. i was amazed how well it actually cleaned my hair and i did not even need any conditioner. it did not dry my hair out. it says for all hair types. it says salon proven to invigorate as well as Aveda Rosemary Mint. it did not smell quite as good as some other shampoos i've tried. Sabiene	.
0,Great
0,as described
0,really refreshing for indoor and outdoor use
0,Excellent chips for a good price...large bag too!
0,Our house loved these quick high protein snacks that taste so good, easy to keep handy in your purse if you need a quick snack. Great for college kids to keep them on the A game while studying.. I LOVE these nut packets1 Crarry in your purse for a quick snack to keep your mind shiarp..
0,thankU great product
0,This stuff really works.  Smells like dirty feet, but works!
0,They're delicious! Lots of garlic flavour in a quick to prepare packet!
0,If you like your brownies with a rich chocolate flavor with very nice big chunks of walnut pieces, this from Betty Crocker is my go to mix. It is easy to make and is reliably delicious. I can whip this up in under 45 minutes and I always get rave reviews.  I chill these and put a hunk of ice cream in the middle and I am Super Grandma!
0,convenient
0,We all need to eat fish, and this is the best tasting tuna I have found. My husband eats at least three cans a week and he likes this brand best.
0,great stuff
0,Very good pasta.
0,this is a proven, basic, good cake for a mix.  Betty Crocker can always be counted on.
0,My son loved these cookies. I had to monitor him eating them.
0,ok
0,Bushes Beans taste good and are easy to cook.
0,A
0,Good
0,I have an elderly mother, who doesn't eat much.  I send her this order every 3- 4 months.  It has healthy fats, fiber, and protein!
0,awesome
0,good water. my wife absolutely loves them aswell, shes crazy about these in particular. (dont ask), they are sometimes hard to find in our area. they are well priced and delivered quickly thank you amazon for great prime pantry service so that i don't have to leave my house. that future described in Wall-e is looking closer than ever.
0,Great little snack size.  We like them a lot.
0,Wow!	I'm so happy I tried this flavor!  I'm stuck on the blood orange but I love prickly pear so I thought why not try.  So glad I did.  Very happy with flavor.
0,Like seriously...just eat them with a dust buster...but worth it because they are yummy.
0,Top quality hot/cold pack! Comfortable and easy to use.
0,good
0,Just what we needed for the snack section in our small country store.
0,Who doesn't love nutty Nutella? In France chocolate spread is what we would have for breakfast! It was wonderful.		Nutella is really great and the prices are excellent. I bought two bottles so I can give one away..it is that good.	It also is a lot more fun on toast then margarine. ;-)
0,I am a grandmother who needs to carry snacks when I have to travel o a doctor and leave at 6;30am and don't get back until 3;30pm	This is perfect for me.
0,Good flavor and great to have on hand.
0,Who doesn't want a nutella banana graham cracker?		It's unamerican to say no.
0,As described...
0,Seems to be great.
0,who doesn't love Cheetos!!!
0,great product, box it arrives in can be used/folded to look exactly like the picture and used to display them. great price. Definitely better tasting chocolate, very smooth.
0,Fresh as stated
0,This is a great way to grocery shop!
0,Yum, real good enchilada sauce!
0,Like it a lot
0,It's OK sauce and the price was good. I tried in on small Bobboli shells and it worked. Also good on English muffin pizzas. Portion control. Price was excellent.
0,Always brilliant
0,A pantry staples
0,I like this for topping many items I cook.  Good for topping soups, casseroles and anything you like crunchy onions on.  For those who are salt sensitive, be careful on how much you use.
0,Great Value, soft, and fits the holder.	i hate buying a large roll of toilet paper that doesn't fit in the place where the roller is. These fit great and the paper is very soft.		one of my favorite brands for our family of 7
0,The variety was great and perfect for Halloween.  Word of advice, don't order chocolate to be delivered in warm states like Texas.  Chocolate arrived melted even in October
0,I didn't use the skilet to make this, I made it in the oven, it was great.
0,Caribou coffee has never let me down. This was great both in the morning for waking up and for an afternoon puck me up.
0,so. awesome.
0,Good new flavor
0,Dogs love it
0,CANT BEAT IT
0,Great!
0,good
0,tastes like regular mustard..no complaints
0,I never had steel cut oatmeal before.  It is like regular but instead of flattened oats, there are pieces.  Being a 3 minute variety, the cooking in a microwave is fast and makes a nice warm breakfast.
0,Fun meal with a sudoko puzzle inside.  Great price and combination.  I am so glad that it was offered as a Prime Pantry item.
0,WORKS!
0,Yum. Double chocolate in light, crispy cookie sandwich. Did I mention Yum?
0,Fantastic I love this stuff.
0,My only complaint about these is that I can't stop eating them until they're all gone! :^)
0,It's about 5 cups of rice worth and good for my weekly meal preps!
0,Very Good as always.
0,Be careful what you order this type of product with. I ordered larger heavier products and one of the busted. But it's great not having to go grocery shopping
0,i like this product, it's easy on my stomach
0,The BEST brownie mix ever. If you have to make them from a box, this is the one to use. Delicious flavor and easy to make.
0,Excellent! Fresh, delicious - no complaints. A+
0,YUM YUM
0,We love that there is little added sugar and the sweetness comes from the honey. Delicious flavors.
0,FOOOOOOOOOOD
0,Perfect
0,This is my favorite floss.  I do feel like my teeth are much cleaner when I use it.  Like the name says, it glides easily between my teeth, no sticking or shredding.  The plastic container is small, compact and attractive.  The minty flavor is a nice touch.
0,I have been purchasing 'off brand' crackers at a local store for a few months.  Was pleasantly surprised to learn that Prime Pantry carries these.		Love these to use in soups or when making meat loaf.		Delivered to my door which is a real convenience.  I live 40 minutes from a store so this is a real bonus for me.		Most highly recommended.
0,Smells amazing.  Great price too. Totally recommend Amazon Prime Pantry!
0,yes it is Kleenex
0,amixture of good snacks
0,Cleans good. refreshed  feeling after brushing
0,Sometimes you just need something fast, tuna is one of my staples.
0,Not enough peaches.
0,For a dry or sensitive mouth this is the right stuff
0,Pardon me do you have any bomb dijon mustard, because I do. I use this on every sandwich and even mix so Sriracha into it because I love me some spice.
0,I'm addicted to these treats.. Order often.. Hid them from the kids.
0,really feel safer with "METHOD"  products,  better for me and whole house		works well,  no funky chemical smell
0,Good value and very good taste haven't been able to find in local stores.
0,Like mac & cheese but tastier x10
0,smell nice and fresh. Bob's Red Mill always has high quality products.
0,Thank you!
0,great item - arrived quickly
0,Excellent product, love the flavor, delivered promptly, thanks!
0,Good product at a good price
0,Very addictive!
0,Great taste!
0,I got a great deal and it came relatively fast!
0,Great Milk chocolate bar, really sweet and melts really easily, great for snacking on; no bitterness.
0,Very tasty.
0,Great
1,Ok
1,Just dry noodles. No meat, no sauce, no nothing. I bought these as emergency rations for the earthquake. You'd have to be desperate to eat this dreck.
1,Tasted really bad. I threw away most of it. My dogs wouldn't even eat it.
1,These have been my favorite snack for a long time, but the last few bags that I have bought have tasted different. They have changed them. They don't have nearly as much cheese flavor as before,but they have a stronger,spicier taste,and they are a lot harder. I hope they change them back to the way they used to be,or I'm definitely gonna have to find a new snack.
1,While I applaud Barbara's Bakery for it's organic way I feel like these were a swing and a miss.
1,Why can't they make this unscented?  This smell is awful.
1,I definitely won't be buying Dole Fruit Bowls again.  The pineapple has a distinct cooked and stale odor.  The juice at the bottom was cloudy and sticky.  No fresh flavor to be found here.  Time to go buy a fresh pineapple!!
1,My favorite chip but these were stale
1,a
1,I did not like this soup.  It was almost all broth with very little substance.  The taste was just average.
1,I did not like the taste of this root beer soda.
1,Not worth the price
1,It's too runny and too liquidy and it smells like a cheap self tanner. I only use it on my legs and wash my hands off right away. It does give me a sun kissed color. I prefer another brand of tanning lotion way better.
1,It tastes and smell like cheap lamen seasoning.
1,I cannot imagine anyone buying this a second time. I found it repulsive just from the smell and the taste was yucky. I threw the 4 cans I purchased away. Live and learn.
1,These feel really rough on your skin. I think I prefer the Burts Bee's brand
1,Too strong of a perfume its smell
1,Don't like the quick tie feature.
1,No longer ordering since onlly 3 are allowed at a time.
1,Didn't work for my arthritis
1,Did not like at all. Has a burnt taste to it. Tossed them.
1,yuck. forms a sticky paste in your mouth.
1,Fairly
1,Didn't care for the product.  Tasted horrible
1,We have had multiple shipments of the Apple flavor burst during shipment and ruin everything else inside the shipping box.  The pink lemonade did not do this.
1,To hard to get out..
1,Why do kids eat paste ? to get the taste of this vile glop out of their mouth. Pink chalk. Gross !
1,Does not last at all, I put it on after a shower and it was gone by the time I got downstairs.  The scent is nice until it mixes with sweat then it becomes something terrible like a hippie running a 10k.
1,I was so excited to get these but when they arrived I was really disappointed.  I tasted them and they were stale, dry, and crumbly.  The expiration date was January of 2018 but this batch was not good.  They didn't have an almond butter taste either...  Returned for a refund and not ordering these again.
1,I DIDN'T REALIZE I WAS ALLERGIC TO MANGOES...
1,What isn't ultimately apparent here in the advertising is the size of the individual packages ..... these are less than half the size you are used to seeing in the store displays ...... cheap you say? .... yes because you are getting a bunch of sample size packages ....
1,I didn't like the taste of these crackers or the thickness
1,seriously gave me bad gas and didn't taste like lemonade, tasted like dirty lemon water
1,My baby wouldn't eat this product, and neither would the dog. My baby liked holding the teething biscuit but she wouldn't actually chew on it for more than a few seconds. She dropped it on the floor and our dog usually eats most things, but he sniffed it and then moved on.
1,not good, wound my again
1,6 pop tarts- not 12- inside-
1,I love this brand, but this particular product didn't rinse off well. Probably due to my sub par dishwasher in my rented apartment, but if that's what you have, this product isn't for you.
1,I don't care for these toothbrushes at all. I don't like the bristles or the shape of the head. While there is nothing wrong with them, I have bought cheaper brushes with better results.
1,Dented
1,Not a fan. In my opinion, this taste horrible.
1,wasnt expecting large boxes thought they were cubes, they don't fit in any of my holders, but they work as expected
1,no flavor
1,Not much  lemonade  flavor . ....disappointed
1,I don't normally buy Ziploc, but for some reason I did, and I don't know why... these bags constant split down the sides when I am opening them to use for the first time.  I'm going back to Target brand.
1,I love Frito Lay chips but, every time I receive my order it looks like the bags had been stuffed into the package.	So, I expected the whole chips to be crushed.  They were.  Nothing to dip.	Except the Fritos of course.  They will outlast any chip.
1,I picked this up on a deal and didn't think much about it at first, but I started noticing that I was putting in a lot more elbow grease than normal. I kept resorting to warm water. "Wow, this stuff really works great when you just add warm water," I thought. The next go-round I skipped out on the cleaner and went straight to the water. I knew that there was still bacteria everywhere, but my elbow leaked not a drop of grease. I've switched back to good ol' Johnson & Johnson. While I have issues with chemicals, I'd rather just use conventional products in moderation and have a clean house. I'm willing to bet a bottle of lemon juice concentrate would do just as good a job.
1,very dented can
1,This peanut butter was served as a last meal to those being executed in the gulags in Soviet Russia. This peanut butter was also used by the Khmer Rouge to really make people feel as though there is no way out of the work camps. A food crate was busted open in Kenya during one of the last famine periods only to remain untouched as people would rather starve that ingest this foul substance. This Jif Natural Peanut Butter Spread and Honey, 16 oz should be tried in Nuremberg because its taste is a war crime.		Something about the sickly sweet taste makes it unsuitable for toasted bread. This Peanut Butter spread also makes bad bedfellows with jelly due to its foul taste blocking out all enjoyment that the jelly might have provided. I must believe that those who bought this product with the Smuckers squeeze bottle jelly are so tweaked out on methamphetamine that the taste buds are failing them. One suggestion I missed with this product was to try it on a vegetable; I couldn't bear the thought of having a farmer work so hard on growing celery only to see it ravaged by this terrible product.		Would not eat this product again unless being force fed in a Seven style force feeding.
1,Leaves my hair feeling crusty/dry like there's residual product after rinsing. I've found that vinegar leaves my hair way softer than any fancy botanicals..
1,not for me
1,Would rather have the concentrated one, It takes alot more to do the dishes
1,Oh My! These rolls are less than 1/2 the size of my regular brand and not significantly cheaper. I will not reorder.
1,All peanuts, had to suck on mini piece to get any caramel/chocolate .  My peanuts were mostly halved.  Not even similar to Squared.	Really hated it.  Felt ripped off!
1,Weak flavor  would  not buy again
1,Not one of my favorite Nut-rition blends.  Too many of those little crunchy granola thingies and not enough of the other ingredients.
1,Poor quality
1,A lot of sugar with no taste.
1,Tried Cottonelle when I saw a commercial for them.  Did not like the product.
1,My skin does not like this product! I never used to have breakouts, and ever since I tired this, Ive been having them. After a week of using it, I stopped using it and the breakouts stopped.
1,They've somehow ruined water. I didn't think it was possible. "Carbonated water with a hint of lime, that should be refreshing," I thought. Boy, was I wrong. I also found it odd that they were advertising "less minerals." It's water, give me more minerals! At least then there would be some point in drinking this crap.
1,bad can smelt horrible , pinning in can was coming out
1,Smells like peanuts, but the taste is very bland to the point of being tasteless. If anyone has any suggestions as to how to actually make it taste like peanut butter please comment, and I'll update my review if they work.
1,Sadly...this was...disgusting.  Arrived not sealed...smelled...like a dirty milking parlor.  and yes I have been in many .  Does not reconstitute	not that I planned to drink it but wanted to see...it did as they say..and it would whip etc.  and it does not.  Never thickened into anything resembling whipping cream..and stick blender would not change the watery powdery texture..other that to have a bit of foam on the top.		I am so disappointed..I had high hopes to never run out o whipping cream again.  I even wasted a cup o hot coffee to see if it would disolve in it	and it did not.		Amazon Prime made it right but..I wanted...a pound of cream powder that would do what it said.  I would rather have had a replacement but they don't seem to stock it now.
1,Can we just have one size of toilet paper and paper towels?  I am tired of trying to figure out 6=12, 8=10, 12=24, etc, can we just have 1=1. This toilet paper also leaves a lot of lint.
1,Came frozen
1,I bought this foolishly last time I was at Target (I try to only go there once every 12-18months or so) because of a buy one get one free coupon... I'm hoping a grocer nearby will give credit for the one that will remain unopened-otherwise it's a literal four bucks and 1 gel tab down the drain. Within two hours my eyes were irritated, but I stupidly gave myself a little time and few flushes to see if it was only an initial blast of harsh chemicals. Nope-the entire bathroom and EVERYTHING in it STINK now, a mere half day into its supposed week.		Imagine a massively concentrated industrial toilet cleaner-or a mix of Irish Spring soap and Lysol bowl cleaner-and ponder whether you want it absolutely permeating every millimeter of some items... Shower curtain-not the end of the world. The actual sink&bath tub-I suppose showering is fine-washing the tub TWICE to soak seems a waste. How about toilet paper? We know where that goes-starting to get uncomfortable now. Feminine hygiene? Great, just the fragrance I always wanted there-toilet bowl disinfectant... Let's not forget the towels, ALL of them. Want to dry off with something smelling like that? What about washing and drying your face with stinky cloth? Your fancy soap now needs a rinse before using, sustainable, eh? Oh, what's that? My Q-tips&makeup brushes&sponges that while not used often aren't cheap...pity that pressed powder and blush isn't in an airtight container, too.		What REALLY drew my attention to how pervasive and bad the smell had become in so little time was my CAT. I have massive 54" tall body towels that I toss over her cat bed. They're naturally stored in the bathroom closet with all my bath-kitchen-hand towels and my cat howled-a TERRIFYING sound-and refused to lie on the towel despite initial happiness. I had to take a thankfully-bedroom-stored flannel sheet and plop down she went, happy sprawl achieved once she got over the shock of that horrid smell in her cat bed. No way am I going to leave it to permanently wreck my teak spa mat&likely even the shower head what with its grippy handle and the little rubber inserts. My bottles of shampoo&the like, my cotton pads, my medical tape&gauze, and again the absorbent items that touch my most delicate skin, from Kleenex to Kotex so to speak, reek! There's a LOT of laundry to do now, CLEAN laundry that I can't put so near my face with it stinking of hospital bathrooms--it's not so unlike that steri-clean soft-n-sure soap that hateful clinics use, the ones that want everyone to smell like they were made in a toxic chemistry lab to make nursing homes smell that special kind of bad stench!	I'll stick with the smell that leaves with the second flush. This should DEFINITELY never be used in a house with kids or pets-bad enough exposing adults to it but airborne irritants are never good news&quite unkind to expose will-free kids&pets.
1,The rolls were not as Big as I thought they were going to be and I have a hard time separating the sheets when starting a new roll.
1,Something on the verge of tainted here. It is eitehr bad storage or bad product to begin with. INEDIBLE,smelly,bad tasting after years of eating this line never again
1,Washed on top rack of dishwasher and the lids warped, but still able to use...but for how long?
1,A toy best is to buy a commercial grade one at your local restaurant supple place..
1,Kind of stale
1,Think I got some Escolar here - wasn't tuna. Did horrible things to my digestive tract.
1,I get that people want this water to be healthy, and therefore the sweetener isn't sugar.  However, artificial sweetener is not good for you, and frankly drinking this made me feel dehydrated.  I would have rather had some (not a lot) of sugar in it instead.  It doesn't need to be even remotely as sweet as soda, which is what they were going for, really all I wanted was water with a hint of coconut.		If you like artificial sweetener then you might love this, except for the steep price.  If you like real food, pass on it.
1,I love crab and I love corn chowder. Was so looking forward to this soup. I am so disappointed that if I could give NO stars, I would! The first couple of bites I could taste the corn, but definitely no crab flavor. After that, the only thing I could taste was black pepper. Had to throw it out after about 6 bites because the pepper overpowered everything and started to burn my tongue! So, just a warning... this soup is NOT worth purchasing!
1,Eww
1,The picture of the product clearly states it is soy free, I was so excited to try these to find out after I opened the box that it didn't say it was soy free on the box... that's the only reason I bought these and I can't even eat them now, very disappointed.
1,It was not that good. It was chewy like gum is supposed to be but the cinnamon flavor was lacking and died out quickly.
1,Very bland. Contrast in textures mediocre.
1,I like the fake raspberry taste but my daughter says it gives me bad breath.  Seems self defeating.
1,Not great as another brand I have purchased. Simply don't think it dissolves as rapidly
1,STALE/DRY
1,Too sour for me!
1,Dawn is better at cutting through grease. It's too bad because I love everything else about Method.
1,When I saw the colorful bottles I was fooled.  These are not flavored.  I can get twice as much for half the price at the store
1,I had tried these once before and because of the value price thought I would try again.  They are a pain in the neck to apply and if you make a mistake it is easy to waste one.  I will go back to the tank tablets.
1,I thought the kids would LOVE these since they like this type of snack. BUT after my 3 testers tried them, I ended up eating these myself. Not sure why they didn't like them :(
1,Among the scent and cleaning power I like it.		Why the price went up $1.20 this month I don't like...
1,I can honestly say I saw ZERO improvement in my hair by adding these to my diet. They do taste nice, a typical strawberry lemonade flavor. The pills also dissolve quickly. However, you can get a biotin supplement that contains even more biotin for much cheaper at your local big box store. Having said that, it is not suggested that you consume so much biotin. Consuming this much biotin often leads to issues with cystic acne. Overall, these taste good, but that's it. I feel like I took a flavored placebo, yet I was not tricked into thinking this did anything for my hair, skin or nails.
1,I like regular twizzlers, but the flavors here have unpleasant chemical tastes. Don't buy.
1,like it!
1,Whew! This soap is way too fragrant. I couldn't stang the strong smell.
1,Doesn't do anything for my acne, seemed to flare it up even more honestly
1,I thought ordering some of my groceries through Amazon Pantry was going to be a great idea....boy was I wrong.  Out of the 39 canned good items I ordered 24 of those cans are dented; some pretty badly.  I ordered 4 cans of corn, 2 are dented.  I will be ordering any more canned good items from Amazon.  :(
1,Smashed and opened!!!!
1,this is a soft drink, not "water". loaded with sweetener (sucralose). check the label for multiple preservatives too.
1,I've often wondered why I went to the solid white Albacore instead of this slurry.  Now I remember.
1,While we normally love these crackers and the taste for some reason we ordered a few in this order and the plastic inside was opened.  Therefore the crackers were stale. Even though the box on the outside was sealed.
1,Ehhhh these are dry and lack on flavor.
1,extremely dented cans sent. would not recommend on that fact alone.
1,burns skin
1,Not great. Too much lemon.
1,Not the best cake, good texture but not much flavor.  Also,  too many ingredients need to be added including four eggs.  Not recommended.
1,I did not like the taco shells, thy were stale and did not taste good.
1,Made of really tough paper or something but when I stored some wet food in it, it held up better than I thought it would, didn't soak through or even break although it felt like it was on the verge of it. Seems like a single-use food storage container is more of a waste than the plastic ones tho, so I'll be sticking to the washable plastic ones to store leftovers. Didn't use it to heat anything, so can't comment on the durability in the microwave.
1,These are not like the animal crackers in the box I remember. They are thicker, and the flavor is kind of flat and cardboardy.  I put them in a bowl at a party, and every single person was excited to flash back to childhood, and they all said "these don't taste the same at all"  I had almost a full bowl at the end.
1,Came crushed and open
1,I don't care for this drink.  Sorry, just not to my taste.
1,by far the absolutely the WORST and GROSSEST beef jerky I have ever had. I have had lots of Jack Links beef jerky over the years. I opened this up and grabbed a piece to eat. Right away the texture was very different and the flavor... Wow it tasted so bad I spit it out and almost vomited.
1,Not up to Cadburys usual standards.
1,Just okay. Wasn't really thorough. I washed my face with this one night, especially getting my mascara and eye makeup off, rinsed, and went to bed. Woke up with raccoon eyes. So it didn't get all the mascara off.  What else did it miss?  Maybe it's just a surface clean and leaves icky stuff under the surface?		I know it's a convenience measure rather than a real facial, but I likely will only use these camping or on nights I'm too tired to move.  I can't risk my skin remaining dirty when I think it's clean
1,cereal was stale, feed it to the birds, they seemed to like it?
1,box was dented and smashed
1,it was disgusting.
1,I hate to pay the price of Organic anything.  I have raised enough gardens and other crops to know that you have to kill insects to raise good quality crops.  I truly wish Amazon would carry good quality canned tomatoes and other vegetables that were not Organic.
1,Way too sweet for me.
1,Too mustardy, very sour and don't taste good. Don't make the same mistake as me if you like honey mustard, onions, and pretzels all on their own - but combining them into honey mustard and onion pretzels is a bad experience.
1,This is NOT natural peanut butter! It contains other oil and sugar added with a whipped consistency. It's inedible for me as it contains sugar whereas Natural peanut butter does not. I bought 10 thinking it was actually natural. Very disappointed as I have protein deficiencies and rely on peanut butter daily. I m home bound disabled and was very much looking forward to this product being as advertised. Natural penut butter contains ONLY PEANUTS and salt!
1,I just did not care for the blandness of these .
1,Not a great brush. Very clumpy. I threw it away after a couple uses.
1,This was an AMAZON FRESH purchase and should be exempt from reviews.
1,This is a decent cup of coffee but nothing special.
1,arrived totally smashed in a prime pantry box
1,Not what we were hoping for or thinking of. Even the kids didn't like it
1,Just plain gross in taste. Hostess has certainly changed their products.
1,No doubt about it, this is the way to go if you like looking forward to a vitamin that is delicious. I mean some kind of gummy brand anyway. They do taste really good.  Nothing like the vitamins of my youth that were candy like in funny shapes that still tasted...Well, like vitamins. Any adult would enjoy these.  However for me that is where the assets of these things end.  I won't even go into the ingredients and what is there or missing.  To me the high dosage of 6 of them per day is just way too high.  (Making this 180 count bottle only a 30 day supply).  And at over $35 at the time of this writing, its gotta be one of the most costly multivitamins of any kind on Amazon...But that is not the worst of it in my opinion...		By far what aggravates me the most out of these is you can't get them out of the bottle.  These are not gummie bear shaped, but little mounds like the old Dots candy.  With all the smooth edges they stick together something awful.  I mean even banging the bottle briskly on a hard surface loosens just a couple of them off the top.  Personally to get the dosage they recommend you have to bang the bottle hard constantly, (which is increasingly not working at all), or, stick a knife or some other object inside to break them apart. And this is a big bottle.  They are so sticky I am frankly surprised that its barely mentioned among the other reviews here.  I'll be finishing this bottle, but won't be ordering it again.  The taste and fun of them is lost on me having to excavate my dose every morning...: )
1,Expensive. The box they came in nearly broke the UPS person's back. They couldn't unload it. Ordering liquids is a dangerous gambit!
1,Tastes overly acidid for such a dark coffee, and so it screams for cream and sugar. Very similar to Starbucks Morning Joe, except I paid $9 for this bag of ground stuff (prices fluctuate) and not again, thanks. For the same money or less Ill be ordering the Starbucks Sumatra (excellent), and for a great value, Seattles Best Post Alley/No. 5 roast is excellent at $5 plus change both of those regularly available on Prime Pantry and come in whole bean for the freshest taste.
1,Just did not work for me,,,,Plus you take two tablets every four hours that just makes this way too expensive
1,How is this advance? My GBA, Gameboy Advance, was advance. This is not cool.
1,gross. threw it away.
1,Thought these were mints. They are not. Imagine someone squeezing your gum into a cube with there hands then handing it to you with no wrapper. That is what these are like.
1,ok
1,We buy Progressive soups of all kinds, and even though this was purchased for it's  "Fat Light" label. it is the first time we have been disappointed.  Watery chunks of stringy chicken with some veggies may be low fat, but it is not very appetizing either.  Can say enough about the other low cal-cal soups Progressive put out, they are great.
1,We live in the California Desert!  Someday I will learn NOT to order anything	that can soften or melt!  These were definitely GUMMY!
1,Taste is fine but if you're going low carb watch out for stalls with this stuff.
1,I couldn't get the water to drain for anything. Ended up exploding tuna water and chucks all over myself. Fed it to dogs for a snack because I don't want to eat soggy Tuna sandwiches.
1,Nothing like pictured at all. It tastes like garbage and not even slightly similar to pad thai... buy frozen for premade meals and skip this stuff. Setting up a return for all meals purchased on here.
1,These are awful! They're so linty, and the box isn't heavy or strong enough to take a tissue out of the box without the box coming with it. The tissues tend to rip on the box as they're coming out as well. Just a terrible value overall. I'm going back to Scotties.
1,Incredibly salty and strangely "burnt" taste.  Will not purchase again.
1,This coffee tastes like what I imagine wet socks do. It didn't matter how much I varied the grounds or water.
1,These are skinny rolls and the sheets stick to each other, they are hard pulling them off a dispenser. Won't buy again.
1,I think its this brand that tastes horrible. I suggest looking at something else
1,I love these chips and was excited to receive them, but Amazon's packaging kind of ruined them. While the flavor was the same great taste, Amazon had punctured a small hole in the bag in order to make the bag fit in the box and the chips were stale when they arrived. This has happened twice now, the other time with another brand. I don't advise ordering chips through Amazon. However, these chips are typically very good with that extra crunch that Kettle Cooked chips often provide. I would just stick to purchasing these at your local supermarket.
1,I usually get white Jasmine rice and thought, hey Brown Jasmine Rice!  I'll try it.		Blah.  VERY Expensive for such a small amount, plus that wonderful tasting, fragrant Jasmine Rice I usually enjoy (the white) is just not there in this.  In the case of paying more for something because it says "Organic", this is it.		I would not purchase ever again :(  I'm sorry :(
1,omg ew. I love the other Amy's soups, and I don't know what I expected this to be exactly, but it is what I think is scrambled tofu. It has a very off putting flavor.
1,Not sure what's original but it's NOT the scent, marks me itch. Tricky labeling !
1,I'd estimate the peanuts are 75-80% of the entire bag!		I won't be buying these again.
1,They are not thinner and smaller for my tween. They are regular sized and package to make you think they are different, they are not. They just changed the colors and made them more expensive! Lame.
1,This did not need to be a thing.  It should not be a thing.
1,Way too much sugar alcohols etc. just grab a Greek yogurt or something else fast.
1,Unfortunately, this ended up being a waste of money as something within the liquid caused an allergic reaction that was quite unpleasant. I'm told that "anti cavity" type mouthwashes can cause this reaction in users so just be forewarned.
1,I added this to a Prime Pantry order because I love Hershey's chocolate syrup, and caramel, and it was only a couple bucks. All I can say is the taste of this is bad...really bad.  I threw it out, and I'm not one to waste food.
1,Good flavor, but not worth the price and Amazon pantry didn't pack them very well so half the bags were crumbs.
1,This drink was inadequately packaged & a few cans were punctured & leaked all over my order!  I expect & would anticipate, another, completely 'Intact' cartoon of Fanta would be sent to me , as partial Compensation to me -- at no further cost to me, whatsoever!
1,Taste kind of gross....
1,The taste was Way to strong for me and some of the cans were damage when I opened my package
1,Reese's Pieces don't taste the same anymore. The flavor is really cloying anymore and lack the peanut-buttery taste they used to have.		The bags I received were in terrible condition too. All my candy was melted together and many pieces were broken. One package was a lump of terrible-tasting peanut butter with flecks of colored shell. What a disappointment!
1,I may just have gotten spoiled by buying premium juice from the refrigerated section, but I didn't like the taste of this juice.  I realize shelf stable juice just won't be as good as the refrigerated products, but I did think Tropicana would do better than this.  I won't buy it again.
1,I love me some artificial, highly processed, and sugary goodies! However, this may have taken it too far. The red velvet flavor leaves a VERY fake aftertaste. I just wasn't a fan, please don't fire me Nabisco!		Signed - OreoFan4LIFE.
1,Tomato soup from a can (store brand) is better.
1,While captain crunch peanut butter cereal isn't organic and has preservatives, (yuck) they make the best-tasting		Panda Puffs peanut butter cereal has almost no peanut butter taste.		It may be healthier but when i buy peanut butter cereal i expect it to taste like it... but their cereal tastes more like Kix.. just bland puffed corn balls.		I wish Panda Puffs tasted just like captain crunches peanut butter crunch but it doesn't even come close.
1,Not my favorite, but others I'm sure love it
1,The cans were banged up, and as you may know... It is therefore, unsafe to consume it.
1,Disappointed; basically a ripoff.
1,Dented
1,Tastes like watermelon flavoring syrup. Too sweet and weird.
1,The detergent works better than any detergent I have the downside is the smell of the detergent changes it mostly has a weird fishy scent on clothes so that's why its getting two stars
1,Smells nasty
1,Never buy taco shells online. Go to the store- unless you love broken shells. Learn from my mistake.
1,I'm giving this salt scrub two stars only because it does do the intended job of exfoliating and moisturizing. It is not pleasant though. First, the salt crystals are too large. I have used others in which the salt was similar to large sand. These are like 1/2 carat diamonds, very difficult to use effectively, like rubbing a handful of small rocks on the skin. Worse than the grit size is the smell. I had read the ingredients before I purchased and knew there was grapefruit, but the grapefruit smell was so strong and chemical smelling it's offensive. I have to completely wash the oil away with soap when finished and still am left with an unpleasant chemical smell on my skin. I would compare it to the orange scented stuff used to remove grease from mechanics' hands, except that product doesn't burn my nose like this salt scrub. Definitely don't recommend.
1,Turned my 60 year old skin into teenaged skin, zits and all. Smells and feels like expensive sunscreen.
1,Still think bleach out of a gallon container is much easier.
1,It smells good as an air freshener but Ive never really found that it has actually refreshed my fabrics, only refreshed the air in the room. Its also more expensive than it should be and does not last very long.
1,The filling was too sweet. The outside was nearly tasteless and like gooey cardboard-yuk!
1,I luv Pistachio, but the bag I received must have been at the bottom .. not good at all
1,Really thought this was bigger.
1,DRY.
1,I love kimchi, but I was not a fan of these at all. The flavor wasn't very close to me.
1,I hated the scent of this soap and it wasn't the same moisturing soap I normally buy (Caress).  It doesn't lather up well, it didn't feel very moisturizing, and the scent was too strong for me.  Won't be buying this again.
1,I wouldn't by this again. Flavor is lacking.
1,My public name and my private name has always been one. If I don't live with anyone my public name is my only name. I am not in agreement with the name game
1,I am not a fan of this snack. It's like rice cakes with chocolate drizzle except it has no taste.
1,Not as good as I remember. There was hardly any chocolate coating, In fact, on most of them it was just chocolate sponge cake with a bit of chocolate drizzled on top. On top of that, the cakes tasted stale. Did not enjoy this at ALL!
1,Not nearly as useful as the ultra.  I wouldn't buy it again.
1,No one in my home liked these.  They were odd.
1,Tastes like poop. I have to eat low sodium products, but I expet them to be a lot tastier than this stuff.
1,tossed this had a bitter aftertaste
1,These were not as delicious as the picture appears on the box.  They were very dry, almost like powder.  The flavor was not what I hoped it would be.  I expected creamy peanut butter, but this was more like a pressed powder texture.
1,Bleh.  I don't like this at all.  I have no idea why this is so popular.  It's only faintly peanut-y, it's far too sweet, and it has an unnatural smooth texture that's more reminiscent of hair conditioner than food.
1,Not enough relief.
1,They seem to be packed with energy but taste kinda bland.
1,way too sweet. My fault because I prefer Oreo Thins over other Oreos because the filling just tastes like greasy sugar. yuck. threw these out.
1,Really, really awful taste, how come
1,And this isnt' it.		This stuff is weirdly not very absorbent, so you had to keep using more just to clean up after #1. The rolls run out really quickly. I prefer regular Scott toilet paper to this.
1,Garbage. Threw it away. I'd rather let my dog lick my teeth clean.
1,Had not bought this item in years I think its just us we thought it tasted nasty would not write purchase anywhere
1,I'm sorry, but my dogs wouldn't touch it!
1,The Cheese version is horrible. Each of the four flavors feels faker than the last. The original one feels a little more natural. The convenience of having 'instantaneous' grits is really good, they just taste horrible.
1,These were OK. Flavor and sweetness level was good. They are chocolate and have chocolate chips in some of them.		However I found them to be hard and kind of dense. Like the dough doesn't rise at all during baking. Teeny tiny chocolate flavored bricks. Hard to bite into. Doesn't easily soften in milk or your mouth. You really have to chew these. My 2 and 4 year old were excited about these at first but probably found them hard to eat because after a couple I found them spitting slimey crumbled up bunnies all over the floor. And they didn't want any more...ever. They would rather eat saltines than these.		I kept them a couple of weeks but the kids never wanted them so I threw them out. It's great they're organic but who cares when no one (not even me) wants to eat them.
1,This body wash smells great on the surface, but for some reason once you lather it up, the smell changes and it's very off-putting. It's like a chemically, locker room disinfectant smell or something. I have never experienced a body wash that changes smell after being lathered, but I could not use it after a few washes. It literally makes me nauseous.
1,I have used many brands of sponges in the past and I am sure I have used this brand before. But this time the sponges I received came apart a lot faster than normal. The green part separated from the sponge early on in its life.
1,sponge ripped off handle during 2nd use.
1,omg ew. I love the other Amy's soups, and I don't know what I expected this to be exactly, but it is what I think is scrambled tofu. It has a very off putting flavor.
1,Artichoke hearts are a food I have enjoyed often, so I ordered these to have some delivered. The appearance was not something I have seen before, or the healthy colors as pictured on the can. I will not purchase these again because I didn't like the appearance or the texture. I threw away a lot of it because of dark grey around the edges of the pieces.
1,These tasted really strange. I had to throw them away.
1,45 dollars for a 10 ounce box of cookies?  Are you kidding me?  Oh, I know...  maybe they come with a "free" copy of Grand Theft Auto V..  Or not..	This is nuts.  Greed doesn't help.
1,Disappointed.  Set it out for Christmas and no one liked it because the peanuts were so bland from having no salt.
1,Mmmmm
1,ok
1,2 year old won't use it. Says it tastes bad.
1,For all those on a diet that need a chocolate fix look elsewhere. It is Hershey, but it is bitter and has an after taste. Not good at all. A far cry fromth e real Hershey's chocolate. Would not buy this again.
1,Gross tasting, I think it was rotten
1,I HATE this conditioner. I remember using it years ago and being the perfect mask for deep conditioning. Now, it is heavy and just coats my hair leaving it limp and greasy. Don't waste your money - it's not the same 3 minute miracle you remember!
1,dented can
1,not sure what this was invented for..it sure doesn't clean dishes!
1,Horrible. Campbell's you really MISSED the mark; will never order agian
1,Yuck
1,not the best flavor if you ask me
1,I never had angel food cake before, and I wanted to try it.  I don't particularly like it, but it was sent from Amazon quickly.  It has nothing to do with Amazon, I just learned that I really don't like angel food case....LOL!
1,The flavor of this coffee is fine but it's very weak. I have to use 2 spoons for every cup. I wish I hadn't bought two cans of it.
1,This cleanser turned out to be too harsh for me.
1,Well, it sucked. It sucked bad. Real bad. On the suck o meter it hit a 10.
1,No taste and hard raisins
1,A very processed taste followed by a very processed taste. These are terrible tasting noodles.
1,A little too sweet for me
1,they might have went bad.
1,These are good but I would just assume buying a gallon from the grocery. These are great for lunches or on the go because it is individual drinks.	Tropicana is the best orange juice!!!
1,has an odd "cookie dough" scent and not in a good way.  Very thick, hard to spread or lather up.  Got for my young son who is breaking out, but it still seems to irritate his skin.
1,Didn't do anything for my carpet.
1,We recently tried three varieties of the Planters peanuts in a can and this was by far the worst of the three.  Having a cocoa coating that remains on the fingers like the fake orange colored stuff on cheesy snack foods, it is not even worthy of licking off.  This is the only can we could not even finish and the cans are very small.  We washed off the coating and still did not care for them.
1,I ordered 10 boxes and only recieved 1 in the box I recieved. ALSO They deducted the total amount from my card.
1,It has a flat flavor that stays. It wasn't horrible or ugly tasting . Just not to my taste buds.
1,Yes it does clump and is easily cleaned.  The Odor control is not there at all!
1,Hoping it would be as good as the gas station ones not even close. Very blah not good flavor.
1,Bought this as a back up since the product I normally buy was out of stock and did not like it as much,  just ok.
1,I wish I knew how it would taste. I bought a good bit of icing for my mobile meals service. The icing was crushed.
1,I thought these were terrible but I haven't had anything else from Larabar either
1,Arrived crushed stale and very close to the expiration date .. I will not be purchasing these again disappointed
1,Good price but  very little flavor, not worth eating.
1,It was something to munch on.
1,I don't often review food products because taste is so subjective.  I took a chance on this because the reviews were good, and I like sweet, sparkling water drinks.  I was looking for a new low or no calorie option when this popped up.  I usually love things flavored with guava, but not this one.		This drink was so bad I couldn't even finish one can. It smells and tastes like very, very bitter grapefruit. I actually like pink grapefruit drinks, but this was so bitter I had to add a packet of Splenda just to drink a few swallows.  Given the high price ($10.50 for four slim cans as of this writing), I'm afraid to try another flavor.  My recommendation is to see if you can find one can in a grocery store to try first...
1,ok
1,smashed
1,not so good
1,Doesn't remind me of salted Carmel. A little weird. I'd rather have their honey roasted.
1,This is not nearly as good as fiber One 80 Honey squares \ Which are no longer being made. Too bad as that was the best cereal I ever ate!
1,A gift
1,I expected a different product.. its too hard to use.
1,It sucks! Absolutely sucks! It tastes bad, doesn't spread, even when warm. Don't buy this garbage, it totally sucks. Puke in a jar!
1,I've been eating this and and competing similar products as a part of a dietary meal plan, so I thought I'd share my experience. I'm not going to focus on nutritional details since that's readily available on the package. Instead I'm focusing solely on subjective experience, and since I ordered a wide variety of similar products I'm going to use a standard template because I'm lazy that way.		PREPARATION: Unlike the other entrees I've been eating, this one had some assembly required. Opening the package reveals a covered bowl containing a large plastic package of noodles, a smaller plastic package of teriyaki sauce, and two tiny foil packages containing dried vegetables and sesame seeds. The instructions called for putting the noodles in first, then the vegetables, then the teriyaki sauce, then two tablespoons of water, cover loosely with the lid, and microwave on high for 90 seconds. Given that the vegetables were dried I opted to put them in first (so the water would have a better chance of reaching them) and that worked well. Heating time was accurate; 90 seconds in a 900w microwave oven on a rotating plate, followed by a one minute rest, perfectly heated the entree.		OBSERVATIONS: The vegetables are an honest-to-goodness joke. I understand that they need to be so tiny in order to properly rehydrate during preparation, but the quantity of vegetables is so tiny and their contribution to the dish is so meaningless that I don't even really understand why they're included in the first place. There's MAYBE a tablespoon of vegetables in here and they add nothing in terms of flavor or texture and almost nothing in appearance. The teriyaki sauce is thicker than I would have preferred, and is not as strong as the teriyaki sauces you might encounter in a restaurant. I prefered this, actually, since I'm not a big fan of strong teriyaki sauces. The noodles, of course, are the star of this dish...but it's a dim star. The noodles are gummy and sticky with an unpleasant rubbery feel in the mouth. The teriyaki sauce helps reduce the stickiness of the noodles but not enough. Partway through the dish I added a tiny bit of sesame oil to what was left and gave it a good stir; that helped quite a bit, though the unpleasant mouth feel remained. The sesame seeds were nothing special but DID add a bit of welcome texture variation.		VERDICT: Not really digging this one and likely won't re-order it. The mouth feel of the noodles really spoils any hope for improvement of this dish, but I DO think there is room for improvement. Doubling or even tripling the vegetables would go a long way, I think, and even though this is a vegan dish I think it would be a lot more satisfying with a couple ounces of chicken in there.
1,I was really disappointed by the heat/spiciness of this dish, especially when it's marked with only one chili pepper. I love Indian food and I used to be able to eat very spicy dishes, but I'm a disable senior who needs milder flavors now - durn. I did think the flavor and texture was good if it just had not been so hot. For those who can tolerate the extra heat, if you like paneer dishes, I imagine you'd like this. There is always no doubt about convenience and ease with these products and I'm glad they are available, just wish there were more that old ladies could eat!
1,Hope u have someone very strong around!	And they don't work as we'll as ketotifen fumarate products	 Ingredients.
1,They changed the ingredients, breaks easy, threw them away
1,eww
1,Hated the taste
1,Very disappointed,they feel like a dry baby wipe.should have just bought paper towels.
1,over half of these were rejected by my Keurig machine...would like my money back!
1,Didn't like this at all, but could be that I don't like the flavors of kimchee. I poured off the seasoned liquid and the noodles were much better.
1,I love Pop-Tarts but this flavor is not for me!  I don't feel it even resembles the taste of peanut butter and jelly.  It is sweet but not much of a specifically recognizable taste.
1,Nasty!
1,Terrible tasting cookie. Nothing like I remembered as a kid. Actual cookie tasted and seemed more like a flavorless soda cracker than what I remembered. Do not recommend, save your money.
1,Nope.  Lots of decaf and weird flavors I was not expecting.
1,Not very effective for the hand washed pots and pans. Didn't at all care for the feel of the soap.
1,I wouldn't buy this brand again. It was the worst but wasn't really my taste.
1,Awful. Never will I buy this soup again. In order to not waste my money or food, I had to add seasoning to make up for how bland tasting this soup was and diced up turkey sausage to make up for how there was hardly any chicken pieces/chunks in this soup.
1,Used to love these. Searched around Austin but fewer grocers carry them. Excited to find them on Amazon. Sadly, they have gone from blue to brown and nearly tasteless. Seems to be true of too many organic products. Just opened second bag. Brown. Tasteless. Too thick. Reduced to 1 star.
1,some of the chips were too hard to eat
1,Not a fan of this particular flavor. Willing to try the others. But it has a strange aftertaste that I don't find enjoyable.
1,What happened to taste?  These were like cardboard.  I love regular crunchy chips ahoy but these taste horrible.  I would never purchase these again.  Sorry Nabisco.
1,Caused stye in my eye twice.  Certainly could be just me and nothing to do with the product itself but I don't think I could recommend this.  Two stars b/c it does provide relief
1,Bugs in the box
1,These bandaids were OK but I could not get them to stick for a long time anytime a went about my day. They would become undone. The antibiotic ointment on it was nice but I could just as easily Put my own neosporin on over all I probably would not buy these again.
1,OK, I know green is supposed to be good for you, but the overpowering apple base of this drink just ruins it for me. The apple juice is too sweet and it just doesn't pair right with the other juices. Yuck! If you like apple juice, maybe it's for you. Good price, if I liked it.
1,The whole office hated this coffee. Tough to store. Leaves a weird residue in the bottom of your cup.
1,Once you get past the added flavor, it is just peanuts left.  Flavor goes fast, so it really doesn't taste right.  I like sea salt and vinegar, just not on peanuts - obviously.
1,These are a bit flexible but not fabric. plastic band aid and will leave your skin sticky.
1,Too salty and dry.
1,Rank rotten
1,Puffed millet is in a plastic bag and smells with plastic when open. Tastes like millet with plastic. I will not buy again. I don't know if it is even tasty.
1,These Band-Aids are kind of a nuisance. They stick fine and cover the cut all right, the problem is when you try to take them off, they shred and you have to pick them off in little bits. Last one was in more than a dozen pieces. Adhesive is much stronger than the material it's on. And if you use them on the bottom of your foot and you're pressing the adhesive all day long, it could take a good ten minutes to unstick all the bits.		I expected better from the brand-name bandages. Would not recommend.
1,Updated from 5 star down to 1, simply because these are one use only. Unless you want wired particals and rust on your dishes etc. I figured out how to not waste these by cutting them into 4 pieces. But it's the hassle and I shouldn't have to!
1,It is difficult to know by the picture of the bag and the picture is the same on the larger bags.  Pay close attention to the oz size for all these pantry purchases.  Love the chips though.
1,I trusted Amazon and Chicken of the Sea and never in my wildest imagination thought their tuna could almost cause my death...but IT ALMOST DID!  I started getting diarrhea and thought it was from a virus or mild flu until I lose  33 lbs. in little over 1 month.  Investigation led to the discovery of HEAVY AMOUNTS OF MICE DROPPINGS IN THE CANS...TO THE POINT, EVEN MY CAT WON'T EAT IT!  DO NOT BUY..AND IF YOU HAVE EATEN...GO DIRECTLY TO THE DOCTOR!!!!!!
1,Does not taste like Cream Cheese. More like butter flavored shortening. Don't buy. It is just bad.
1,the lotion is so thick it will not pump from the bottle, it barely pours in my hand when the pump is out of the bottle and i am holding the bottle upside down and tapping the bottle. I like the product but, it needs a different dispersing method.,
1,Gag me, with a spoon.
1,Yeah.... no.  My kids tried but did NOT like these much.		I thought they tasted fine, but definitely not snack worthy.
1,Just OK.  Not the best.
1,These are just the worst thing I have ever tasted. They are super mushy. However, my dogs love them so it wasn't a total loss.
1,the box came from the point of origin obviously infected with flour-beetles, because there were no any flour and grains in my pantry; i opened it a month later, and thus was unable to ask for refund. If you had bought this brand, watch out for flour beetles
1,They don't do anything.  They just sit there in the bowl like an oddly colored turd that never flushes.  The smell is almost gone, it doesn't keep the bowl clean, and worst of all THEY NEVER DISSOLVE.  So what's the point?
1,Nunca llego a la direccion que se solicito y no me devuelven mi dinero
1,Way to dry, not impressed.
1,I tried. I really did. These are hideous. My newly college graduated nephew thought they were terrible too, but as a broke youngun' he took them off my hands!! I really wanted to like these so that I could have a healthy boost of protein to manage my blood sugar and stay slim, but they really are unbearable - I'd rather eat nothing or a rice cake.
1,The aftertaste is very chemically tasting. I use Stevia in coffee without a problem, so I was surprised at the strong taste.
1,The expiration was only three days away once delivered. The food product was dry and actually hard. We couldn't eat this and it wasn't allowed to be returned. This actually happened to MOST of the food items in my order. What a waste of money. It all went into the trash. So upset about this. I will never order food from online again.
1,Not a fan of the taste at all
1,Don't know what is going on with zip local but they are no longer providing quality bags. The break open very easily in the seams
1,Leaves sore bumps on my tongue and side of my mouth.  Maybe I'm allergic to something in this gum because it's never happened with any other cinnamon gum.
1,Would not buy again. I thought these were chips made from vegetables but its mostly powders.  Taste is blah.
1,Too much of a chemical taste.  I know, it's artificial plavors, but some chips do a better job of tasting less like chemicals ...  this one doesn't.
1,The K-pod is no good for tea as there is no steeping time.  Great service from Amazon.
1,Good for oven cooking.
1,I am a devotee of Band-Aid bandages.  I normally purchase small packs from the local pharmacy, but in an effort to safe a few $$ I went with this box.  Boy, was I disappointed.  These seem like knock-offs.  The edges fray even before you put the bandage on, they either come off quickly or are so adhesive that they leave a layer of goop on your skin.  Once I am done with this box, and it will not be soon enough, I am back to the 30 count boxes on Main Street.
1,So I bought this thinking it was normal tuna.  Nope.  White tuna is not normal tuna.  Its creepy and I don't like it.
1,I did not care for the flavor.  Reminded me of rice krispy treats.
1,Tasted artificial and had a strong, weird aftertaste. I bought two of these and they both tasted the same. They were both within the expiration dates.	Manufacturer said it had likely been exposed to high temperatures, and gave me coupons for free replacement.
1,Too sweet
1,I ordered this unsweetened coconut to use in a homemade trail mix.  I love fresh coconut, but not the work involved, so I thought this would be the next-to-best thing.  The coconut is almost tasteless.  I now have 3 1/2 bags left that I will probably never use.  Anyone want to buy 3 unopened bags of tasteless coconut?
1,My little Chihuahua really has to be in the mood to eat these. She used to love them, but now she'll either take a few bites or snub her nose and walk away. I don't think I'll be purchasing these again.
1,The picture looks like the same rolls you would buy in Walmart or Target but it's not.  I was surprised at how small these rolls are. The store rolls are 100 sheets, these are only 66 sheets.
1,I always buy ziplock bags and have no issues but the ones I got here did not zip properly at all. Hopefully I just got a bad batch.
1,dented cans
1,Gross will not ever order again, cannot stand these.
1,not worth the money terrible paper towels
1,Unhappy with questionable ingredients now that Tom's sold to P&G. It's not what it was early on; won't buy again.
1,I am an adult, but I keep a small fridge in my bedroom to keep my insulin in and bottled water and sometime individual drinks in. So when I read the reviews and kept hearing hiw this was low in sugar and not that sweet, I thought as a diabetic, this maybe something I should try.		I am sad to say I really didn't like it. It taste like when you fill a glass with ice and then with some juice and you drink all the juice but the little corner at the end that you don't drink cause you don't want to take the chance of turning up the glass cause all the ice might fall out on your face.		Then you leave the glass on the table, and come back when to it and all the ice is melted and you stir up the liquid with that wee little bit of juice at the bottom of the cup and you drink it. It's like it's mostly the taste of water and that tiny, little speck of flavor from the juice.		You don't get a taste of any of the watermelon or apple at all. To me, it's just water in a pouch. I'm sorry, I won't be buying this product again.
1,OK
1,I was truly disappointed in them. I expected them to have a definitive PB Cup taste and they did not. They just tasted like regular Chips Ahoy soft cookies that VERY rarely had a slightly peanut butter flavor.
1,Thin-ply
1,I will not buy strawberry again. Funny taste
1,Sorry - I fully expected I would have a great review for Maxwell House coffee, but this particular batch of K-cups is a disaster.  The first cup I brewed, the K-pot ran really slow, and seemed to struggle to finish brewing the cup.  My next cup that morning was a different coffee, and the pot brewed normally again.  Next day, the Maxwell House pods again brewed very slowly.  The next day, my pot would not brew at all.  Nothing would get it to brew.  Eventually (after finding coffee elsewhere) I did all the cleaning things, especially the upper needle.  I ran plain water (no pod) and got a cup loaded with very fine coffee grounds. I ran this cleaning a few times.  I used other pods for a while, and all was fine in my world.  But in the interest of science, I ran plain water after each cup - no fine grounds. So, now I tried another MH pod - and the problem instantly came back.  After the very slow brew, I ran a plain water through, and again had a cup loaded with fine grounds.  I know the coffee is probably fine, but the pods are defective, and dangerous to my pot - which has been a loyal and dependable machine until now.  And me without coffee - well, that is dangerous too!  ;-)
1,Not much flavor.
1,Both of them broke after using them only a few times. I have used these before and know how to use them. Frustration.
1,Actually, it is our 2 dogs that unfortunately hate it. I really thought they would at least like them, if not love them.  I truly am sorry that this has to be a negative review.
1,What happened?! Is this the Band-Aid brand rejects? So far half of these that we used either stretched apart while opening, or had little to no stick to them. Come on Band-aid, you can do better! Go for the cloth type or waterproof ones if you are going to buy band-aid brand.
1,Contains Sucralose and sugar.  I looked on the box for the word DIET but it wasn't there.  Has that awful, artificial sweetener aftertaste.  Now I'm stuck with them.  Very disappointing.
1,Yuk. Feed these to the pigeons. They might like it.
1,One cat won't touch the stuff and the other one thinks it Manna from heaven. I don't think she knows its whats causing her gastric distress in the litter box.
1,Meh. Totally underwhelming. I was expecting a big bold flavor and all there is to find here is sweet pork. Too sweet for my tastes with no other real spice or flavorings to back it up. I love sweet and hot, but just sweet portk? No thanks. A seemingly really small bag for the price too. I'll pass next time.
1,Zip top rips easily.
1,Tasted awful. Were mushy.
1,These do not have the same yummy, buttery taste as the originals.  Brach's caramels and very expensive ones, but NOT these.  Left flavor out IMHO.
1,Yuckola.
1,Causes more problems than solutions!  Stay away!
1,This was grainy & didn't taste good. Not even teenagers would finish it.
1,Not very flavorful
1,Not very cheesy flavored.
1,Very poor absorption.
1,Terrible cereal.
1,Poor.
1,A bit to sweet for my personal taste. Wasn't quite as tasty as I thought they might be, but again it is a matter of personal taste.
1,Three people in our family have had pneumonia since September. We're going a bit nuts about it because it keeps coming back. I bought these in an effort to do a major cleaning, then use one or two of these in every room daily to wipe down handles and surfaces.  I put them everywhere, and also bought the Window wipes that they make as well.  Twice a day I wipe sinks and counters and toilet handles and seats (last).  In the kitchen I am using them constantly.		Thing is, they irritate my hands (little blisters around my fingers.  There aren't that many in a pack, or else they are very small, they just don't seem to last when you need two or three at a time.  They smell great, but the top is hard to shut so I can see them drying out fast and being ruined if they get bumped (the lids pop up).		And we're still sick.
1,The smell of these is too strong - it's overwhelming when I first put one in the trashcan. Doesn't seem to do much to shield odors once it's full, either, so it's pointless. They also seem pretty thing, I have been in fear of them tearing right through a few times already.
1,Quaker Oatmeal Squares, Cinnamon, Breakfast Cereal, 14.5 oz. (411g) Box, by Quaker Cereal.	It is difficult to get very excited about this rather bland cereal, even with a little cinnamon to give it some taste.  It is too sweet, it is very chewy and slow to eat, and it is medium-high in salt content (190mg). Salt (Sodium) is not good for anyone with high blood pressure, or anyone trying to control fluid retention. I emptied the rest of the box into my birdfeed barrel.  Mixed in with the regular birdfeed, the birds and squirrels did not complain, and the food did not go to waste. I could only give this Quaker Oatmeal Squares Cinnamon Breakfast Cereal two Amazon stars.		The Nutrition Facts, and Ingredients, as listed on the box:		Nutrition Facts:	Serving Size  1 Cup (56g); Servings Per Container  about 7.	Amount Per Serving:	Calories  210 (Calories from Fat  25).	Total Fat  2.5g (Saturated Fat  0.5g, Trans Fat  0g, Polyunsaturated Fat  1g, Monounsaturated Fat  1g).	Cholesterol  0mg.	Sodium  190mg.	Potassium  200mg.	Total Carbohydrate  44g ((Dietary Fiber  5g, (Soluble Fiber  2g), Sugars  9g, Other Carbohydrate  30g)).	Protein  6g.		Ingredients:	Whole grain oat flour, whole grain wheat flour, brown sugar, sugar, maltodextrin, malted barley extract, cinnamon, molasses, salt, calcium carbonate, sodium bicarbonate, natural flavor, sodium ascorbate, reduced iron, alpha tocopheryl acetate, BHT (preservative), niacinamide (vitamin B3), zinc oxide, thiamin mononitrate (vitamin B1), folic acid, pyridoxine hydrochloride (vitamin B6), vitamin A palmitate, riboflavin (vitamin B2).		CONTAINS WHEAT INGREDIENTS.	Partially Produced With Genetic Engineering.	!00% WHOLE GRAIN, 46g or more per serving. EAT 48g OR MORE OF WHOLE GRAINS DAILY.		Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.		DISTRIBUTED BY: OATS COMPANY, P.O. BOX 049003, CHICAGO, IL  60604-9003 U.S.A.; 2016 The Quaker Oats Company; web: QuakerOats.com; Facebook: Facebook.com/Quaker or @Quaker; phone: 1.800.234.6281; single container UPC Code: 0 30000 06153 4.
1,This was a very bad idea, and should be considered that by ALL COMERS.	Go with the fresh-bag approach. Have not received --ONE-- edible, or even slightly fresh can as of yet.	Still searching for an even partially edible option, THIS IS NOT IT.
1,just not our tase-we tried them as something new.	easy to use-
1,Delicious but broken. Makes a better crumble topping them ice cream cone. Box was in perfect condition but cones were crushed.
1,Very disappointing.  Very bland and not a great nutritional choice.  Steel cut oatmeal sweetened yourself is a better option.  This is pricey compared to other instant oatmeal as well.
1,tastes worse than bad breath
1,Chips are pretty good but this bag is not worth the price. there is nothing but crumbs in the bag. Its like a snack for a  toddler size.
1,Easy to prepare, but not very appetizing.
1,Don't waste your time or money .... this is just tortillas, seasoning, and a VERY small amount of cheese sauce. My family found it VERY disappointing. I like their other products but this is a fail.
1,Product looks outdated. The color of this bodywash looks dull and blackish tone to it!!! I have used this one before and surely the color looks odd enough. Not willing to use it!!
1,when i got these they were smashed and had popped open ! I'm really getting tired of damaged products in deliveries No i don't think someone got into them it was obvious that other products had smashed them and many other products
1,It cloggs the razor and is not that smooth.
1,They are ok but the donuts leave a wax-like residue on my tongue.  Can go without.
1,Price way better here
1,These are really bland. They are no where near as good as the Idahoan brand that are cheaper and easier to make.
1,Doesn't -technically- contains SLS, but it has similarly drying and sudsing ingredients. I adore tea tree oil and its scent, but this doesn't smell like tea tree, it smells chemical-y and artificial-citrus-y. Like Lysol, which isn't how I'd prefer to smell.	Also much harsher and stripping than typical "SLS-free" shampoos.
1,Did not like this oatmeal too much.
1,It is taste olds
1,Totally not what I expected. It doesn't even feel like my hands are being lathered with soap. It feels like a very thin consistency. Very disappointed in this product.
1,i do not like this item, it smells funny, i wish i can return it.
1,Flavorless
1,Odd texture. Not obsorbant.  I'll save for cleaning the mirrors. Won't buy again.
1,too sweet.  This is a pretty watery soup and sugar is listed before water.  I don't eat much sugar so when I tasted this it was just too sweet for me.  I like chicken tortilla soup but have never had one that required sugar in the recipe.  I like the fact that it is organic, but as for flavor it just didn't taste like a tortilla soup to me.  I will just continue to make my own.
1,super perfumey, unbearably so. Unbearably awful. I'll choose other scents from Suave. I love their products but this one is just horrid.
1,It is not good tasting.
1,These are gross.  Now I know why they were like $1 each.  LOL
1,I was hoping for something similar to the Apple bees spinach dip it was not. I was not a fan of it. It was very slimy and it wasn't very big. I would say not worth it
1,I orginally purchased this because of an idea I saw on pinterest: to line the shelves of our fridge to help ease with the clean up of the crumbs and spills.	It doesnt stick. It doesnt stick to plastic, glass or anything else, other than itself. Ugh. Will most likely toss it.	Great idea, poor quality product.
1,I didn't read how many of each there were, that's on me (most of them are regular), but they're sort of flavourless, and that's on the product.		They also came on the bottom of the pantry box and therefore the top row dug into the bottom row of chips and now I have a bunch of these that have a rip in the cover.
1,I decided to try this cereal for a little variety, familiar with Kashi and a consumer of their Kashi Go Lean protein powder. The protein powders are fine, and I do well with them, but this cereal makes my gut wrench painfully, immediately after eating it, and causes severe gas and other unpleasantries for a minimum of 24h every time I eat it. Ive experienced this from one other of their dry cereals previously, their Heart to Heart product, but this is worse. No, its not because theres soy in it- soy and I are friends.		The texture is rather sawdusty, but tolerable. A bit too sweet for me, but the clincher is the terrible digestive issues it causes. I don't think I will be getting this product often, if ever again. I give 2 stars however for the nutritional pow it carries (if your body is OK with it)- fiber, protein, and more.
1,11 oz. of mediocre chocolate for over $12.	Why would anybody pay this price?!?
1,STALE
1,i thought I was buying in water :-(
1,I always crave salty, crunchy snacks with a little kick to them, so I thought that these would be perfect. Unfortunately, they were a disappointment. I like the chili lime flavor- the citrus and spice are a great combo and very well balanced, but it was the texture that I didn't care for. Instead of being crunchy, they're rather soft, almost like they're boiled rather than roasted.		Instead of devouring these within a day, as I usually do, they've been sitting in my kitchen cabinet for a few months.
1,My kids didn't like them.  They are also pretty hard.
1,Didn't really enjoy this coffee compared to other ones we've tried for single serve.  It lacked robustness that other dark roast coffees offer.
1,Tiny little rolls. They are soft but you don't get much for the cost.
1,I was expecting this to be a box of 12 family size pouches (as pictured) this is one small package of potatoes. I found this to be very disappointing experience and I shall not order this again.
1,When i received the box it was damaged and laundry detergent was all inside box spilled on food and can of sprite was exploded and cookies had soap all over them and box of Barilla Pasta, Spaghetti, 32 Ounce was open and popcorn with soap every where so I am a little mad right now!!
1,smashed box and a mess
1,IF you want a sugar buzz, these are for you.  I didi not find much cappuccino taste or feel, instead it is over sweet with too much vanilla.  IF they cut back on the sugar and just had a nice hint of vanilla, these might be okay.  It just seems like they use the sugar and flavor to compensate for a lack of coffee and real flavor
1,This is not a particularly good selection from Knorr. I like some of their side-dish offerings, but this one simply did not taste like stroganoff. I added sour cream in an attempt to create a more authentic taste, but that was just a waste of good sour cream.		The picture on the front of the package is very light cream color like Alfredo sauce, but the sauce should be a light brown. This sauce prepared is actuality it is a kind of sickly taupe/gray color which is not very appetizing. The envelope I received has a best buy date twelve months in the future.  It failed on taste and appearance, so I will definitely not buy this variety again.
1,Unfortunately not as described on package! Chocolate was at bottom of bag with pretzels broken and some had bits of chocolate others not! SNYDERS a great company but this brand was a miss:(
1,The rolls are extra thin I wish I had a regular roll to compare seriously you're wasting your money
1,Yuck, not taste, soft, = didn't like at all!
1,Very smelly, heavy perfume used in this soap for some reason. Almost smells like cologne, just really really strong.		Avoid this bar if you don't want flashbacks to middle school dances.
1,My hair is so tangled when I use this, I lose so much trying to get it unknotted. Not worth it.
1,Was between this & the plain jane 'multibran' variety during a Warehouse firesale, and am upset I went against previous experience (& thus my instinct) & went for these. The addition of raisins means you get less bran, since they're packaged by weight, and that you also can look forward to some tooth strengthening.
1,Gave my son and I both an awful set of burps, and then I started reading online how canola and vegetable oils are not processed by the body.  I believe that's true in our case.  Threw them out and went to coconut, palm oil and ghee instead.
1,I'm nearly old enough to collect Social Security, so these beans came into existence during my youth.  As a youth, I remember them tasting smokey, with a little salt pork square in the can.  They were good hot, not too spicy, not too sweat.		Now, just last night, my Prime Pantry order arrived and I longingly looked at the can (I ordered 4), decided to open it and have some.  KETCHUP.  That's what it tasted like.  Not at all what I remembered.		Now, if you have the same experience, fix the stuff by adding just a few drops (no more) of Wright's hickory smoke, offered here at Amazon in quart and gallon sizes.  That's one of the best food purchases I've ever made, but it's VERY strong.  So only a few drops (much stronger and better than, say, Colgin).  Then these beans will begin to taste like they used to.		Where you find the salt pork, lol I don't know.  Didn't realize it made such a difference, until now.
1,Tasted like hard cardboard. Not good at all.
1,The unpleasant odor even after rinsing and cooking is unappealing.
1,Love the product but the packaging is insanely difficult to open. Knives and razor to open. Very hazardous. Absolutely was frustrated by the whole thing. It ended up breaking and spilling all over in my attempt to open. Will not be buying it again
1,Super healthy!
1,Nothing wrong with product but I do not like the texture, wife loves them.
1,They're okay. They taste almost exactly like salt and vinegar and nothing more, so if you don't like salt and vinegar chips, you won't like these.
1,I did not care for this flavor much. Thought they were a little tough also. Almost like a stale texture n
1,Nasty!  I had to pour all the cans in the garbage.  Terrible taste.
1,I was a little disappointed with these coffee cakes.  I like cinnamon but these had too much.  I had baked apples to ear with the cakes and some	great ice cream but even those additions didn't help that much.  Probably won't purchase again.
1,gross
1,smashed
1,I bought this product because I heard electric tooth brushes are better for your teeth. The bristles were very soft and did nothing for my teeth. I went back to my normal one with sturdy bristles. I suppose it would be great if you had sensitivities but I just did not feel clean after using this brush.
1,wayyyyy too sweet. Also it taste like the gross candy watermelon not actual watermelon
1,These were stale
1,These were all stuck together and not what wanted.
1,I finally figured out that all of these different brands of eye drops use the same bunch of ingredients. Some have more of one or less of another, some leave out one or add another. But they're all more or less the same. I was born with dry eyes but then had lasik and made it worse. Learned to live with that, but then had cataract surgery, and here we go again! Tried all kinds of drops, not just these. Almost all of them made me have to use more and more drops all day. In other words, irritated my eyes worse than they already were. A friend suggested that I try normal saline drops. It was a miracle! I started using them and immediately my need for eye drops lessened. Now I don't use anything but normal saline, and mostly first thing in the morning and in the evening when my eyes get tired. I'm happy to not be putting all these chemicals into my eyes anymore. Saline was the answer for me.
1,I bought these for holiday baking and only needed a small amount for a couple of recipes. I assumed that they would melt when baking, but the opposite effect happened and they were as hard as rock. And these are overly sweet. Eating a sugar cube would have been easier. So much for taking shortcuts with a product that I am unfamiliar with.
1,Almost tasteless
1,she made this and it did not come out right, came out super hard no good,  she did just what the directions said and they were not good at all
1,Too much stinking sugar makes this drink terrible
1,Not good flavor
1,i didn't care for the mix, some flavors were really off for me
1,Leaves hair sticky.
1,Soggy and not a good flavor
1,A Trump voter must have created these paper towels.  THEY ARE SO CLINGY you have to unroll them first, then re-roll them prior to use, or you risk pulling the whole roll down when you grab one.  They are only somewhat absorbent; but if SOFT is your sine qua non, then get them.  These are the softest paper towels I've ever encountered.  I leave the smallest size in the microwave to absorb moisture.  But again, so clingy that they don't STAY at the bottom of the microwave after you remove food, but CLING to the bottom of the bowl/plate, etc.		I never will buy them again for that CLINGY reason.
1,Too thick with a plastic like feel to it. Stopped using in a week.
1,Nothing chocolate about these. A little chocolate powder on almonds
1,If you're looking for oatmeal with a bit of a bite to it texture-wise, quaker old-fashioned oats (that you cook for 7-8 minutes) is way better.  The texture of this is gummy and kinda awful.
1,We're stale.
1,not good tasting, no chocolate flavor, hard as a rock (the size of a pebble too).
1,My baby loves this a good product and do nice I couldn't ask for a better price
1,gross no flavor  and made in China. I don't trust food made in China.
1,Like eating salty cardboard.
1,Absolutely nothing like Glad Wrap or Saran Wrap. This Is Awful. Doesn't stick to regualr plastic bowls, not a great seal on food, either. I wish I never wasted the money on this. If you want Glad Wrap or Saran Wrap, buy that, and not this instead.
1,I like the price point but hate how hard it is to mix this up. Separation is expected in such a product, but I end up having to drain the oil off into a mixing bowl and then prying out the sesame paste with a fork. I work it with a whisk for five minutes or so and then pour it back into the can. I have purchased other brands that reach just require a quick stir with a spoon right in the container.
1,These 7 oz boxes are $1.00 or so at the dollar store. Not worth it.
1,Was OK when mixed with frozen broccoli, but very salty.
1,I love Seventh Generation and like to buy recycled paper goods for the house. I won't be buying these tissues again, though, recycled or not. They're thin and rough. They are probably fine for using once or twice a day, but I have a cold and my nose has been chapped to the point of bleeding using these.  Plus, they're so thin, I pull out two or three just so they don't tear and get snot all over my hands anyway. So saving trees by recycling is probably evened out by using multiple tissues at once.
1,They are much more convenient than liquid bleach but they are also very expensive!!
1,I imagine that many people like this product, but I do not.  It tastes "earthy" to me.  I had liked veggie chips purchased at a health food store, so took the risk here that I would like these.  I lost my $22.00 gamble by buying a case of 24.  Hope I can find someone who does like them.
1,Ewwww not tasty! I love lemon desserts, but this was a fail. Stick to the regular or birthday cake oreos.
1,Didn't like this product at all.
1,Best peach flavored iced tea.
1,This chili is nasty! I opened it, Took 1 bite couldn't stand it, fed it to my dog she loved it. Makes good dog food.
1,After reading the reviews, I decided to give this fabric softener a try.  Was very disappointed.  I will not be buying again and will stick to my Downy.
1,Maybe it's just my taste buds,  but using 2 in one cup can barely taste the Hazelnut.
1,Nope; ate 2, then one more.  Sent them back. Did not have good flavor. Not sure why? I read the reviews and I thought I would give them a try. Nope, nope, nope.
1,The crackers tasted stale and the cheese food substance was a little gross.
1,Picture was totally white, but I had this colored pattern... I don't like it.
1,I don't know what it is with some of the stuff I order from prime pantry but this was stale
1,I didn't realize it, but this is just another conditioner.  I didn't see any volumizing effect at all.  I bought it along with the "densifying gelee," and I wish I had stuck with just the latter.  Now I have a huge bottle of conditioner that does the same thing as all my other huge bottles of conditioner.
1,I was really hoping this soup would be creamy and substantial and looked forward to eating it for the first time. Sadly, it is watery and lacking in flavor. However, it is low sodium and organic, which are two positives. I was terribly disappointed.
1,Ugh, these were so bitter. I really enjoy very dark chocolate, and I was hoping these would be a good snack, but I don't see how they would be edible unless they were mixed in with something very sweet.
1,Not that Hot
1,Not as good as expected. Leaves a slight bitter aftertaste.  Not up to standard for Newman branded products.
1,I can't say that I can for this flavor (Reese's), but they were mehish. So I guess OK.
1,Barqs is a childhood favorite of mine, so I picked up a 12 pack for old time sake. I don't drink very much soda (maybe a few times per year) so this was a lot of soda for me. Sadly, the High Fructose Corn Syrup kills my enjoyment of this beverage. I'd gladly pay double the price if they'd use real cane sugar (and not that GMO beat sugar either!) instead. Still, even despite the HFCS, Barqs taste pretty good. I don't regret the purchase, because I mostly bought it for nostalgia reasons, but this is definitely the last time I will ever buy a soda with corn syrup in it.
1,not very tasty; oatmeal tends to clump at the bottom of the bowl
1,dont use qtip just on the outside do not insert
1,These are one long string of bags that need to be torn appart to separate from each other. Some times they tear on the perforations and sometimes they just tear. If you successfully get one separated, you will need to find a way to get it open. Ether a pair of grippy gloves or damp fingers will be required. Again, you may irreparably tear the bag. If so, start over and if your successful this time you can use this second (or third) bag to throw away the now useless, torn bag. Huge waist of my time. My 8 yo is incapable of accomplishing this task, thereby putting more work on my plate. I do like the tie flaps if the bag survives being put in the trash can, it ties nice. Just be careful not to tear it tying it . Glad makes a much better tie flap bags (in a box) that doesn't require separation on a perforation. Don't get these, they're a pain in the @$$.
1,Less water used for processing, and it'd be tastier.	Not my favorite salsa anymore.
1,Why did I think these would taste as good as ghirardelli. No, they are not even close. I even tried to add chocolate chips to them but they don't have that deep delicious rich chocolate flavor regardless of what I do to try and enhance them.
1,Was looking forward to a snack not to feel guilty about, what I got was a bag of square semi-crunchy pieces of a no-taste, no flavor snack. I did not spend much, but wish I hadn't even spent anything, took them to work and left them on the employee break table---
1,I bought this because of the good reviews but my lips seem to get chapper when I use them. I like the baby lips dr. rescue a lot more. It also looks really white on your lips and make you look like you are sick
1,yuck
1,Really wanted to like these but yuck.
1,Did care for much. Ate this as snack straight from box.
1,has questionable or toxic ingredients, much to my surprise and chagrin	(HFCS!)
1,Extra strong brand. Bags.  Easy to poke holds in
1,Don't try to use this salt in a shaker; it has the consistency of damp sand. Very disappointing at a very steep price!
1,Barely edible for me, the only good thing I can say is that they are better than the regular cheddar variety which are nasty.
1,stale
1,I didn't take into consideration the fact they are "everyday" plates.	Not up to my standards
1,seem to dissolve when wet, don't tear clean when grabbing for a towel.  Won't buy again.  Back to Bounty I guess.
1,doesn't work for me at all
1,I wanted to like this product because it is supposed to be healthier. I didn't. Flakes were too big to be used for anything. Not a fan and won't be ordering again. Ended up throwing it out.
1,the tabs are easy to tear off. I like the originals better.
1,Grease stains on each individual box w/pie in it inside the bigger box was NOT appealing;  pies were like a mouth-full of cheap gummy artificial flavor cherry. Not at all like the Hostess fruit pies I used to buy individually packaged in the grocery stores in waxed paper wrappers. These were smaller also.  Definitely not worth the $6.00 a box purchase price.  Would never buy these again.
1,NO EXPIRATION DATE on product. NO DATE AT ALL. I don't know when they made this product or when it is good by. Also it is all STRAWBERRY DUST. And the container was so sticky and nasty when I received it. Please don't sell food without expiration dates on them ....  Also the strawberries were VERY stale and chewy - which is why I checked the expiration date which I never found .... They are supposed to be CRISP!
1,Whoever packed this order packed everything together all of my groceries were smashed and my carpet freshener had exploded and covered everything so half of my order has to be thrown away.
1,Hmmm...how could salted caramel peanuts not be good? I actually threw around a third of them away. I just didn't want to eat another one. It seems like this is a flavor that you could use natural ingredients for, but it's artificially flavored and really tastes like it.
1,Ok in a pinch - just do not pinch me
1,I never thought Iwould give a Hostess product a one star review!	These are awful!  They have a funny sour smell when you open the box, fake berry I think.  The pastry isn't pastry anymore it is just like bread and not good bread at that.	Where is the cream cheese?	I would have given these a negitive 5 if I could!	Bad! Bad! Bad!
1,With the ever long race to reduce prices. It seems they have cut the amount of cinnamon used in this.	There is only a slight hint of a cinnamon taste to it.	I doubt I will buy this again, any time soon.
1,Although this new beverage may taste great, Pepsi has yet to be held accountable for the deforestation taking place at their hands. Once the rainforests are destroyed, we can't magically bring them back. But, Pepsi can find a way to acquire sustainable Palm Oil not linked to deforestation. Animals such as the sumerian tiger, orangutans, and countless other species are being pushed to the brink of extinction by giants like Pepsi Co. Let's make sure that they know that enough is enough. It's time for Pepsi to truly lead the way and commit to only buying palm oil from 100% sustainable sources -- now.
1,This is the WORST chip I have ever tasted in my life....Now, keep in mind this is just my personal opinion, but the best way I can think of to describe it is so: Imagine you went down to whitecastle and picked yourself up a bunch of sliders...You gulp them down, and you ate so much that you got sick, and vomited it all up. Then someone comes a long and dehydrates your vomit, and compresses them into chip form and packages them up to sell to you.		To me, that's how it tastes! It has a slight sour taste combined with a very strong whitecastle(And ketchup) flavor. It was so bad, that I almost threw up. My stomach kept going into convulsions and I couldn't eat anymore.		To be fair, I gave the rest of the tube to my cousin, and he seemed to love them...So, judging by that, and most of the reviews here on Amazon, I am very much in the minority I guess. Still, for me? This is something I will never touch again, and I love Pringles, but a part of me isn't even sure if I can look at a tube of chips again without getting sick.
1,This product overall is good, though I am starting to taste whatever makes it diet, and think I'll switch back to just brewing my own tea. If you get this, get the citrus flavor. The mixed berry is a bit much.
1,Taste good but very hard to get out.
1,I have naturally wavy thin fine hair. It's hard to deal with. I read all the positive reviews and bought this. I now barely have any wave in my hair and it's stringy. I like my waves. I don't like the ragdoll look.
1,The product was old.
1,I do a lot of gluten free baking, and I normally love Bob's Red Mill.  This mix is really gross though.  The final product smells moldy, and tastes awful.  It's a weird combination of crazy crumbly (you can't even slice it properly), and overly moist (it's so moist that it almost seems raw, no matter how long you cook it).		I bought 5 packages, thinking it was a different bread mix I love.  I've tried three times now, and every time the final product is just not tasty.  It tastes like a combination of bad sourdough, rye, and oat bread.
1,Very light on contents. Maybe 7..10% food, but this is mainly BROTH. I would not buy again. Unless you want broth, you'll be hungry after eating a whole can, which will be maybe 5 bites of solids. I was surprised by the brand name being so empty!
1,What. A. Mess.	I recommend making this in a much larger container because this little bowl overflows all over the microwave!
1,Stale and expired. Avoid.
1,Most varieties of Cheez-its taste better than these. The only potato chips I have ever eaten that were this hard to chew were stuck together and stale. If you're desperate for something cheesy and crunchy,these will work, but I don't plan to buy these again.
1,We were very disappointed in the flavor of this tea.  I gave it away to any family member who would take it!
1,I'm not quite sure what to think of this product other than it makes my eyes burn and water it could just be that I am extra sensitive as I have had lasik surgery before but I find that I can not use this visine brand without my eyes hurting more than they did before. I got it to help me during allergy season and the 1st time I put it in my eyes did not stop watering for 30 minutes I have not used it since
1,it is sweet, it has a lot of sugar in it.
1,Absolutely wouldn't buy again
1,Very gross tasting
1,The pasta does not come out well. The flavor is excellent but not the pasta fooked.
1,Update: I took a closer look at the individually sealed packages and they are not sales all the way. I noticed the seal on the bag was crimped funny and so I lifted the flap and there was a whole. They were all affected.		I have purchased these before in the grocery store and loved them. They make a quick snack or easy breakfast. Normally they are crisp and waifer like, but this box that I ordered in my pantry pack is not. It is like they are stale. Similar to graham crackers that have been open for 2 weeks when your kids forget to close the box. These are either really old or were subjected to extreme temperatures in a warehouse or something. While box will be thrown away.
1,Tastes like cardboard.  Pass.
1,OK Kleenes Facial Tissues, 10 ct., 3 pac ...
1,Tastes great, whole crackers do not survive UPS shipments.  One whole cracker in the package and a couple of cups of graham cracker crumbs.
1,It is a lot more thin than this soup used to be. I have not bought canned soup in a very longtime. It's not that great.
1,Unfortunately, this didn't work for me.  I've found more success developing a routine and changing my diet. When I have a blemish come up, I just try to tweak the products I use now or eat less sugar.
1,This had no taste to me.
1,package soaking wet
1,Not sure I got this.
1,Strips package was opened upon arrival in the Amazon Box.  It was missing several strips.  The product works, but not like it is advertised.
1,for some reason i thought these would be sour or have some fruit flavor, but no. they taste only like sugar or corn syrup.
1,Didnt work. i was awake all day and night.
1,What isn't ultimately apparent here in the advertising is the size of the individual packages ..... these are less than half the size you are used to seeing in the store displays ...... cheap you say? .... yes because you are getting a bunch of sample size packages ....
1,was a bit upset that they were not select a size. For the price, it really was not worth it.
1,not was what I thought it was
1,could have been much fresher.  Go to your local grocery.
1,Personally too salty for me.
1,Tasted very wheaty. Not a fan
1,I have tried three times to eat this bar. The flavor is uck, the cake like part is dry and has no appeal at all.  I tried to give these bars away twice and could find no one to take them.  I would like to send them back for a refund but I am 4 days to late.  Do you have anything to replace them with??  I purchased them because I have diabetes and thought they would be a treat with no sugar.  I hate to give a bad product report but these are really bad.
1,I was not a fan of this blend of coffee. I thought I would give it a try because the McCaf Hazelnut is so amazing, but sadly this coffee was not very aromatic, had a pretty bitter flavor and was not very enjoyable. We tried it in the office and not many people had favorable things to say, unlike the Hazelnut which smells amazing and everyone raves about!
1,It smells strongly of mango, but it tastes like someone swished a mango around in carbonated water and called it good.  It's not terrible, but it's not good either.  I ended up using it to add fizz to fruit punch because I simply couldn't enjoy drinking it on it's own.  I'll stick to La Croix or Deer Park Sparkling for now.
1,Yucky
1,Seller okay.  Product not to my taste.
1,NO SCENT WHAT-SO EVER. NIG WASTE OF MONEY!
1,Too expensive for what you get
1,I thought about my childhood and was looking forward to a hostess pie...grossest thing I have bought in a LONG time...MOLDY and when I broke it in half it was a thick gel that made me want to throw up...so VERY, VERY gross!!!
1,Better off eating toast with peanut butter with extra sugar. The peanut butter filling is disappointing and they would be better with a frosting coating instead of sugar.
1,Band-aid bix all ripped and instead of 80 only 71 arrived!!!
1,While these were fresh they are almost all peanuts and almonds. The picture shows big pecans. They were not in the cans I received. I just got two or three broken pieces. I will start buying the kind of nuts I like without almond fillers.
1,I do read reviews. Usually, if a product has a positive rating with a great amount of persons, I feel safe in trying it. I know, my opinion might be different, but I feel that I can't be THAT disappointed. I usually do not use negative reviews for fear of sounding like some that do so, but it is cleatr that they are condeming a product for something that it did not claim or was supposed to DO! If I see an abundance of negative feedback, I will mostly always pay heed, and DON'T even GO there. I know this scored high, but off all of the cheap 2.00 detergents I have ever used.....this is HORRIBLE and it WASN'T inexpensive. I tried it because of the name, and I am trying to be more Earth conserving recycling conscious in EVERY product that I use. I was surprised at how much is "lathered/soaped" when using a little to wash in sink...and it LASTED. However, after letting something soak, that was not really visably too dirty, it looked a bit WORSE. I thought, ok maybe it is my imagination so I repeated the same thing 3 more times....now seemed to show soiled areas MORE! After I hung to dry....it did not smell "fresh" even though it did when I hung to dry! This has NEVER happened before. I will admit  I DO like things to at LEAST SMELL clean, even though I am sure some detergents are misleading in this way. Well, this one was....after drying NO SMELL and item appeared to maybe be more soiled after soaking in sink for HOURS.
1,Goes flat and stale quickly (1 day) after opening.
1,Smashed product,Not happy......
1,This seemed like a good value, but the taste is just funky. Nothing like berries at all.
1,I have no idea how these taste since my bag was open when I got it.  Looked like it somehow exploded a little bit from inside the bag.
1,aaaa
1,there ok
1,Won't order again. In a market where health food is a crave these are just another example of a company trying to take advantage without tasting them for themselves perhaps.
1,Not good at all
1,They were okay, not as good as the one's with the chocolate chips.
1,Not as good as I expected. Very dry and difficult to eat.
1,My baby hates these.  They also don't dissolve as quickly as other puffs.
1,The red zipper on all of them comes off after about the second time you use it
1,No flavor. bland.
1,dented cans
1,This was so bad I had to throw it out. Smelled like manure, and tasted like it too - I presume - never having drunk manure water.
1,No.		FSTG regular chips are yum in all flavors.  Kettle cooked are not. I blame the kettle.
1,Update:	I use to really love this  Hello Hydration by Herbal Essence but over the past several months I noticed a change in the color and smell of the product. Both the shampoo and the conditioner. It was also leaving my hair dull and my curly hair was less curly as if I straightened it. I am not sure what changes were made to the product but  I have given up using this product completely now. I didn't notice anymore breaking or dryness from it. My hair color was changing to "light brown" I tried a couple other herbal essences before changing over to TRESemme brand. I wouldn't recommend this product anymore.	[ Orginal Five Star Review]	I have waist length red curly hair, that tends to be very dry. I have tried many hair products over the years. From Wen to most recently Tresemme curl hydration. What I always seem to run into is, products that are difficult to wash out. I tried Herbal Essence Hello Hydrantion. I was skeptical about seeing improvements after one shampoo. It sounded too good to be true.	Boy was I ever surprised, when it turned out to be true!		Best of all it washes out easier then any product  I have ever used. I was very, very impressed by this. Paired with the hello hydration conditioner and suave detangler while blow drying my hair has been softer then it has ever been. It also  has made it more red and less dull , while really bringing out my curls too.		I will be ordering more& would highly recommend it.
1,Great product and was my primary source of daily drinking water. Then Prime Pantry started putting buying limits on the product and now doesn't seem to offer at all.
1,Well I did not get to try this product as when it showed up (underneath a bag of kitty litter) as the entire bag had been smashed. All that remained of this product was an empty bag and a pile of blue dust. The chips may be quite good, but I write this 1 star review to point out that ordering chips through PrimePantry may not be the smartest thing to do until they figure out how to package things appropriately. I would also encourage Hain Celestial Group to hold Amazon accountable for poor placement in the PrimePantry box.
1,I like the keylime better. This one is hit or miss. You're gonna love it or hate it.	I hated this one. The flavors were weird together. Bleh.
1,The raisins are good quality, I always trust Sun-Maid to have sweet and flavorful raisins. But the packaging is a big fail. Yes, it helps with portion control. But it's not sealed, the raisins are exposed to air in those small unsealed cardboard containers. So once you remove the plastic foil the 6 box come in, they are exposed to air so they lose flavor and get very dry.	If you buy them, store the boxes in an seal tight container.
1,Not my favorite.
1,VERY SALTY
1,Progresso soups have been a staple at my house for years but this one is extremely disappointing.  Its primary ingredient is large chunks of chalky potato and hard to taste anything else.  I refuse to eat this and cannot recommend it to anyone.
1,Did not realize these were individual glass servings did not fit my need should have read the fine print better.
1,I threw them out. My 10 year old loves them, but after seeing the calories, sugar, and ingredients, I regretted getting them. If you want a delicious snack to help your kids get fat and unhealthy, I think this is the right way to go.
1,This is non-stick?? Well, it sure sticks to bbq ribs. Not worth the price or claims.
1,Boring!  Not as "Peanut Buttery" as I had hoped.
1,Stale as well...threw them away.
1,My search of a good non-toxic and biodegradable dishwashing solution did not end with me trying the Method tablets.	The tablets are powerful enough to clean the dishes, even if I'm using half a tablet. It's not efficient enough for the toughest dirt, but it works for everyday use.	This leaves tons of white residue (and again, I am using half a tablet). Some of my pots were `stained` almost by the residue. I tried all the eco-friendly tricks and hacks on the Internet for this issue, but nothing helped. Regular tablets/pouches/powders don't cause this issue in my dishwasher, but I'm trying to be as eco-friendly as I can.
1,No flavor. Very bland
1,Tasty and natural, but with a really bad nutrition profile in terms of sugar and fat compared to others. I'm going back to Kashi bars which have about 1/3 the sugar and fat compared to these.
1,did not like
1,These aren't nearly as good as they used to be. I'll never buy them again.
1,Did not care for these!
1,Very bland. I don't like the texture either. Kind to f tough as if they were stale.
1,smells very strong.  Its actually a little overpowering.
1,Lacked flavor
1,Horrible taste.
1,too thin...
1,This body wash dries your skin out so bad!
1,I did not like the taste of these tablets though I suppose it is my fault for expecting it to be the powder that I put in the drink they tend to leave a chalky residue on your tongue latest hard to flush the taste out of your mouth. The tablet were a little rough to chew and if you have sensitive teeth could cause problems I will be sticking to the powder in the future
1,These rice bars are absolutely disgusting. I couldn't even finish one out of the whole box and I've tried to fob them off on friends, but  no one else likes them either. Yuck.
1,Way too sweet Carnation Breakfast much better buy and taste.
1,damaged
1,As someone who is limited in my diet, I look for words gluten free and vegan to guide me in purchases.		I wanted to buy this with confidence, then in reading the ingredients it says CONTAINS SOY, MILK AND CASHEW INGREDIENTS.		So it isn't vegan: it contains milk. I really want to like the company and the product, but if it hurts me, especially because I believed their claim, it's hard not to be a little upset. If they make a change, I'll take this down.
1,I read the package.  "rich and creamy",  it is not.  It's texture is chalky.  When it dissolves, it becomes a sugary texture.  No buttery flavor if you are use to real butter and cream.  Not what I was looking for and not what I remember as a good caramel.  Kraft use to be better.  They changed the formula to save money just as other big companies have.  It isn't good enough to be a substitute.  I'm going to have to make my own if I want the flavor and texture.
1,garbage.  wifey likes ,
1,1.12 per ounce for salt? anyone check the kosher salt shown next to it for... 0.04 per ounce? you tell me you can taste that 1.08 difference per ounce and you win
1,Half-cooked( almost raw dough ), uneven( some areas too thin and cause holes ), small 4-5"( none were 6" in any direction ), not all round(sort-of round with protrusions) and do not taste quite right[ probably due to the poison(calcium propionate) they put in them to kill mold ].		Worst tortilla I have ever had.		AVOID.		Personally, I'll stay away from *all* Old El Paso cuz, clearly, they do not make tortillas the way they used to do. YECH!
1,EXCELLENT... if you want to feel horrible from the amount of MSG in these little turd crackers. Seriously, if you want to feel sick these are guaranteed to make you feel that way. Don't be fooled that these have less sodium just because they aren't orange ! Disgusting AND super bad for you !
1,I eat a lot of cereal/energy bars. I am giving away the rest of the package after barely being able to eat one. The texture is very weird. It is dense and mushy at the same time and it is way too sweet for me.
1,fresh stacks are stale
1,I am giving this product a two-star review instead of one because it does give you a bit of color. However, I will not be buying it again. It is not meant to be a daily lotion, it leaves your skin feeling tacky and dirty. Any time I use this in the morning I feel sweaty and gross all day. I'll use the rest of this bottle, but that's it.		 You are better off buying a spray tan in a bottle and doing it yourself at home.
1,False advertising.  Originals are not 4 inches long and approximately as big around as a cigarette.
1,Smell bad... to purfumey
1,Much too salty for my taste.  Would not buy again.
1,These were very stale. Tasted like clumps of half cooked dough. Really disappointed
1,I wouldn't buy it again. The smell is far too strong and didn't really clean properly.
1,Unfortunately this item arrived damaged and opened thus I would not risk eating an opened item. However, i have purchased this product elsewhere and it is great.
1,Yuck. Tastes awful. Smells like dog food. No more canned chili for me.
1,These taste like medicine, says my 14 year old grandson. I tasted one and it was just gross. Very surprised, given the brand.
1,I ordered this in my prime pantry box. Thought with the cold weather coming it would be nice to have.  I've already used it, and threw the majority of the entire can in the trash.  The flavor was not so awful, it was the hard texture of the potatoes that made it bad for me.  I like soft potatoes in my soup.
1,no comment
1,Tasted great but far too expensive.
1,I was expecting a larger amount in each little package. You need at least two to spread on a cracker. Plus, they don't taste like Asiago cheese that I'm used to.
1,Didn't get any
1,Arrived already past the expiration date!!!  Gross
1,Gross, you get these rock-hard pieces of I don't know what that you can't even chew. Taste is ok, it's the texture that makes this inedible to me.
1,too sweet
1,Nothing special, and the purple color is light purple.
1,Did not care for this product.  Did not taste like gumbo should
1,Smells like detergent
1,When you buy a nut spread, and the nuts are the THIRD item in the ingredient list, you have a problem!  You just bought yourself a bunch of sugar and palm oil!  The way they tried to market this as "healthy" is just silly!!
1,Stale, yuck :(
1,These are the cheapest toothbrushes I have ever used.  I would not recommend them to anyone.  The end of the brush handle is so sharp, it could be used as a weapon.  Even with gentle, circular brushing motion, these brushes only last a few weeks before needing to be tossed.  Such a waste.
1,Yucky.that is all I can say.
1,Come on, people!  This is a complete rip off!  Paying at over $36 for only 12 bottles at 50.7 ounces apiece is paying over $3 for not even a HALF gallon!!  If you buy at this price you are paying over $6 for a single gallon of FUJI water!!  Outrageous!!  DON'T BE A FOOLISH SUCKER!!  DO NOT BUY AT THIS CRIMINAL PRICE!  There are much better deals for water that tastes just as good.
1,This is a very small package.  The cookies were crispy, a bit on the greasy side, and the peanut butter flavor was weak.  They were fresh but I didn't like them enough to purchase again.
1,Taste seems a bit off and it isn't as good as Rice Dream even though it is a bit less in cost.
1,the lemon flavour on this was too strong and too fake
1,Their Honey Mustard pieces are excellent but these were not. I found no resemblance in taste to smores.
1,by the time you squeeze all the water out of the can you end up with a half of a can of tuna..its a ripoff. Walmart brand solid white at 1.50 a can can't be beat, and the cans are full.
1,not the best coffee
1,Nothing good about this cereal
1,Nasty tasting, too sweet, flavored or unflavored not tolerable / consumable. (Thus us coming from a person who Loves coconut) past on this one......
1,Expiration date 9/6/16, delivered 8/31/16
1,arrived smashed....but still tastey
1,Ecch. Mistake to buy this. Too salty, cheap, and worth every $1.87. Gross product; make your own from a can of soup, a handful of noodles, and a few slices of cheese. Cheaper, much better, and even easier.
1,18 grams of sugar versus 10 grams of protein.  This product should be off the market.  SlimFast should be ashamed of themselves peddling this poison.
1,This is terrible packaging. 168 loose wipes in a resealable bag. Spend a few cents more and get smaller packs that fit into the the standard dispenser.
1,I love Twizzlers and I love fruity flavors! Unfortunately, when combined into this product, it's pretty gross. These Twizzlers are bigger, thicker, chewier, and the flavors aren't good. I would definitely not buy them again.
1,This was a great price so we added it to our Pantry Box. I like them ok, but the Grape flavor is a "fake" grape. My husband and son will open one thinking they want it, and then I find them all over with only a little bit gone and they never go back to it. Not a hit in our house.
1,I purchased these because I was having one of those couple of weeks.  My son was sick, couldn't make it into Costco (where I normally buy paper towels).  Then the AC died, and we had repair dudes in, who were awesome, but in the stress of making sure our son didn't make it out the front door I forgot to put paper towels on the list.  Twice.  And I didn't want to keep sending my husband back out, so I ordered these.  And I've got to say, I'm probably never going to do it again, but I can survive it until they are all used up.		First thing you notice when you pull these out of the box is that they are much fuzzier then most brands of paper towels.  I have attached a picture.  It's kind of like felt.  So, this is not desirable, from my perspective, if you are microwaving anything that you would use the paper towel over and don't want fibers stuck to it.  Or drying off an apple that you washed and again, don't want fibers stuck to it.		Next thing is that they tear super, super easy.  Not just when wet.  It tore two holes in the first roll I used just sliding it on our paper towel holder (it brushed up against the shorter bar of it), and this is not normally a problem I have, not with any other brand I've used.  It also comes apart easier when you are wiping up spills, which also isn't something I personally find desirable.  I need my paper towels to hold up to a lot because I am swimming in a constant sea of messes over here.  I have a very naughty kitty who's decided peeing and pooping outside of the litterbox is the world's best form of protest, his sometimes equally naughty feline sidekick, and a son who is a joy but loves to play in the sink and spill things all over pretty much everything.  So my paper towels need to not fall apart, because I use them a lot...and some of it, I don't want my fingers to come into contact with.  It's not quite as bad as toilet paper when it gets wet, but honestly, that's what it reminded me most of the way it started to come apart and turn to mush.		So, heads up. This was my experience with these in our household.
1,don't make me puke...
1,Not as good as MIO
1,ok
1,This wasn't what I expected really. It taste like they used artificial sugar in it..I was surprised because I always love these k cups. Id recommend trying one out before buying it. I even tried adding some cream and sugar to a 2nd cup to see if it would help and it didnt.
1,too spicy for me would have preferred something milder.
1,It is like eating hard cookies.
1,dry perhaps.. roasted probably.. salted  not a chance.  not what i expected.  To the products credit it does not mention being salted in any obvious way.. but to amazons failure.. the description here clearly says salted.. which i cannot see, feel or taste at all.
1,MOST of the variety was tea...and most of the was flavored with lemon, which I do not like.  I expected more coffee.
1,Nearly inedible.  There are more ingredients on the spoon on the label than there are in the entire can.  Seriously just a can of white, flavorless gravy with 3-4 potato cubes, 5-6 flecks of green pepper, and maybe 3-4 fingernail sized pieces of grey meat.  Hate wasting food, but the second can went in the trash.
1,Not enough to feed a mouse. Cats weren't interested.
1,In my opinion, this is really strong and bitter.
1,Way too spicy for me
1,These are not great. I purchased them on a sale thinking their "super plus" rating would equate to their other super plus tampons, and I was wrong. I don't like these at all, and they don't have good absorbency.
1,Don't like these, they taste burnt on the bottom,plus the bottom is rock hard.  As for the cheese cake  part, it is very blah.
1,Leaves white residue from the fabric, not the liquid.
1,My daughter would eat these after first bite.
1,Not the best taste.
1,What is PepsiCo doing monitoring the reviews?I will never ever buy again!
1,I'm highly disappointed with this Maxwell House instant coffee. This was my first experience with instant coffee, and because of it I know I will not be returning to instant coffee anytime soon. I am a regular coffee drinker, I prefer espresso-based drinks like cappuccinos, but often drink lattes as well. I was expecting this to resemble a vanilla latte in flavor if not consistency.		This instant coffee tastes like if you put a tiny bit of vanilla creamer into water, heated it up, and then smoked it somehow. Like it has a weird smoky flavor I can't explain. I did not get any coffee flavor at all from this instant coffee (no matter how much powder I put in), and instead got a weird smoky-vanilla water. It was gross - I'm cringing just thinking about it.		Don't buy this. Take the time to go out and buy a real coffee or just use Keurig or something. Anything but this.
1,I don't buy disposable napkins often, but I will not be buying the Mardi Gras brand again.  First of all, they are VERY thin -- much thinner than my previous napkins and, unfortunately, I don't remember what brand that was.  Also, I thought they were solid white, but they are printed.
1,The peanut butter pieces in these cookies are the only good things about them.  The cookies have the texture of playdoh. No discernible chocolate flavor.  Also, there's way more packaging material than needed. This gives the impression you're getting more product than you actually are, which isn't a bad thing since they're awful.
1,These are okay tasting chips. Not exactly my favorite lay'so product. Flavor is about off to me.
1,Although having found this Black Cherry Propel to be the most flavorful of all the varieties, receiving short-dated and outdated freshness dates on these purchases has soured me on the buying experience. I did not have this experience with the four other flavors of Propel that I bought. What I assumed was a discount, was actually a clearance price, and should have been sold in the Warehouse department  (...and not in Prime Pantry). Based upon more than one experience, I will not purchase this product again.
1,Can clearly states less than 50% peanuts. I separated the other nuts because I needed them for something I was baking, and the can was still more than half full. Not a scientific study but even 49% peanuts are still too many peanuts.
1,Awful taste!!  Not right!
1,ouch, leaves a burning sensation
1,Gave me headaches, but everyone is different
1,Super artificial tasting.
1,Not like the old Hostess at all.
1,Not very good, mediocre overall. This is not a Trail Mix that I would try again. It is too salty and just not that tasty. I like trail mixes and have tried a lot of varieties so I have a good range of comparisons and this one compares poorly.
1,I love all the flavors of the KIND bars except this one.
1,it was good while I needed it.
1,beige water
1,Its okay,  I've had a lot better
1,feels thick and clumpy and doesn'tdo anything better for my hair
1,I understand this is soda water. However, there was absolutely no taste of lime/key lime in it. It was/is/tasted like straight soda water. Maybe that was why the price was so low. If you like straight soda water, this is for you. It is not worth complaining about/sending it back because of the low price....
1,I purchased this Smucker' s Squeeze Grape Jelly in the same order as the Smucker' s Strawberry Squeeze Spread.  This was just as disappointing. The problem I experienced with the grape having not used this product before. I couldn't get any jelly to come out by squeezing the bottle. To use this product I had to remove the cap and scoop it out with a ice tea spoon. Won't buy this product again. Therefore I couldn't recommend it.
1,The duster works very well and is easy to use but the perfume is overwhelming.  I cannot use it.
1,Yup my hair is soft, smells terrible though.
1,Marvel Titan Hero Series
1,I just did not care for the blandness of these .
1,taste old not much flavor
1,dripping
1,crumbled broken up
1,AWFUL KOCH BROTHERS PRODUCT ALL NESTLE PRODUCTS SUCK
1,The taste of the tomatoes is as close to perfect	as they can get. The cans however were extremely dented and rusty. What a shame that I can't rate them higher. If it were just for the taste, they'd get 5*. But I'm tired of the rusty dented cans. Won't buy canned products from amazon anymore. Too bad.
1,Was looking for water with lemon, but Nestle Splash doesn't taste like real lemon.  Plus it has other stuff that I do not want (see below).  Liked the price and that it has zero calories, but not crazy about the taste (and aftertaste). I don't drink soda, which is probably why this tastes funny to me. But if you like soda, you might like it.		INGREDIENTS: Purified water, natural flavors, citric acid, Sodium Polyphosphate, Potassium Sorbate, Potassium Benzoate Sucralose, Acesulfame Potassium, Calcium Disodium EDTA, Magnesium Sulfate.
1,I've bought it for the home bread maker..  but for recipes you'll need more than one!  I thought it was the perfect measurament required for one bread preparation!
1,Like all of the other Method products I've tried, it smells great, but doesn't do anything else.  I have not noticed any improvement in the surface of the table I've been using it on.
1,Quality is not what it was MOSTLY,  purchased 3/16 exp 11/16 ??
1,Weird flavor.
1,I love chocolate syrup but this bottle tasted sour.  Cannot eat anymore of it.
1,This is not black... It is brown and the bristles on the brush are tiny! Very difficult to us and very light in color. Disappointed
1,I didn't really like it too much
1,Didn't work at all for me.  I took three before bed for three nights and still woke up with terrible cramps.  I slept well but I always do.
1,I ate this and still have no idea what it is. My stomach felt weird for a few minutes after I ate it, but it wasn't painful and I didn't die, so I guess two stars is appropriate. Warning: It basically looks like you are cooking dog food.
1,Terrible cereal.
1,Hate the burn of Listerine. Doesn't leave my mouth feeling clean just has that alcohol burn.l
1,defective and packaging was horrible
1,Prefer regular wrap.
1,This is NOT like my previous order.. someone has downsized the rolls. This item isn't worth the price charged.
1,We used to love what used to be a wide assortment of coffees. Now it is basically all dark roasts, with a few mediums thrown in. We don't like french roasts, so won't be getting this anymore. If you like dark  then you might like this.
1,Rope pulled out within 5 minutes of giving it to my dog, rope shredded like it was kleenex in another 5. whoever did quality control the day this batch was made was asleep.
1,Not any better than other brands
1,smashed and broken...
1,I didn't realize that it had aspartame in it, which gave it a funny after-taste.  The kids loved it, but I won't be buying it again.
1,If you are a fan of truffles then I'm pretty sure you'll be disappointed in these 'truffle fries' from Lay's. I was the most excited to try these out of the four new flavors; only to find that they basically taste like a less flavorful version of sour cream and onion chips.		The ingredients are: Potatoes, Vegetable Oil, Truffle Fries Seasoning (Salt, Cheddar Cheese, Maltodextrin, Spices, Sunflower Oil, Garlic Powder, Lactose, Whey Protein Concentrate, Whey, Natural Flavor, Corn Syrup Solids, Romano Cheese, Butter, Caramel Color, Yeast Extract, Buttermilk, Skim Milk, Duck Fat, Chicken Fat, Sodium Caseinate, Sugar, Black Truffle, Lactic Acid, and Parmesean Cheese).
1,Awful...
1,These crack apart too easily.  The two 90 degree angles in these taco shells seem to be too much for a corn tortilla to handle.
1,I have to use multiple cotton pads over and over to try and get off all of my make up with this stuff. I only wear powder foundation and mascara. I thought this was going to be a one-wipe and done product but nooooo. You don't have to scrub- thats true. However, I used 4 cotton pads one time and they still kept picking up make up and never came clean. I use this as a makeup remover then I wash with my normal wash. very disappointed in this product and super mad at the other reviewers for lying.
1,Hoping for something that was subtle & citrusy in taste-kids labeled it "really strong, salty Froot-Loops."  Do not recommend
1,Not what I thought it was. A box lunch in a box. nice and salty.
1,This toilet paper is not worth the price. For about fifty cents more you can purchase the same amount of toilet paper in a brand that is softer and won't fall apart when you're trying to wipe. If it were less than half the price it sells for I would consider saying it was a good deal. As is, it is a rip off.
1,Icky. Didn't realize it was the healthy heart recipe  The original chicken corn chowder is the best flavor offered under the Campbell's chunky soup line
1,yuk
1,Not that good
1,I may have gotten cans that are mislabeled, because it is not chunk tuna.  I ordered two of these packages, and they were all more like ground tuna, very weird.  It was like a mush.  I feed it to my dog, and he loves it.  Won't be buying this again.
1,I do not like this shampoo or the matching conditioner at all.  My hair doesn't feel clean even after two washes with it.  It leaves my hair dull and lifeless unlike my previous shampoo to which I will return.
1,I THOUGHT THE FLavor was disgusting
1,The flavor is no that of normal sugar. It's not good for cooking or in my coffee.
1,The reason I chose this answer was not because of the product in the container, but because in my opinion the container itself is not appropriate for shampoo. Unfortunately the bottle flipped off during shipment and just about destroyed everything that was shipped with it. If this bottle were to fall from the little shelf that I keep my shampoo and conditioners on, there is no doubt in my mind that it would flip open from the fall and pour out on the shower floor (my opinion). The small flip open cap that are usually found on bottles of shampoo including the Loreal Absolute Repair Cellular with Lactic Acid has such a cap, and has been knocked on the floor without spillage. Obviously I was very upset about  your shampoo messing up my shipment by emptying in the box. This was a first, I wouldn't even suggest Loreal put tape on this bottle cap because the top is to big. I'm not sure the liquid would stay in the bottle anyway, because you do not have the choice of standing it on either end, only on the top. It also would be cumbersome to deal with in the shower. Sorry you lost me on this one. I probably will send all three Loreal Products back.
1,I BOUGHT 4 OR 5 BOXS.  I DIDN'T GET A SINGLE BITE.  SOOOOO.  I CAN SAY THIS.  GIRLS FROM 5 TO 12 LOVE THESE POTATOES!!!!!!!!
1,Title says it all
1,Tastes like the processed food that it is.
1,I'm usually a big fan of Betty Crocker's frosting, but this was horrible.  The taste just was not cream cheese, it tasted like chemicals.  The texture was fine, all of it seemed normal.  I'm not sure if it was the whipped part, but it just didn't taste good at all.  Can't recommend this one!  All of the others are superb though!
1,I seriously try to avoid sugar and grain, so was disappointed to find both in this mix. Many people will find it very tasty, I am sure.
1,I really disliked this mascara. no matter how much I put on, my lashes did not get longer. Not sure why it was so bad, but it was
1,Taste kind of flat
1,doesn't take like real food.
1,It lacked flavor of mushroom, but strongly of...garlic maybe? It's completely blended, no pieces of Portabella to bo seen. Just unappetizing. I pitched half of it.
1,Busted box
1,don't like
1,Love Apple snack bar but these were not what I expected.
1,L'Oreal is nuts for labeling this shade as "light." This product is not just darker than "light" should be, it's extremely orange. I can't envision any skin tone that this color would match, it's really unnatural. Imagine the worst spray-on tan you've ever seen, and this comes close.		In addition, it's a very heavy coverage, nothing like any other BB cream I have used. Note: this cream squeezes out of the tube white, then develops the bright orange color when you blend it in. The photo below doesn't do it justice, it's far worse in full coverage.		Awful!
1,That is what this package says on the back in bold letters.		These potato chips are obviously made from genetic potatoes and are a bit pricey for such a small bag (8 oz).		They have a good crunch and are easy to eat but they have an indescribable taste and has more than just a salt and pepper taste.		These chips also have an unpleasant aftertaste.
1,Smashed
1,Was picked up by mistake by family member during a rush in/out trip to the grocery.  Cereal only has a hint of what appears to be an imitation cinnamon taste and the chex squares themselves were not as crunchy as what we have become used to in our always purchased Kellogg's brand.  Would never purposely buy any GM brand as a result of their recent string of disgusting commercials.
1,These chips used to have quite a BITE to them. I think Lay's changed the recipe to make them very mild. They are just okay. These tasted a bit stale but the expiration date indicated they were fresh. I probably won't order these again, but may buy a small bag at the store.
1,A little flat.  I like my sparkling water to be full of sparkles.  Unfortunately, stored in a plastic bottle, osmosis takes over.  If you order this, ask for a glass bottle!
1,So dry it choked me.
1,Just didn't like this variety.
1,My first 1 star review; These things are not good tasting it all. I didn't expect them to be as good as normal potato chips but at least tolerable enough to justify they are healthier.  Conclusion: I'd rather be fat and diabetic than suffer through eating these again.		I am actually glad the bag was small. The bag itself is about the size of those mini-chip bags you get for like 50 cents or so, you know the better tasting ones. Not only is the bag super small but it was only filled up about 20%, so overall I got maybe 10 chips in the whole bag for a little under $2.00. Complete rip-off.
1,I hate to say this, but I ate 1.5 of these tonite (they're quite small) and it did not (is still not) sitting well with me.		Maybe I'm stupid, but I associate Velveeta with yellow, cheddar-like cheese, but the sauce in the packets of these was pretty much white (not pure, but not beige).  The taste by itself was totally bland, no real cheese flavor.		Despite BOTH having exactly 3 small pieces of green pepper, it was overwhelmingly green pepper flavor. (there were a couple red pepper pieces, too, but no flavor from them).		I currently have rather bad heartburn (I do not normally have problems with that), I've already been unwell once from one end and the other end hasn't decided yet.		I do not have a delicate stomach - I am allergic to citrus but I wouldn't expect it to be an issue with lasagna, and even so, I do not feel short of breath as I would normally be had it been a citrus issue - I just feel sick to my stomach.		Totally unexpected bad experience with what I normally associate as a good brand.
1,Too big for my item. It was the risk of finding online...
1,Disappointed.  Tastes more like artificial sweetener than chocolate.
1,Just didn't like them.  I think it was the texture.  I love Hostess powdered mini-donuts, but not these.
1,Lacks flavor and substance I won't buy again.
1,Is moisturizing but i hate the smell
1,When I got these I realized right away they are not the same kind of kitchen bags I buy at the store. They don't appear to stretch in any way, and I will hesitate to use them for any kind of real, messy garbage.
1,Not impressed. I like Kettle Brand chips, but I did not dig this flavor. They tasted kind of bland.
1,I've never had a problem with any sort of Chex mix in my life on earth, but this was dry and bland. We ended up feeding it to the squirrels. Bad.
1,Not very tasty
1,Lacks flavor and substance I won't buy again.
1,With no lather it just doesn't seem to work
1,I should have read the product description more carefully. These are the higher end, softer, and fluffier than the regular Scott. So you get much less  paper on a roll and it gets used up really fast so it is no bargain, Would not buy again,
1,Apparently you all have no idea how to pack soft items!!! They were cruched!
1,tastes terrible. won't be using it
1,The taste of the tomatoes is as close to perfect	as they can get. The cans however were extremely dented and rusty. What a shame that I can't rate them higher. If it were just for the taste, they'd get 5*. But I'm tired of the rusty dented cans. Won't buy canned products from amazon anymore. Too bad.
1,I missed having a instant coffee option. As I can no longer find Sanka.	I decided to try Maxwell House because my mother likes the caffeinated instant coffee.		Upon opening it, I smelled a burnt coffee smell. This was discouraging but I hoped  it would taste better. Sadly it didn't no matter how I tried to fix it. It reminded me of the coffee at the auto shop when I was young. Strong, bitter and, burnt. A taste you don't soon forget.		I ended up giving it away. I would not recommend to anyone who is looking for a smooth rich cup of coffee.
1,small and broken.
1,NOT Korean!! Rather bland actually.
1,none
1,scent is right per description, easy to open and use, but goo inside stays gooey about one day, then skins over and to catch the linen scent you have to hold it near your nose; tried it near an air filter with low fan thinking to spread the scent and skin got tougher, aroma faded even more
1,I have bought this same product at a pharmacy and loved it. This order must have been an old box or something, because there isn't even a trace of Vicks on these tissues.
1,This is horrible!  I had been really looking forward to drinking it from reviews I'd read here and elsewhere.  But I guess I'll be pouring all of it down the sink as it has nothing other than a terrible chemical taste to me.  I would give it a negative ten stars if possible.  Did I get a bad batch, or what?  All I can say about it is I need to wash out my mouth and get something else to get the horrid taste from this off my tongue and out of my mouth.  Yuck!
1,Neither of my kids liked these so I tried one and I spit it out. Way too sweet and the peanut butter didn't taste like peanut butter at all.
1,Too sweet for us.
1,2 Stars: "I don't like it."		The two stars are for the protein and lower carb. Taking away 3 stars is for the 1. slimy gross texture and 2. icky taste. This was not a tasty protein shake.		But if you can just guzzle it down, are okay with the price, need a lower-carb high-protein drink: yeah, why not? :D
1,They were all nothing but crumbs when I received them.
1,I did not see it function or maintain the fresh scent. Very disappointed sadly I did  not expect Downy makers making this product.
1,Opening the plastic container (with the directions on the top of this container) is H O R R I B LE........Achieved if once and thought I had it down pat, however, could do it the 9th, 10th - - - 30th time.  This is ridiculous  and I won't purchase this product again because of this factor.  I keep it in the bathroom and don't turn the cover as directions stipulate because of the time consuming processes of opening IT...... TERRIBLE  !!!!		Definitely won't purchase these bleach packs again,,,,,,  sorry folks.		P.s  Agree with lady that said she expected a tub full of bleach tablets, instead we got a mug full and gals these are wicked strong that is if you can open the can.....LOL
1,Not strong enough for my taste - as I like my coffee pretty strong.  It's difficult to find strong flavored, yet decaffeinated coffee...
1,I buy this at the store now. It's good although I like the options without the mushrooms which seem to be not really so mushroom-like. That said, this was one of a few dry good shipments from amazon, and they all seemed a tad hard to describe but not well preserved. I use local now, either my own store or peapod or something and the problem is solved.
1,For a product that claims to improve moisture by 100%, my hair has never been so dry!
1,They have a strange stale taste to them. I got them for my two year old to snack on instead of goldfish crackers. But, they taste weird and neither of us like them.
1,Not good at all.  This is the worst Knorr pasta I've ever had.
1,Lots of the crackers were burnt. Too	Salty as well.
1,Peanuts were very stale
1,I drink the ready made and think I am spoiled with that product. I am going to stick with the ready-made type of protein. It just tastes different. I have just been adding it to my coffee as creamer instead so I can use it up. So there is really nothing wrong with it I just prefer the premixed stuff.
1,Thesee weren't my favorites....they were quite thick
1,I gave them away
1,Stale, broken.
1,Do not like this flavor
1,WILL NEVER AGAIN ORDER WHEN PLACING A FOOD ORDER.....THIS BOTTLE LEAKED AND CONTAMIATED EVERY FOOD ITEM IN THE BOX.
1,horrible
1,Very mushy vegetable, too little rice to deserve the name and far too many pieces of potatoes - which I wasn't expecting at all.
1,Did not work for me.  Donated them to charity.  Too exhausted from fighting with Amazon
1,The chips themselves are delicious, but ordering them from Amazon is a terrible idea. Half of the bag consisted of crumbs and broken pieces. Might have made a good coating for meat, I guess.
1,they picked a close up for the cover because inside you'll find tiny, thin, somewhat crusty pieces of cardboard with a slightly acid taste; no resemblance to graham crackers; dreadful, though the birds will eat it
1,The product arrived wrapped up in good condition but the contents was a gooey mess. The smell is unappealing to me and I plan on placing this set where it belongs, it the garbage! I do not recommend this and I wish I had not wasted a measly $4 on it. Try putting this mess on your armpits---it literally becomes a mess.
1,...but they arrived crushed into a sticky solid mass.
1,Not as fresh as the ones I get at the local store.
1,This is a rip off. The bottle was half full. What a waste of money.
1,Product had no taste.  Felt as if I were eating soft cardboard.  Needed more spices
1,not to happy with this new product.
1,I've tried two flavor sand both left a strange after taste. There's no way to check sell by date. Not a good choice when buying pantry items.
1,Really not a fan of packaged mashed potatoes.  It is definitly better to just go buy fresh potatoes and make them from scratch.  It may be a little more work but when done right it beat the packaged potatoes everyday.
1,I did not like this product at all.  Firstly, it does not hold 24 oz. comfortably.  Even  24 oz of just liquid does not fit in this container.  I would say closer to 16 oz of food fits comfortably (so that you can heat and mix it).  The cover is flimsy and does not click into place snuggly.  As far a leak proof goes, it is not at all leak proof.  The cover is not microwaveable which defeats the purpose.  The bottom container is made of cardboard? so don't even think about liquids for long periods of time.  Maybe a salad would be nice to put in here but keep the dressing on the side.  I cannot recommend this product.
1,broken i the box
1,These are not a favorite.  They barely tasted like cheesecake and were missing the creaminess I associate with cheesecake and the richness I look for in chocolate.  Plus, it's just odd to eat anything pretending to be cheesecake at room temperature.  Definitely not buying again.		Pros: good source of fiber		Cons: 50%-60% more calories than most fiber one individual snacks I've seen, not creamy, not rich chocolate		If I could change anything about this product: nothing		Packaging type: as pictured - I received a regular retail box like you'd see in a grocery store.		Would I buy again: no		If you found this review helpful - please click the "Yes" button below this review indicating so - thanks!
1,This tea would have been great if it had half the sugar in it. Tasted like good old homemade tea just way too much sugar. Try it you will like it if you like really really sweet tea.
1,Tastes like what I imagine bird food would taste like.
1,I did not like these at all. Way too sweet for me. No spiciness at all.
1,I've been using Method products for about fifteen years, and this is the only one I've been disappointed in.  It just doesn't provide good cleaning action, so you end up having to use a lot of it since it doesn't clean that well.		I'm back to using my Trade Joe's brand of soap since that one is eco-friendly and you only need one squirt.
1,This has sesame paste in it's sauce. I am severely allergic to sesame anything! I will give these to my friend, he will enjoy it. I don't like products that hide ingredients. Please, clearly list that this is a Peanut & Sesame paste noodle! I'm happy I carefully read the ingredients on the back of this product!
1,if you want to pay full price for a sample.. I had to laugh when I took this out of box.. I buy the Biggest jar of Nutella from the store for 3.68.. this jar cost me 3.something close to big jar's price. They do not even sell this jar in the stores..I truly believe it is a sample.. Its a joke ..thats what it is!
1,The graham encasing part is rather dry with a mealy mouth feel and little flavor.  If it wasn't called "Graham" in the name I'd have never thought it was a graham cracker concoction as there is very little graham cracker flavor.  It's a typical "healthy" multi-grain product flavor.  Almost like eating cardboard with a bit of flavor.  This is somewhat offset by a nice blackberry filling but it's not enough to save the outer shell and make these a repeat purchase.
1,Smells a lot stronger than I expected. I'm not crazy about it. Plus, it made my armpits feel kind of sticky. I think I'll stick with my Dove deodorant from now on.
1,just do not care and my dog will not even help eating them--threw away
1,I am not a big fan of this product. I have had to wash dishes by hand cause the dishes came our with either spots or food still stuck to the dishes. The other detergent I've used never caused me to do this. I'll be switching back to cascade for sure.
1,Very good candy with fruit flavors. Better than the average jelly bean. Too pricy. You can get them for $1.99 at Walmart.
1,not worth the price
1,I usually make my own spinach & artichoke dip, but I decided to try this to see if it would be a good substitute to have on hand when I didn't have time to make my own.		Um ... no.  It tasted of neither spinach nor artichokes, with just a slight flavor of cheese, and a LOT of salt.  WAY too much salt.  I'm not sure what the other flavors were, but they weren't anything I was familiar with.  Sort of a thick salty milky pasty liquid with bits of green stuff floating in it.		Cannot recommend this, especially when making homemade is super easy. (frozen spinach, canned or frozen artichokes, sour cream, mayonnaise, pepper jack cheese)
1,Awful! Size Small! Price awful!
1,Glad I got this cheap, because after many months I only see more wrinkles.	Drink more water, avoid this stuff.
1,Soup is decently priced at $1.25 p/can but current price of $1.99 is ridiculous.  Amazon needs to get its act together on their pricing policies and put an end to the huge price swings that plague too many of their grocery products.
1,These taste pretty good, other than being a bit bland. I was very disappointed though to see that they contain canola oil. Or at least they might have canola oil. I really hate when a product states that it contains one of three different oils. Sunflower or safflower is okay, but canola is not. Why not just say which it is? Until they decide to not use canola, I won't be buying them again.
1,Don't waste your money, bland, tasteless.
1,stale
1,Disappointed in this lavender and chamomile soap. Good detect only a faint scent of lavender. Fine lather, etc. as any Softsoap but definitely not lavender!
1,Price to high for that small bottle I buy this all the time at different stores for the price I paid for this I could gone to my regular store and got the larger botttle for the same price I thought the size would be 70 to 100 oz O my God! I learned a lesson!
1,This has a peppery after taste. I will use it up since I bought it but will not be purchasing again.
1,Yuck. Doesn't taste good at all.even chilled and on a lot of ice. Just has a very bad taste to it. I won't be buying this again.
1,Very expensive.  Didn't realize the local gourmet store was half the price.
1,smashed
1,Ended up tossing it in the trash. It tasted worse than ham burger helper meals.
1,I have realized, my pigmentless hair color dye is now competing with the advertised purpose of this Panteen product.
1,I do not care too much for this stuff....
1,Milk in order exploding ruining this, unable to determine quality.
1,box damaged
1,Not satisfied.
1,Like the scent, don't like the design. It must be really hard to come up with packaging that doesn't allow moisture to escape - the wipes dry out if you don't use them all within a few months.
1,Very bad for your health. Corn syrup and other bad sugars are in it masked with other names but STILL sugars.
1,I received this in May with a sell-by or best-by date of June 7. Two or three loaves were moldy.
1,I've kept a bottle of Tabasco in my kitchen for more decades than I care to admit.  I've used it in Bloody Marys and added a few drops to many dishes I wanted to "kick up" a notch.		I'm embarrassed to say I never experimented with any other brand of hot sauce until recently. Huge mistake!		After a bit of taste testing I have to say Tabasco is one of the worse hot sauces available. Cayenne Pepper and a lot vinegar are Tabasco's major flavor notes. You can do much better! You won't miss all that bitter vinegar!		I could provide a long list of hot sauces that are much better. Here are just a few and I choose them because they are all widely distributed (sold here on Amazon and in your supermarket): Huy Fong Sriracha Hot Chili Sauce,  Cholula Hot Sauce, and Tapatio Salsa Picante Hot Sauce are all far superior. There are many others		Once you get away from Tabasco and its bitter vinegar after-taste you open up a whole new world. There are a lot of superior hot sauces. Things have certainly improved since the late 1800s when Tabasco was first developed.		Update (August 2013): While my review was written some time ago - just recently (August, 2013) America's Test Kitchen, a show on PBS tested a wide number of hot sauces. What sauce came in last? Tabasco! First was the Huy Fong Sriracha.
1,there was over 85 percent peanuts
1,Tasted like artificial sweetener was added, did not care for at all
1,Chewing nut thins is unpleasant. It's like the crackers are too dry, become really compacted after exposure to moisture, and then you feel like you're grinding mill. The flavor is okay.
1,Definitely NOT everlasting... lasted less than an hour for each of my medium sized dogs, and I had purchased the large ones. ALSO please note: STAINS ALL OVER MY CARPET!!!!! I don't know why but it's not letting me upload a picture of it.
1,Ugh. This might seems like a good alternative to actually shining your shoes with polish. It's not.		I thoroughly rubbed this thing on a pair of black loafers that needed a shine. It did make them shiny, almost wet-looking - but then I looked closer. It was easy to see spots of unshined leather - it doesn't cover well. Plus, the area that were shiny clearly looked as if some shiny substance had been sprayed on them.		Lesson learned: I'll take the time to actually shine my shoes from now on.		If you'd like more info about Prime Pantry bestsellers, click on my name (PPantryReviews) to check out my website.
1,CRUSHED EVEN THE REPLACEMENT
1,I just don't get this product. The texture is nothing like pasta or rice and when I opened a package it had an odd smell, which did not go away even after I rinsed it in in water as directed. It tastes awful and the texture is mushy. I do not recommend this at all. Sorry.....
1,We did not like the taste or texture of these.
1,Complete deception - photo shows multiple packs! This only includes one package.
1,This is awful. Somehow it's sweet and it tastes like nothing. It smells like onion, even though there doesn't appear to be any onion in it. I thought it would taste much better than this, and it definitely did not. I wish I had put some salt in it. At least it would have had flavor.
1,Still the closure will not stay shut on these wipes! Drives me insane. They dried out already
1,Cookies so broken up that you can't even get half a package of whole ones.
1,The peanut butter and chocolate were good, but the cookies tasted dry and stale. Won't be buying again, was interesting idea though.
1,It started eating at my gums!!!!!!!	BAD product! I've never had that happen before!	It's in the trash now!
1,If you want to get animal cookies that are more like cookie crumbs ... order these. it is not a joke when i say when i opened the bags of these not only were they broken but literally in crumbs ... EVERY SINGLE ONE... there was not even one single whole animal cookie to be found in the bag ,,, i ordered several bags so i thought... maybe it was just this one bag and somehow it just got smashed. OH NO ... i opened all the bags and they were all like this. The fun of getting animal shaped things for kids is so they can actually see the animals and say what they are which needless to say did not happen with these.
1,I hate that I have to pull out scissors to open each packet plus it didn't always dissolve. Will not purchase again.
1,These may have tasted fine but the packaging does not hold up well to shipping at all...
1,The push insert is not long enough and doesn't get in the right place.  Will not buy again.
1,Not as good as I thought they would be.
1,Not real good to me. Passable for emergency type eating.
1,The bag was already ripped open. My favorite cookies though. We had to throw them away.
1,sucks
1,Cans swollen and fell out of box!
1,Progresso soup used to taste better.  This soup has very few veggies and meat.  It's not even close to what's shown on the can.  Also, I ordered this and other soups thru PrimePantry and the majority of the order was delivered with one or two cans per small box.  One shipment was 16 individual boxes!  Crazy.  Hopefully they had just ran out of larger boxes, and it won't be the norm.  I like PrimePantry, but I'll discontinue using it if they repeat for my recent order.
1,My children like this flavor, but I found it too strong. I really like cream soda so I tried to find a way to like this. I even halved it with cola to try to make a vanilla coke...no dice. It's just too strong. I also tried halving it with orange to make a dreamcicle...didn't work, either.
1,I really like the thought of being more 'environmentally' engaged as a consumer however, this producted misses the ''good sense' marker by-a-mile! It smells like nasty 'rotten hay fields', will never purchase again.
1,This is very easy to cook - just open it and pour it over cooked chicken and simmer for five minutes. Serve over rice. It smells great actually and I was excited to dig in. A fast, easy appetizing dinner...what's not to like? Well the flavor is a bit off. It's sort of bland and salty at the same time. That can be addressed with some doctoring using seasonings etc while cooking, but to be honest, doesn't that defeat the purpose of a fast, easy meal? The deal breaker for me is the after taste - there's just a funky, chemical aftertaste that won't stop. I'll just make my own sesame sauce in the future.
1,Do NOT like.
1,One Gatorade  was busted
1,Dry and gross
1,Sticky tabs were hard to place. Smell didn't last very long. Might buy again if they were cheaper. Did smell good when it was stilled scented.
1,Rice to Broccoli/Cheese ratio is very poor. Just not a lot flavor. Would prefer to buy the items separate for what you get,
1,Gross.
1,I didn't research carefully enough.  This was too short of me.
1,Ancient Grains, with illustrations of the lovely grains, but NO mention of SUGAR being a main ingredient. I was so disappointed to see the shiny little cheerios, clearly covered with sugar.		I wish the regular, more healthy Cheerios came in a smaller size, suitable for one person.
1,Maybe I have the wrong taste buds but these are heinous. I love chili. I love lime. I hate these.
1,Disappointed with some of the ingredients. It doesn't smell or taste like a lemon. From now on I will buy actual, fresh lemons.
1,The butter is very nasty.
1,I am a senior but have baby fine hair so thought I would give this Suave Kids 3 in 1 Shampoo a try. Regular conditioner weights it down so much. The first thing I noticed was while rinsing my hair it was so massively tangled I wasn't able to run my fingers through it as usual to get the shampoo out. My hair was all balled up. I rinsed as best as I could. Looking back I should have re-shampooed with my regular shampoo and used my conditioner but I didn't. I have NEVER had so much trouble combing out my wet hair. It was unbelievably tangled. After drying it, it was so full of electricity it was just standing up in the air and my hair is below shoulder length. This is the worst shampoo I have ever used and I don't believe there is ANY conditioner in it. I guess some folks like it but I surely do not recommend it.
1,Did not taste good at all.  Like bittersweet cardboard.  I could not even finish one bar.
1,I was not at all impressed with this product!  It doesn't taste good at all and it's outrageously priced.  when a company puts a big price on a product--it really has to deliver. My attitude on this? Store brand sparkling water, flavored or not
1,The entire bag was opened when it arrived, threw it out will by eat opened product
1,Kleenex seems to have gone to a high lint factor method of manufacturing.  Have these on the night stand and after a couple of days and using one tissue the entire top is covered with tissue lint,  These seem to be on the cheap side of quality
1,I don't really like this stuff. There is no list on the box which states what is used for this product (other than the baking soda obviously) AND when my mother used it downstairs I could smell it quite strongly upstairs and it made my nose and feet itch. I've never had this issue with any other carpet freshener. The smel doesn't last past a day at most. I won't buy this again.
1,Too dry/hard
1,Old
1,These were worth a try, but unfortunately I didn't get the Blue Raspberry candy/snowcone flavor I was hoping for.
1,Breaks very easily
1,Who knew that Quesadillas were mostly refried beans? Evidently Pace did!
1,IT WAS OKAY
1,don't like taste or texture
1,These took forever to cook - much longer than package states. Then it was bland.
1,too sweet, too expensive for a box not full to the top, not really a nice cereal
1,Barely edible, tastes so bad, to much spice that gets stuck in your throat.
1,Has absolutely no holding and just makes hair greasy
1,Neither of my kids, nor myself enjoyed the taste of theses. They have great ingredients but, unfortunately, its at the expense of the flavor!
1,Terrible look and taste. I have seen open cans of cat food that look a whole lot tastier!  Awful MUSH describes it perfectly
1,Scrubby surface began to peel off the sponge within about 2 weeks. Won't re-order.
1,what a joke
1,This product was way too dry for me.  I couldn't finish one bar (and they're small) without drinking half a glass of milk or several swallows of coffee.  You would think the strawberry "filling" would help the dryness but it didn't for me.  Not only that but the strawberry filling had a funny taste.  I wouldn't recommend this product.
1,The best setting sprays, the ones that keep your makeup in place all day, work because they contain alcohol.  That is the powerhouse ingredient behind that all day hold.  This formula is alcohol free...it does have some less powerful ingredients that are designed to hold but they do not hold up like a setting spray with alcohol does.  This formula does have some skin friendly ingredients that moisturize and soothe as well as a nice pleasant scent and a very budget friendly price tag but as far as setting sprays to lock in your look go, this one falls short.  It is a nice finishing spray if you're looking to get a luminous or less powdery look, but it will not do a good job of setting your makeup.
1,HATE THE TASTE!!
1,Dang things won't stay open unless you pull them out to their maximum level, which make them last less. Don't understand why would you do this Glade?
1,These cookies arrived today broken, with the chocolate melted everywhere inside the bag :(
1,not very good.
1,OK
1,So disappointed.  I got a box of 24 bags that will expire in THREE WEEKS.  will definitely try to return these.
1,Don't like the taste...
1,I normally love this brand but these vanilla ones taste artificial. After reviewing the ingredients I have found they contain palm oil. I don't support companies that are contributing to the destruction of forrests that orangutan live in; maybe its the taste of dead orangutans I can taste. Where does one purchase organic palm oil! Back to nature are a big fat lie and a fail.
1,these were dry cuz  they were too close to the expiration date. filling solid and dry. better at gas stations.
1,Cakes were crumbly for some reason, not what I usually get in my store for less price. I ordered them for convenience since I can no longer drive, but I won't be ordering these again any time soon. It's unusual,  too, because I generally love Hostess snacks
1,Leaves streaks
1,Protect was stale.  Only had 1 week before date exp.
1,These taste pretty bad. I won't be eating any of them.		I'm an adult who was trying to get back into taking my vitamins. The Yummi Bear Multivatamins and Vitafusion Calcium worked, but these are a no go.		I wouldn't recommend these for yourself or kids.
1,I thought I wrote a review on this already.  It's TASTELESS.  Added Wright's Hickory and bacon bits, minced onions, and that only barely helped.  Might be good with parmesan.  Won't buy again.
1,It does not remove the odors or at least to the animal's smell. I have a dog so there is really no problem with the smell to the human nose but he continues returning to the same place. I have cleaned it with this product. White vinegar is the best over everything if you want your dog to stop going back to the same spot. My dog never used to have accidents in the house but he's almost 12 years old and has them especially if I go someplace for more than two hours.
1,More crumbly than soft but with a weird texture
1,Don't like taste.
1,This was a little stale and not as fresh as I would have liked the cream cheese flavor frosting to be.  Not happy with this particular item shipped
1,This band-aids stays on very well...too well.  They will stay in an area that flexes, which can often pop off other band-aids, but when it comes time to get them off you will have a painful struggle.  They pull and irritate the skin big time and leave glue behind.  They are tough strips, as in tough on your skin.  I couldn't imagine using these on skin that has hair on it, as it would pull all the hair out...ouch!		There needs to be a good balance between a band-aid's ability to stay on and your ability to get it off again without a lot of pain.  This one falls too far to the former side.  Or they need to put a note on the box that says you need to use some kind of alcohol to get the band-aid off again.
1,has no taste and the texture is like melted plastic.
1,I liked these when they were made by the real/original Hostess but the coating is distinctly greasier than they used to be.
1,Hated this. Not sweet enough for a lemonade or a tea. Very bitter tasting.
1,all broken
1,Barilla? Really? The pasta in this is underdone and gave me heartburn. Sorry! I can't buy this one anymore.
1,I don't see much of a change. I even used this with the 3D white toothpaste. Disappointment. Pro is that they are very easy to use and they do not slip off of your teeth!!
1,Kellogg agreed to remove "all natural" labeling from its line of Kashi and Bear Naked products, which the lawsuit claimed contain several artificial ingredients. In addition, they're setting aside $5 million in a fund to dole out 50-cent refunds to Kashi customers and $325,000 for Bear Naked customers. They do not seem to disclose all ingredients and after further research, apparently Kashi is owned by Kellogg and donated some $790,700 dollars to defeat prop 37, GM labelling in CA. The question is why wouldn't they want me to know the exact ingredients, after all I am paying for the product.		The best cereal is muesli and I get that for my friend in organic form. It is the best cereal I could find for her and good enough to be part of a healthy diet. She mixes Muesli with organic soy milk few hours in advance and consumes it in the morning. Muesli is a healthy fiber with minerals, vitamins, nine different grains and nuts popular with Swiss culture. Soaking is a necessity since it is raw. Soaking in yogurt is another option as well. I even tried it once and it is absolutely delicious. No wonder she keeps having it muesli for breakfast.
1,Love Vicks Vicks is Fantastic for so many things  DO NOT BUY ON LINE... but buying on line bottle smaller ...too pricey... Can get much larger container for what I paid for this one	Big Mistake
1,Thought this would be a good snack, but it is tasteless....sorry I bought it.
1,Awful uncomfurdable
1,If you rate this popcorn based on taste alone, it deserves a five star rating.  The flavor is absolutely delicious, and one might find themselves devouring the entire bag at one sitting.		Now for the bad - The parent company is Frito Lay. This is a corporation who is guilty of poisoning its customers daily through using GMO (Genetically Engineered) corn in their products. When I first decided to purchase this popcorn, I bought it because on the bag it specifically states No Artificial Colors, Flavors, or Preservatives.		What I didn't notice until later, was a line on the bag that says - Partially Produced with Genetic Engineering		So basically, my take on this product is that instead of calling this Frito Lay Popcorn, they disguise it by calling it "Smartfood delight" - making us think that this is a healthier alternative by claiming that it has No artificial colors, Flavors, or preservatives...but if the popcorn itself is GMO (Genetically engineered) Corn, does anything else really matter?  There is nothing healthy about GMO foods. Furthermore the companies who try to feed them to us through deceptive marketing and advertising should be punished or at the very least called out publicly and shamed for their unethical behavior.		The reason I decided to give this product a 1 star rating is because I want people to read my review, and I don't feel as if a 2 or 3 star review would get looked at, as much as a 1 star review.		I also want to reiterate that the product does taste delicious,  so if you are the type of person who doesn't care about whether or not you were eating genetically engineered foods, then this product is a popcorn that you would buy based on taste alone. As for the rest of us, I feel like I just got bamboozled because I didn't read the bag close enough when making the original purchase.		I have included two pics from a bag of their White Chedder flavor to help illustrate my points.
1,Didn't like, they're still in my closet, so nobody else did either.
1,I wasn't impressed with these.  I have bought several Slim Fast items that I will continue to buy.  But this isn't one of them.
1,Too hard.  I have to scrape some off with my fingernail just to apply to my lips.
1,sorry but family disliked.
1,Did not like the flavor. Will not but this brand again. I am used to college inn births. Originally purchased this on price not ever having tried it.
1,This product said "real sugar" and all that poured out was a liquid.
1,I did not like the flavor or texture of these at all
1,I decided to give this product a try since it looked so good on the package. The preparation process was easy. Immediately after cooking, I served it to my family. Everyone's comment was a resounding, "blah!" It was fairly tasteless. I thought that perhaps it needed to be chilled in the refrigerator first. So, I served it chilled. Now, it was a greasy "blah!" Sadly, neither served from the stove, nor chilling helped this to be anything but "Suddenly Superficial!"
1,This has Mineral Oil and Paraffin in it, as main ingredients. Both are extractives of Petroleum.  If you like slathering Petroleum onto your skin and absorbing it into your body, well, that's your choice.	I really hope Amazon brings in some good skin lotions with healthier ingredients at low prices.
1,Terribly tasting. Although cheap, but generic.
1,UGH! This cereal is what I imagine drywall to taste like. HORRIBLE
1,Taste is very subjective, of course, and there are lots of 5 star reviews here, but these tasted terrible to me.  Way too much artificial "butter" flavor and no "potato" flavor.  Very creamy, thin texture, I prefer more texture in mash potatoes.  Still searching for good instant mash potatoes. I agree with the one other reviewer who said the Betty Crocker were better, but they, too, are not that good.		I will not buy again.
1,I don't particularly like this variety of Happy Belly coffee.  It's supposed to be a medium-dark roast, but it tastes more like generic (inexpensive) diner coffee to me.  Not horrible tasting, but nothing I would order again.
1,Unfortunately had to return. The day lotion smell was too strong, kind of sharp, felt synthetic and cause allergy. Some sinus discomfort and watery eyes.  I did not expect this from natural brand.  I don't have allergies on essential oils and food grade flavors identical to natural. I sometimes have allergy on air fresheners and cheap perfume. I doubt the fragrance used was natural. The anti-aging line from Burt Bees smells ok. So Ill probably switch to that. Generally Burrt Bees is a good brand for the money.	Also not so moisturerising. I have combination skin and planed to use it as a night cream. But in the morning my skin was dry almost as if I did not use any cream. The product feels good at first but sits on top of the skin as wax. Irritates dry skin on the cheeks a little bit.	Luckily it was on Prime, so I had no problem getting money bake. I will order something else now.
1,Only because I thought I ordered an adult soap. :(
1,Bleh. Not the best tasting tea.
1,Too sweet. Threw it out
1,The hummus is really good.  Excellent flavor.		The crackers and everything else are... OK.		I had to throw away the pepita-sunflower blend because the fats had gone rancid.  Seriously, this is what preservatives are for, to make sure fats don't break down and stink.  I'd rather have decent preservatives than have to throw away food.		The manufacturer should stop playing into "natural is best" fantasies and actually understand the food they are selling.  Quit flagellating people's anti GMO delusions and learn about actual biochemistry.  You know, food science is a real discipline, devoted to making food safe, healthy, and... here's the kicker.... tasty.  Selling rancid product makes me question the processors basic knowledge about food, including safety.
1,Didn't cook through in the time allotted. The frosting is very weird, very hard, and not spreadable. Just make a regular cake and freeze one layer for later if you just want a small cake. And use full fat coconut milk in a can and a bag of chocolate chips melted together for frosting...easy peasy and delicious!
1,All the goodness of Simply Cheetos Puffs does not make up for the uninteresting taste and texture. After the first bite, it sort of "disappears" in the mouth. Not crisp, has enough salt but somehow lacks that "punch". After a cup full of Simply Cheetos Puffs, my craving for a snack continued. You could say that it wasn't a satisfying experience.
1,I hate the taste of this energy drink, horrible aftertaste compared to other brands.
1,The color yellow instead of white ,no good
1,A notch above sandpaper. Charmin is way better.
1,did not work as well as traditional windex and a paper towel.
1,Ok
1,I've only purchased the traditional mint and thought the assorted fruit might be interesting. GROSS. Back to traditional/mint I go.
1,The popcorn that was popped in these bags was very "hully" and got into the spaces between the kids baby and adult teeth pretty bad.  There was also a lot of semi popped corn pieces as well.  Won't be buying this item again.
1,old stale melted chocolate cookies.  I have ordered these before and no problem.  They look like they survived a fireithe or a heat wave.  I haven't opened the keebler choc mint cookie yet as last time they were all melted and stuck  together.  was hoping enough time had passed you yp  had cleaned out the bad ones.  now the whippets are in the same condition.  please check your inventory for stale nasty cookies.  I will not be buying these anymore and if the grasshopper cookies are the same.....you can believe I will not be buying them anymore eitherl.
1,DO NOT BUY IF YOU HAVE ECZEMA.  While as a lotion it works good the problem is that the chemicals used in this lotion are not high quality.  I have eczema reactions that are triggered through this lotion and I hate it.  My feet flare up and I'm still itchy the following day.
1,This variety had the most unpleasant taste - like drinking bubble gum.
1,too small for average bathroom and small space trashcans....very thin
1,I had high hopes for this product.  I would have been willing to look past the girly applicator, if the product worked.  The product had to be reapplied every 10 minutes.  I have much cheaper lip balms that can outlast this one.  This is not a great product.
1,Not so great. Not worth the time it saves really.
1,I love potato/leek soup and have been looking for one since my local church stopped	serving it at the annual fairs.  This boxed soup is awful, very little flavor and the texture of glue/paste.
1,Tasty snacks but I got the runs every time I ate them. Will not buy again.
1,I was pretty mad when I got this to find that they were not blue. The ones I got were red. If they are not going to look like the picture they should say so! I needed the blue to match the dcor I wanted so this was very disappointing. Otherwise they are your standard solo cup.
1,It's cheap, yes, but tastes to Ketchup.	It doesn't come with meat.	Doesn't taste good for tomato sauce, nor pizza.	I guess it is meant to put together with baked chopped meat.
1,This is OK, nothing special, get Dawn Ultra, there are a much better products in the Dawn Ultra line.
1,Get the cherry instead. These tasted pretty bad.
1,if the kids don't like it....
1,Sort of sweet and gets soggy in milk pretty quickly. I got it because it was on sale and was relatively lower in fat, but wouldn't buy again unless really really inexpensive.
1,Does not smell good
1,I really wanted to like this but can't. The taste is nothing near pad thai. Will not buy any Dr. McDougalls instant noodles anymore. Nongshim would be a safer choice and usually authentic.
1,Not the best Kashi bar compared to others. The sea salt made it very dry and hard to chew. The chocolate had turned ashy.
1,pies did not taste good and filling was dry
1,I'm not a fan at all of these Annie Chun noodle bowls.  The noodles taste very bland, and the sauce is worse
1,My cats didn't like it.
1,Awful. Barely had any beef. Mostly potatoes.
1,Rips & tears when you try to use one from the box. I will never buy this again
1,As with all other conditioners I expect my hair to feel soft and supple. I have thin hair and soft is a must...		I love to try new brands based off others reviews or simply the smell of it when buying from Target etc.		Not happy with this conditioner.		After rinsing this conditioner out, I immediately noticed my hair had a "straw" feel to it. After towel drying it was frizzy at the ends.		My 9 year old Daughter used it tonight and after she towel dried her hair, it too was frizzy looking all over.		We both have to add a leave in conditioner after using this.		I also buy hair products for the smell. This is just okay. Smell doesn't last as long as other brands I've used.		Disappointed I have a brand new large size bottle to get through before we can try another brand.
1,I've used cover girl mascara before with no issue but this particular mascara made my eyes itchy and red. other than sore eyes, the product was great for bargain dime store makeup- gave me full, thick lashes with no flaking. It's a shame it didn't work for me.
1,Its just deodorant
1,It is like eating stale apples.  The apples are soft no crunch and no flavor at all, it is as if they dried it out of them.  Most of them were small bits rather than rings or slices.
1,This stuff sprays a really fine mist which makes me feel as if it's killing my throat. It doesn't work nearly as well as actual bleach. The fellow next door said he's used it ... so I gave it to him.
1,taste nasty
1,I usually buy these at Sheetz and I love them. For some reason these are drier. Not even close to the moistness I love
1,Crushed all up
1,I was intrigued by this flavor possibility, so I ordered a bottle.  I had one bottle of water flavored using this product & tossed the rest.  I just did not care for the orange passionfruit combination at all.  As with so many things with food it is all a matter fo preference.  If you enjoy passionfruit, I would suggest that you would enjoy this very much.  I don't dislike them, but I am not a big fan.  I never eat them alone, but think they are tasty in a salad with a variety of fresh fruit.  Apparently, I like my passionfruit in very limited doses, not as a fetured player.
1,STALE!!!
1,Not worth the price.
1,Stale cookies with a marshmallow and small drop of raspberry jam on top of them coated in what appears to be once melted chocolate. I'm disapointed I wasted my money on such a terrible cookie-wanna-be. VERY STALE and was melted once which made the chocolate appear discolored and tasted terrible!
1,Because they came in crust not very happy.
1,I got these for our elderly cat who needed a month of antibiotics. She wouldn't touch them. I figured rather than waste the whole bag, I would give the remainder of the pockets to the other cats as treats. Even our fat cat (think basketball with legs) who never turns down food was not interested in these.
1,Contained wheat pasta. Could not use. Didn't read the ingredients like I should because I didn't expect a product called pilaf would be like a rice a roni.
1,This is awful. Somehow it's sweet and it tastes like nothing. It smells like onion, even though there doesn't appear to be any onion in it. I thought it would taste much better than this, and it definitely did not. I wish I had put some salt in it. At least it would have had flavor.
1,Too much sodium
1,Too slippery!  It all ends up in the sink, not on hands.
1,Not that great....
1,The longer I use this shampoo/conditioner combination the dryer my hair becomes. It literally turns my hair into a straw like feeling while in the shower and makes it nearly impossible to comb when I get out. Since I have extremely LONG hair this is an issue for me. I will cease using this shampoo/conditioner after today and after having used it for a week in order to save my hair. VERY DISAPPOINTED.
1,these were MUCH spicier than I imagined!!!!
1,Stale!
1,this product is terrible, going to throw it out, guess I didn't read the label or the info was not as complete as it should be
1,Was very yuck.
1,VERY disappointed.  VERY small rolls.  Not as expected.
1,Not for diabetics.  Loaded with corn syrup.
1,Swollen glands in my armpit made me have to go to the doctor
1,I actually love these crunch Donettes; unfortunately the ones I received were not fresh.
1,Worst coffee ever tasted
1,Not for me.
1,Had a stale taste, don't remember it being like this but the package was sealed and in date. Won't purchase again, too many others on the market.
1,BEWARE! Febreze is TOXIC to lungs! Febreze gave me a lung/upper respiratory infection and a bad cough for 2 weeks, and I'm still not well. I've been coughing constantly and hacking up green phlegm every few minutes. One of the sickest periods I've been in, in my life. I have no other symptoms of cold or flu, just a bad cough and green mucus, and it won't go away after 2 weeks. It happened immediately (within 24 hours) of spraying Febreze in my bedroom and house. It started with a bad multi-hour migraine (one of the worst ever), and then weeks of coughing. I'm a normally very healthy and strong young adult.		Hard to say if it worked as far as odors. I'm too I'll to smell now!
1,too crunchy (hard) and too salty.
1,Wish it had been softer , it's a hard cracker.
1,I just thought I would try this brand. I was looking for a soft tissue.  It is soft, but it comes off on you.  It doesn't ball up like some tissues, it really leaves more of a residue maybe.  I didn't like it. I prefer little balls to this stuff.
1,Glad I didn't buy these for my teeth. Bought these as applicators and for scrubbing sleeves on my workshirts. Could never brush my teeth with a handles the flexes this much.
1,These are supposed to be reusable, I guess.  Yuk.  They're good to stick in a purse or pocket for a single use, but other than that require an alcohol wipe or other cleaner.  Wouldn't recommend.
1,The almond butter in these was so sweet that it hurt my teeth. Even my 4 year old said these were way to sugary.  I was expecting more of a breakfast biscuit with actual almond butter inside. This is more like a cookie with frosting inside.
1,Horrible. ..stale
1,There is a disagreeable metallic taste to this soup! It was so bad I was afraid to serve it! II opened a second can and the same problem existed.	I feel as though I have wasted my money! Store items do not have this problem.
1,Not what I expected!
1,This tastes like cardboard! I like Erewhon Organics or Trader Joes better.
1,does not taste like pumpkin spice at all
1,the taste is terrible
1,nasty taste that coats ur mouth
1,Wow, this purchase was disappointing on every level. The ginger flavor is weak with no zing, and seems almost watered down. Additionally, the inclusion of sucralose (Splenda) in a non-diet labeled soda is an unwelcome discovery. And, rightly or wrongly, I feel a lingering annoyance at the lack of forthrightness.		Stating 25% less calories on the box does not automatically indicate the use of an artificial sweetener. Seagrams shares the name with a line of liquor so I hoped the soda would simply be a little less syrupy sweet, with a flavor perhaps a bit more grown-up -- but not diet.		Usually the packaging boldly states Diet or Ten or some other indication of an artificially sweetened product. It is common for people to have sensitivities to sucralose or simply wish to avoid it so what is the reasoning for mentioning its inclusion only in the ingredient listing?		Reading the ingredient label searching for diet ingredients in non-diet soda is not normally a part of a soft drink purchase but I guess Ill be checking from now on. So, between the diluted taste and the buried Splenda, Ill stick with Canada Dry or TJs in the future. Both of the other brands have a much more pronounced ginger bite to their flavor.
