0,Originally I purchased a pair of lock on grips, but when I received them I realized they only locked on one side. The grip rotated a little on the bar and this worried me. If I get into a tight situation I don't want the risk of slippage or break. These grips lock on both sides and have a nice look to complement the rest of my mountain bike. They have a good hand feel, not too hard and not too soft. Great value at under $10.
0,I love it. It fits correctly.
0,Overall good Kukri. Nice solid feel. Just needs to be sharper.
0,Liked the knife ok , the scabbard not so much.....it scratches the paint off of the knife and the handle strap broke off as soon as I took it out of the box. It was barely tacked with thread. I put a rivet in it which holds much better.
0,What can I say??? Best wedges ever made. I ordered a 56 Deg. This review is for a 60 Deg wedge. Can I recommend it? Yup..go for it.
0,Best mouth calls I've owned. Green for spring, blue for fall.
0,Solid stem after a month of use...more robust than stock Trek stem. Install was a breeze. GREAT price.
0,Works as advertised
0,These socks have replaced all of my old cotton socks. Very comfortable, durable (have owned for years now) and really like the no-show look. They are better than any other weekend / workout socks I have tried (New Balance, Asics, many others).
0,They work really well but I received two different Dumbbells. One was longer than the other and just weren't similar. I contacted seller and had to wait a week to receive the new bar, and still it wasn't the same but for the price you can't complain. Their customer service is great and quick to respond. Either way these Dumbbells are perfect, instead of having a bunch you just need these two. Just takes a while to change out weights.
0,Takes some learning, but works well.
0,love it
0,A tube is a tube.  Not a whole lot you can say.  Satisfactory.  Arrived on time.
0,Great quality!!
0,My son loves it
0,Worked great.
0,Great little knife. Tough and well made.
0,These sights were a perfect fit for the XDS. They 1-2yrs old, new in box, based on the "14" that is painted on the sights. They glow nicely in a dark room. Perfect amount of light output.
0,Just bought my second pair of these, having finally gotten the first pair scratched up beyond hope. They're the best goggles I've had, though I've only tried inexpensive ones. They don't leak, like some unisex goggles that are apparently too big for women's eye sockets. And they don't keep fogging up, the way the super-cheapo goggles do. I usually swim indoors, and I have to wipe the fog from them with my thumbs once toward the beginning of each swim session. I assume this is just from condensation, as the goggles have been stored in a usually cooler, dryer place than the air around the pool. After that, they're good.		The one thing I don't like about these goggles: changing the nosepiece.  They come with an assortment of nosepiece sizes - that's good. But the nosepieces are a pain to yank out of the goggles. After mucking around with them awhile, and concerned I might tear the nosepiece, I googled the problem. I found many other people had the same trouble - but not much posted in the way of solutions. So, I called Speedo's customer service number. The guy who answered my call seemed new to the problem, but apparently his colleague was very familiar with it. Anyway, the upshot is: just yank the nosepiece hard while bending it a bit, til it comes out. I also twisted mine a bit on one side, which Speedo said I could do, but I ended up deforming the nosepiece a bit. Then when I decided to try that original nosepiece again, it was hard to get back in. So my advice is, yank the nosepiece and bend it back some, but don't twist it.		Happily, once you get your proper-sized nosepiece set, you don't have to do it again so it's only a nuisance at first.
0,sharp and cool
0,I bought these for my single speed and they are awesome. Holds well, easy to adjust if I wear different shoes. Feel like my pedal power has increased!
0,Good quality
0,Has held up well and works very well in low light areas at range but rocks in day light can pick up super fast and distinctive Great price point and it on my Sr 9 with 1000 round in it this month no problems
0,Nice selection of saltwater tackle for a week on the beach and in the bay.
0,nice finish, very light. good quality hardware.
0,I got this to wear under wetsuits, for warmth and to make it easier to get on a dry wetsuit. I'm 5'3", 115lbs and really have to tug at the legs to get the crotch of the suit up to where it should comfortably be. It's not baggy and easy to zip up.  If I were any taller, though, I don't think this would be comfortable.  After about two weeks of constant wear and a run through the washing machine, it's not showing an wear.
0,Great product!!
0,Very good quality and preferred by me over slotted screws.	As I only take my grips off a few times a year for down and dirty cleaning	I find it faster to use Hex head screws on my Beretta's grips.
0,Probably the best set of jump rope I have ever used. What makes this set unique is the way the handles are attached. They don't have the cord or strings coming out of the handle, but rather the handle is attached to a meal loop that wraps around the string. What this does is it allows you to keep the handles still, and at a 90-degree angle, and so you do not need to move your arms in a circular motion. Just your wrists are needed and the wire will go in a circular motion, as in a pivot. The wire is made of a durable, but thin plastic, so its lightweight. My only complaint is that the length of the rope is long. Being on the short side, it seems for me, more work to move the wire under my feet during the jump, and a higher probability that I may come down before the trailing rope and either mess up or trip. It has not happened, but there is a probability that it could. A taller person may not have this problem. Besides that issue, I find these are an excellent fitness jump rope to use.
0,Kastking superpower braided line has no equals. It comes in a variety of colors and test lbs, and not only is it the best braided line to have graced my fishing poles, it's even more lovely considering it's also cheaper than rival lines. This  is the line you've been searching for, and you will no longer have to tell stories about the one that got away. Kastking has an awesome line, in fact, it's king in a kingdom of quality fishing companies and products. Two big thumbs up from me.
0,Product as advertised, works great and fast shipping.
0,This is pretty awesome. Way more stable for a little kid. They don't hit rocks and fly off of it.  They don't need good balance to use it.  Much better than Razor for s little kid.  I got it for my 4 year old. Initially I bought her a razor, but it was to tough for her. This is more fun for her and more stable in my opinion
0,What ever it is I decide to prepare for my son, the combination of containers fit neatly into his lunch kit.
0,I read the reviews and agree.  This making crimping easy and fast. Highly adjustable and accurate.  It does increase accuracy.  I bought one for each caliber I reload for,
0,Fantastic water bottle  !!!
0,Great fit and grip
0,good price and quality
0,The rain cover is fully water proof as expected and the visibility of the color is high. It would have been nice if there was at least one tether strap to attach the cover to the backpack instead of just depending on the cinch cord
0,Wish I went with another color. The green and black is pretty cheesy.  But the quality is good.
0,We had a tea party and one of the games was to play tea-pong (bounce the ping-pong ball into a tea cup) and for that they worked great.  I love (and the girls at the party loved) the colors and some even made it in the tea cups.  Have no idea if they would work well for ping-pong, but they were perfect for what I needed.
0,My husband surprisingly loved this so much last year when I bought him, I got him another pair this year!
0,Great product!
0,Nice solid plate holder. The Pittsburgh stuff is a sticker though.
0,It is a little tricky using until you get use to it. But after that is really does a nice job analyzing my terrible swing and slow swing speed. It lets me know what to concentrate on. The only thing I wish they would reinstate is the estimated distance. I know this is not an accurate report due to so many parameters on any give day and equipment, but an estimate is better than nothing.
0,Perfect fit for my glock 19 and just what I needed for my GPS range bag
0,Ok, high quality lens and very clear.  I wear glasses, with a small narrow face, they fit fine width wise and tons of room top/bottom and depth.  Only minor fault the rubber or silicone is so grippy they pull the frames off with them. But comfortable all around.  Did notice the design of the flat extended out lens coupled with the side windows along with the nose peice makes for minor blind spots where all these places meet.  Really though, the most important front facing view is very clear without distortion.  Dorky or cool, they offer fantastic protection while using a saw, rotorary tool, etc.  I cant offer info on if they fog up as humidity was low along with temp at the time I had them on.  Don't be lazy and forgo eye protection, get something good!  These are quite nice, just won't pick up any dates in them.
0,Not much to say other than I'm really happy with them. Just as good if not better than more spendy ones.
0,This thing is built like a tank. This is a great blade. I got the cold steel spartin knife as an EDC self-defense knife. It's every Concealable And when you pull it out, wow it is intimidating. The knife came razer sharp. It comes with a clip on the handle and fits snugly in the pocket. It even comes with one extra clip for the handle so you can switch it over from righty to lefty. Long story short I think it's a great blade and worth every penny.
0,My wife is enjoying her new leash ;)
0,This works well in conjunction with my Aluminum Trac.
0,works ok for a cheap red dot. personally i like a chrisper dot and more FOV. This red dot seems kind of large and distortated in a room but outside you cant really tell as much. If you buy this and are testing out how it works GO OUTSIDE AND DO IT! the lighting inside dosent make it look as crisp. not a bad little red dot though
0,I have had this tumbler for over a year and I am not sure how much brass I have run through it, but its a lot!  It was everything I hoped for.  Slightly cheaper in price than its other blue cousin.  Quiet.  And it hasn't vibrated itself apart!  With the brass mixed, the tub holds just about a whole bag or bottle of standard media.  Good product.
0,Good quality and good price
0,Good
0,Lightweight but not flimsy.. Very sturdy made well. Would be good for holding a heavy rifle (Springfield M1A)  or a good quality crossbow (SA Sports Beawolf). Protective rubber on the V is nice.
0,This inexpensive knife is a real quality surprise. It is very well made, and its heft adds to the impression of solidity. I am into the "assisted opening" knives now, and this is a good one.  Buy it!
0,Helps me isolate since my form wasn't the best.
0,Well constructed
0,i am happy with it so far works well and for $75 really not a bad deal at all clamp in the back is a little bit flimsy
0,Ok product, shoulda ordered the spear heads instead.		Seriously, and for the other 15 more words...let's listen to Conway Twitty
0,This is a nice piece of kit that takes the "disarming a bomb" stress out of inserting and removing trigger roll pins.
0,awesome socks
0,This is a very nice neck strengthening tool. Its soft,it fits (adjustable).	I only gave it 4 stars,because,its a little heavy for me,about 10 lbs.	I used it for about a half-hour one day and had a sore back the next	3 days. No instructions how long to wear it for. I am 50 yrs.old and	very active in the Gym-5 days a week.
0,Bought this as a gift for my husband. He loves hunting and this is perfect for holding beverages for him and his buddies. The cooler is soft sided and very strong. The arm strap adjusts nicely for use of a tall or shorter man. He tried it out this weekend and said that it worked very well and kept his drinks cool all day.
0,Ordered these gloves for Afghanistan (High Desert Mountains)and they fit a bit snug but break in to perfect size. They are not water proof or even water resistant. They are good for short exposure to harsh temps and wind and allow you to use hand tools, operate vehicles, zip up your jacket, etc. If you're looking for extreme cold or rain/snow/water, look for something else. If you're looking for a good fit and less extreme conditions they're great. I recommend these gloves for short duration, less extreme conditions where you need a little manual dexterity.	T.Wall
0,You get what you order. Just wish they didn't paint their bars. EXPECT GLITTER-LIKE PAINT CHIPS EVERYWHERE.
0,Fantastic and beautiful reel. My torrent arrived with no blemishes, it is a fantastic piece of machinery for about $40. I love tha 18lb drag and the dual dreaking system is pretty nice too.
0,Great unobtrusive design and functional. Kind of pricy for what you get, but that's pretty much in ine with all things biking.
0,Ditto for all the dry sack bags I ordered, perfect
0,I loved the size of this laser Rangerfinder fits in my same female hand with no problems. It was very easy to use and will be a great tool for outdoor fun.
0,This is a must for your bug-out bag, or in your backpack. You can support your food between trees, or use it to put up a tarp, very light and easy to stow in a pocket.
0,A bit high for what i wanted but thats my fault... for the money you cant really beat it if your just looking to joy ride around
0,Weighs 11.34 lbs., so not ideal for backpacking. The fabric reminds me of a light canvas, which is great for a windbreaker and to keep off the rain/light snow. It's not intended to be a Winter tent.  It's a dome tent, which is my preference, and  comes with fiberglass poles, all nicely fit inside an easily portable heavy canvas bag with handles.
0,The very advantage enemy. Good to use in the summer
0,This is an awesome concealed carry holster, very compact with strong belt clips.  The interchangeable shells makes carrying a wide range of guns easy without the need to buy a separate holster for each one.  I purchased the holster base with a S&W M&P 9c shell.  It made carrying my 9c super comfortable with almost no imprint.  I also purchased an external shell for my S&W Sigma 40E which also fits like a glove.  With a lifelong warranty and such great products I'll be a customer for life without a doubt!
0,Good product,  but needs more glue included.  Hillary Clinton stinks!
0,Fantastic case.  The materials and fit are absolutely perfect.  This is a great case and it does a fantastic job of protecting the phone.  If you spent a fortune on your iPhone 6 and now you need a way to protect it, this is a great case option.  This protects the phone as much as is possible without interfering with general operation and typical use.  Recommended!
0,They are comfortable,not too thick  and they keep my feet dry. I am glad that i bought these socks. Great choice.
0,This is a very good piece of gear. It is easy to adjust, rugged enough for home use and an excellent value at its price point.
0,My decapping rod finally broke.  It lasted 3 years and several thousand rounds some at least 1000 were crimped primers.  I got lazy one night and got going to fast and broke one.	I debated ordering the more expensive one on amazon.  But decided 3 years was good enough.  I ordered 2 so I should be good for a while.  Cheap enough to not have to worry about.
0,These are so much smaller than the universal ones...  I just really enjoy using these so much better...
0,Great for dirt bikes and street bikes.  Can be used with any cleaner to rid your chain of any dirt and debris that will cause you bike chain to wear.	Be sure to use a good chain wax after you clean to protect your bike chain from further wear.
0,Does a great job and makes you work harder.
0,These are solid carabiners. The only issue I have with them is when you tighten the screw to 'lock' them, the screw part keeps spinning instead of locking in tight. Otherwise these will do the trick for camping, just don't do any climbing with them.
0,It is a really good made as well as gives you different angels to use just be aware  that it is a bit on the big and long side for me. But I am also in a wheelchair and a quadriplegic.
0,this is a very solid feeling net, huge net, I plan to use it at a Jeddy on the ocean.  Good quality product, can't beat the price on this baby.  It's nearly $10 less then the closest competitors net.
0,Great line! Strong, high quality, and thin for the pound test you get!!! It was a great deal and Ill be a customer for life!
0,good product
0,I have been shooting these out of my Crosman 2240.. So far they have been great.. these things hit really hard.. I Have shot these and the Crosman .22 hollow points and they both have been very reliable...
0,good belt
0,perfect for livingroom gymnastics practice
0,Again, I have ordered  the bright lite. It is a Total Must for anyone that rides at night. This little light has proven  itself  to have brightness, quality, and above all safety. I am truly  happy  with this item and I would give this the highest  recommendations !!!!
0,Really good quality.
0,I've only just received and begun to wear these so perhaps it's early to be writing a review.  Having said that, these are WONDERFUL leggings (and I'm a longtime legging-wearing gal who has tried practically every brand out there, including Danskin, Spalding, Athletica, City Lights, etc.)  What I love about them is:  1) they're well made and of substantial thickness - not those transparent ones you see everywhere that are more like tights than leggings and become completely sheer within a few months; 2) they fit at the waist instead of sitting on your hips where you have to constantly pull them up; 3) they come all the way down to the ankles rather than 3 or 4" above the ankles like so many leggings; and 4) they're so far extremely comfy.  I am 5'9" and weight 135 pounds and the medium fits me perfectly.  I just ordered two more pairs.
0,Very good
0,Haven't used this yet but it seems to be well made for the price. I expect that whenever you would wear something like this it wouldn't have to stop every bug to be a great relief.
0,Bear Grylls Windshield Jacket (Extreme Blue, size medium)	The blue color is not that extreme or bright, it looks more like a sky blue. The sizing is spot on if not slightly larger. I wear size medium to large polo shirts (6'3", 160 lb) and the medium Windshield jacket fits perfectly. It could be a little longer, but I have enough room in the back and chest as well as the shoulders.		The Velcro closures for the wrists seem to get in the way by snagging on other fabrics. The zipper is located on the other side, so it takes getting used to. The collar can be zipped all the way up providing great coverage for the neck in case of high winds. The jacket material itself feels thin, but seems to keep me warm enough.	There are 2 pockets on the sides, and one map/accessory pocket on the left arm. The zippers function smoothly.		I wore this down to the low 40F temperature range (cloudy) and found that this jacket is way too thin. There is hardly enough insulation to keep me warm with a polo shirt on the inside. I have my doubts about using this as a liner for a winter coat.		Overall: 4/5 stars, it could be a bit longer but the microfleece liner has been keeping me warm. The sizing was spot on for me since I ordered it in the same size as my normal tops with more than enough room for my shoulders and chest.
0,DID NOT HAVE TO RETURN
0,We've been using Nalgene bottles for 7 years.  I wouldn't bother using any others.  They come with a wide-mouth, and if you don't like wide-mouth, then you can get an insert to make it smaller.  They are BPA free and sturdy enough to survive a lot of dropping and banging around which is great since we buy them, not just for us, but for our children.  The only reason we've had to replace one of these bottles is because the kids lost theirs.  We've fixed that problem by imprinting their names on the bottom of the bottles.  Nalgene also sells replacement lids, for when a lid gets lost who knows where :)  Great Product.
0,Comfortable, good color, pretty well made, fits snugly.  Just have to give it a few sessions before it will loosen up.  Overall it's a great boxing gloves.
0,Well made bag. glad I bought one.
0,IT is what itis
0,Great price work as intended. I set one in each room of the house for easy access when the power goes out. I put the batteries in the box read in case of leakage. I have plug-in flashlights that come on for outages so I can insert the batteries in the lanterns. Four large homes this works great. Good for staircases.
0,I wish I knew about the different colors of foam rollers and how they coordinate with the density  of foam BEFORE I bought this , but it's awesome non the less.  The black colored farm rollers are much higher density so they have very little give.  Super painful to use just because of muscle soreness, but I always feel better afterwards. Love the size and the convenience
0,Works great for stability of your shots.  For this price, why not buy it and impress your friends when you take your 100 yard target home to show it off.
0,No issues, great product.
0,I have long time that I did not have a fairway wood, with this purchase, last week I played a round and I hit it so weel
0,Worn 5 or so times thus far and it fits great!  I have a 32/33 waist (athletic build) and the 32 was way too small.  I should have taken the advice of a previous review of getting the next size up.  Once I did that (34) it fit great.  Definitely recommend.
0,Will buy again...Awesome...Keep up the good work!!!
0,I purchased this to use during workouts so I could fill it with any water faucet and not have to worry about the taste.  Filters great for taste and carries a enough water for 1 workout.  You have to suck a little through the straw to get the water through the filter, so if you have a problem with that you should probably skip it.
0,These work great!!!  You can put these in any bug out bag or even your pocket.  These are a really good deal for the money!
0,I just got the Body Rider Fan Bike. My husband assembled it without to much trouble. It has a small footprint and will stay in the living room by the TV. I am 5'3" and the seat and pedals are fine for me. I have short arms and I have to learn forward to use the arms correctly. I put a folded towel on the seat and it feels fine for a 20 minute ride. I can pedal forward, backward and without using the arms. I also tried pedaling standing up and that worked. So far so good.
0,I bought this for my 8yr old and it was a perfect fit. She is slight and it was exactly what I wanted and did not wrinkle or sag.
0,Great size for small boats or kayaks that want bigger performance features.  Unit removes from the base for storage.  Brake level to control descent speed.  Depth Meter included.  These worked well on my pontoon boat for occasional dr fishing in nearby lakes.  I prefer the horizontal handle design used on the Scotty over competitor products simply due to ergonomics for retrieval.
0,Great product.  Used on my issued glock and m4. Carbon wipes off much easier. Especially in the bolt carrier. It's also seems to lubricate well but I have not put it through and extensive session yet of 1000 rounds plus.
0,Hands down Best tire on the market. I ride 200-400 miles weekly and never a tire issue.
0,This bag in the large size holds all of my stuff- 2 tubes, 2 co2 cartridges, small Portland Design Works, Shiny Little Thing co2 pump,  my phone, tire levers, keys, small tool kit, and a pair of tweezers in a little case.  I use the tweezers to get out small embedded shards of glass or metal in the tire.  Even with all this, I still have some room left in the bag, but it does not look huge on my bike.
0,I would recommend buying this to the next person.
0,This works great! It rolls across the floor very smooth. Sometimes for someone slightly out of shape like me a little too smooth. LOL!  Even the first time I used it, I woke up the next day and my abs were sore. But that is a great sign!
0,I'm impressed with this the SKLZ parachute. It is easy to use and lightweight. I was surprised at how effective it is for the weight. The belt rotates 360degrees allowing for a full range of motion.		The chute is designed to increase acceleration and performance at top speeds. So for it to be effective you really have to run at a fast pace to get that resistance. I  like that it has a carry bag to keep it contained and organized. The company also makes a pro version that has two chutes. Overall a nice quality product for training.
0,Great Product
0,Awesome!!! Probably the best light money can buy!!	1) So bright people mistake it for police lights!	2) Rechargeable batteries last for about 10 days on a 45 min daily commute.	3) Highly visible from the side and from behind almost a mile away!	4) Easy to grab on the go and switch it from the seatpost to the backpack straps for oncoming / behind trafic	5) Sturdy and quick mounting system	6) Well adjusted flashing pattern: normal-alternating / fast attention grabbing / full on		On a personal note: My first one started to fail after a year of daily use. I contacted the manufacturer PDW and they sent me a new one (internationally!!) free of charge. Satisfied and in love customer for life!!!
0,I've been touring for 45 years and tried many different tires.  These are absolutely the best touring tire available.  ...and they are foldable.
0,Timex quality. Great Indiglo backlight. In a light weight package.
0,Works great! Highly recommend.
0,My husband's studied Muay Thai for years, so I asked for his opinion. He loves these gloves and asked me to order several pairs for my son and his friends who have begun training together. They feel great...I recommend going with the larger size, unless you have tiny hands. Great quality for a reasonable price.
0,Works well, very handy, adds to your comfort
0,I had ordered this kinfe for use in airsoft gaming and disarm drills and I was very impressed. The handle feels like a real knife handle and the blade is sturdy but will not cause serious injury. Just be sure to wear some eye protection because this can seriously harm the eyes.
0,good deal
0,I actually use this for an iPhone 5s carrier on my body armor, works great.
0,Wonderful shirt for the price. Heavier made  then what was expected for the price.
0,I have had the freezable drink coolers since the late 80's. I can prove it by attaching a picture of one of the original ones I bought in the late 80's, approximately 1988 or 1989 and made by Candea Inc. Canada.  I just received this order today now made in America instead of in Canada, and it's bizarre/surprisingly they're exactly identical except one thing.  My original "The Fridge" has a logo on the side stating "The Fridge Cools Like Ice"!  My originals are working awesome, the plastic film that was heat shrink on to The Fridge is in perfect condition considering and I've enjoyed them so much I bought four sets of these and I'm not regretting the purchase (2 sets are gifts).  But we'll see how these hold up compared to the ones I bought back in the day. Thank you so much for reading my review and have an awesome day!  BTW, the seller is great and I received a day early!	PS if I remember correctly place your Fridge upside down in the freezer! ;)
0,Arrived on time and is good quality for the price
0,works, screw heads started to strip a little, put them on Lee dies
0,I was very much pleased upon procuring these items on hand. Not only does it look physically stylish and attractive but the quality of the material by which it is made of was very fine. You could that it is very durable and will surely serve you for a long time, which is real nice. It is lightweight and has the compartments you need for keeping all your valuables intact and secure while you are on the go outside. It is so perfect for your passport, cards, and cash. It is also slim that others would hardly noticed that ypu are wearing it underneath your clothing. The strap is easily adjustable yet strong to not fall off. It also came with free luggage straps which is also essential in one's travel. These straps will surely keep your luggages safely close all the time.	I was able to get these items on a discount and I am glad as well to be able to disclose my fair and honest feedback about it.
0,Its what he wanted and was thrilled to get it. We are waiting for a video to see him in action.
0,Excellent transaction with seller would purchase again!!!!
0,Great block!  I repainted my own target on it.  Shot the handle off.  Not much of a handle anyways!
0,Fit great, feel great.  So far so good, construction looks very good,  size is good, firmness is perfect for what I want(you can really feel it in your legs after a while, great workout!) I wear neoprene socks with them, have never really tried without, I don't know why I would want to try.
0,good fit
0,Not too costly, easily installed, does the job. Did NOT fit my classical, so be sure to measure the sound hole... Fits folk guitar & 12 fine...	Looks decent. Easy to clean. Flexible, so easy to put in / pull out. (I use 1 for 2 guitars, and just swap...)
0,This band fits great and is perfect for running and working out at the gym!  It easily holds my keys and my phone and anything else small that I need.  The reflective stripe is perfect for late night runs and I haven't had any issues with the belt sliding down. I love being hands free while working out and not having to worry about carrying my stuff everywhere (especially at the gym).
0,Lightweight sleep mask with adjustable elastic band. Very soft on my face. Ear plugs are an added bonus.
0,Great for gutting deer
0,A nifty sling-bag for a few, choice items. This size and design works great for the daily commute (assuming you don't take a laptop along) or perhaps a day-trip. It's ideal for cycling as it doesn't suddenly swing and land on your lap when you hit a bump; it's designed to stay firmly behind your back.
0,great.
0,Perfect fit for size 13
0,My horizontal turret tightening screw stripped, but the short time I used it it worked well.  I returned it with no hassle so it gets 4 stars.
0,luv these
0,It is ok.
0,::::::::::	I purchased this set of Pinnacle Hiking Poles for my husband and youngest son.  My husband currently uses a pole to help him walk on terrain that varies, like when we take the RV out to go camping. He has back problems so does not want to risk a fall.  My son LOVES to be just like dad.  These are the perfect matching pair for them.		The height is adjustable making it perfect for my 6 ft + husband and my almost 5 ft son.  Who could want more to find a set that will work for people who just want one each, but has different needs.		Pros:	  * Lightweight but sturdy	  * The handle is perfect for my husband, he has very large hands	  * Wrist strap for easy carrying when you aren't using it, the strap also has a soft texture inside making it easier to hold	  * Being able to use a pole makes my husband feel much more secure than if he was walking without the extra support	  * Anti-shock mechanism can help you to walk further because it puts less strain on your knees and hips	  * Anti-shock that can be turned on or off, I have never seen that option available before	  * Poles extend for different needs, with a secure locking mechanism that engages just by twisting	  * The poles have a nice measurement system on the side so you can easily find and remember your perfect height	  * Two pairs of tips, one for hard terrain, one for soft terrain	  * Love the beautiful blue color	  * Comes with a handy carrying bag for easy storage.		Cons:	The grips are too big for my hands, which are a woman's average sized hand.  It is, of course, too big for my son's hand, but he doesn't care because his matches dad's.		We have not had the opportunity to use these as much as I would like yet with as much snow we have on the ground.  My husband and I checked the quality though and compared it to the other walking sticks he already has.  He feels like the stability is better in this set than others that cost a lot more. My son has used his to trek around in the back yard just to try it out.  He loves it, but this boy with any kind of stick will love it!  I have emphasized to him that this is not a stick or a sword, it is a tool. I made sure to put the soft tip on even though he was out in the snow.		We only go out in the RV in the summer and fall when my health allows it.  I think these poles may be helpful to me also.  I have limited walking ability and when we do go out camping, I stay in the RV much of the time, just content to have a change of scenery.  I do like to go out and lay in my hammock though and this would be perfect to assist me in getting there and a huge help in getting up out of the hammock, lol.  Once we do have a chance to test these out more, if my opinion of them changes, I will be sure to update this review.  I want to be sure that these are very durable and safe.		My hope is that sharing my opinion, perspective, and actual experiences with products I use in my everyday life can be beneficial to others as they make their own purchasing decisions. How many times have we all bought something only to find it didn't live up to our expectations or the advertised description and think to ourselves, I wish someone would have told me that! Likewise, everyone likes to find that perfect thing they have been searching for and a quality product.		I ordered this set of Pinnacle Hiking Poles on Amazon and received it at a discount in exchange for providing my honest and unbiased review. All opinions and thoughts expressed are my own. I received no other compensation. I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commissions 16 CFR, Part 255: Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising.	::::::::::'
0,Great tool, solid construction, fair price.
0,Well made. Does cause skin to callous but gloves or tape can prevent that from happening.
0,Really nice motor. Runs much quieter than the Minn Kota it replaced, even at the highest speed.  The 55 lbs of thrust push my  fairly heavy,  14 ft boat along at 3+ mph at the highest speed. I really like the variable speed control, rather than being locked into 5 pre selected speeds like many of the Minn Kotas and other brands.  I haven't had a chance yet to see if it really does drain the battery because I only run it intermittently and use the gas outboard to move around the lake.
0,Great product it does what it say worth the money!
0,Came exactly as described. Fits great. No allergic reactions and no hassles. Painless buying experience. Very pleased.
0,I've had two previous machetes, both cheap and neither one lasted. The edge on the Woodmans Pal Premium lasts and lasts. Also, the shape and weight is just right. Once you start it swinging you can easily take down 1/2" branches in one swoop. I've used it as an axe (too lazy to go back and get the real axe) and taken down trees up to 3" in diameter.  The leather-wrapped handle gives you just the right grip, and the balance is perfect. Good stuff.
0,Great bottle, good for boiling water to purify it. This is the second one I own. 40ounces is a good size
0,kids loved it.  the mask was a little bigger than expected, but still worked well.
0,As a former pool hall owner and a retired touring pro, I have been using this shaping tool in particular for years now.. I have every type of shaper and trimming tool and even a lathe and this is the best portable shaper on the market by far in my opinion..  one side is a full shaper, the other side is a very strong suffer, and the unscrewed tip is used to fluff the flat part of your tip to hold chalk and give you better English .. best on the market for using on the fly.
0,Super plastic wrap!  Will last forever...My last box lasted for years and we use alot of plastic wrap.  Try it! You'll like it!
0,I bought this as a stocking stuffer and it was a huge hit. It is well made and fits the holster securely.
0,No mark of authenticity...	But so far so good seems "Hand crafted" or what i like to call "Hand mass produced" good quality for 70$ torture tested first day didn't break. Does not hold a edge well but was kinda sharp out of box
0,Not much to say. I bought this for concealed carry for my G43. Rides high enough and tight enough against the body to conceal under a waist length vest or a loose fitting shirt. no problems with fit or access.
0,Fits my well equipped S&W M&P15-22 very well
0,Really good fins, light weight yet powerful thrust.
0,Received and rust/corrosion was on the base parts; contacted manufacturer and shipped new parts within 2-days.  5-star for easy manufacturer cooperation.
0,Nice set of gloves.  We will see how they last, but not using them but 1-2 times a week.
0,I've been seriously practicing yoga for almost 4 decades, long before it took on religious status in the west.. We used to use small oriental rugs then. The evolution of yoga mats has somewhat matured. Only so many natural materials to use that provide the required adhesion, density, (aren't mushy..which  means lost stability in balance postures), and can handle the physical punishment that yoga mats must endure.		The Manduka Eco is made of rubber, and I believe this handles all three of the above requirements. That is, it is stable, dense, and tough. My take is that it will last for some years, though this is just a guess, as I've only owned it a few weeks. Almost perfect mat, with two minor exceptions. One, it's noticeably cool to the touch, something to do with the properties of rubber I believe. No problem if you have heated floors or do Bikram yoga I suppose. Two, it has a natural rubber odor, which takes a bit of time to dissipate. It's not bad, but you will notice it for a bit.		Other than these very minor issues, it's an excellent mat and a wonderful experience.
0,Will make you cry.  Yep.  My son needed for his Police Academy class.  Recommended by training officers.  That is all I need to know.
0,Nice they include crimps
0,Seems to be good quality. No flats yet!
0,I was given one of these kits for .45 ACP.  I liked it so much I ordered two for 9mm.  One for my wife and one for me.  These are well made, compact cleaning kits that h it.andle most pistol cleaning jobs.  Love
0,I wish these guys had competition because they are way overpriced but I love to use them on my Olympic collar.  I will never waste time with springs again.
0,No bites yet, but the action on these lures is very nice. I haven't had the opportunity to fish them in the right circumstances yet, but I imagine they will work very well, given the action and flash. they are realistic looking in the water, feel very durable, and cast smoothly.
0,Sturdy and really does work for multiple different calibers.  I use it for .223, .45acp and 9mm.  I'm going to buy more of them.  Way better than my RCBS.
0,Great saddle. This is the 4th one I've owned, and have them on all my bikes now. Can't beat the comfort on long training rides. This is my go-to saddle for all my bikes.
0,Excellent ear protection.
0,Excellent,
0,works great after  I shortened the rope a little
0,This is an excellent pouch, just the size I was looking for. Big enough for my day-hiking emergency kit and a few extra items too. Seems well-built of sturdy materials.	There is a velcro flap under the main flap, in addition to the buckle-closure, which adds security, but it can be folded back and secured (to another velcro patch) if you don't want to use it.	The dimensions (of just the pouch 'body,' excluding buckle and attachment points) I measured once stuffed with my gear are 7.5"H x 4.5"W x3.5"D. And it could be stuffed a little bit more if necessary. The height in particular is flexible due to the long buckle-closure strap.	I couldn't be happier with this product.
0,Works great love magpul products always good quality
0,Nice running flask. Not heavy, even when filled with water. Holds my phone and car key and keyless remote. Easy to use since you don't have to unscrew or uncap the top. The only real issue I have is it does not keep the fluids cold.
0,good item, was hopping for bit more padding for palm of hand
0,Arrived on time, as pictured, and as described. Love the Mountain House Products. They are really tasty and easy to take camping!
0,PERFECT AT ALL... PERFECT SIZE... PERFECT COMMUNICATION... FAST SHIPPING... AND WITH THIS RAIL YOU GET SCREWS (different size!) and the tool!!!	I fixed my AR15 hand guard so fast and easy.... GOOD LOOKING!
0,Bought three for storing various items in the garage. Weathered sealed perfectly with: "AUDEW 4M11mm8mm" rubber weather stripping.
0,Caught my first fish with it recently and it did exactly what is was supposed to do lol		the elastic band on the handle is great too. its nice and sturdy and light too
0,Good replacement grips for my Easton hb(s) on my ol' Giant Yukon SE mtb. The lock-ring ends are such a bonus... inexpensive too!
0,The best ear protection I've ever bought for shooting.  They work great and you can still hear people talk.
0,I purchased this mat to not only exercise as well for a mat on the floor in a small place living temporary at & do not have much & it is a comfortable place to take a nap as well as work out & it is very high quality & worth the $ & very happy with it
0,Works great, i use it when riding my bike in the mornings when its about 30 degrees and my cheeks stay nice and toasty XD. totally worth buying
0,Does what it says it will do.
0,These patches are easy to cut and do not leave a trail of lint in the barrel like other patches will.  Only thing that beats these is a snake.  Love them!
0,I usually ride a road bike but when my son got into mountain biking, I decided to get back into it after a long hiatus.  It has been great fun, though I actually fell and cracked a rib...oh well.  But for the price, it's awesome.  I went to my local bike shop and the closest they could come for a bike with all these features was 3 times the cost!  The 29 inch wheels, front/rear shocks.  No, it's not for the professional, but I'm a big guy and this bike was great.  I would highly recommend it for someone wanting better than a quick entry bike and most likely wanting to do some hard off road riding.  This bike will last!
0,Bought this as a gift for someone.  They recently purchased a glock 19 and this fit perfect.  The engraving is nice and easy to see.
0,Perfect! Was having a hard time finding a tire in this size, not sure why..	Son had fun learning how to fix his bike too!
0,Living in South Florida, rainy season is pretty much a year round thing and owning a High Quality, Affordable Umbrella is pretty much a necessity.	Owning one that is High Quality, Affordable and Wind Resistant is a Bonus!	This Becko Black 54" Automatic, Double Canopy, Wind Proof Golf Umbrella is Not just for golfers, but for Anyone who wants to stay dry on a stormy and blustery day.	The 54" (48" Diameter) Double Layer Canopy features Vents In Each Panel located Between the 2 Canopies which Allow the Wind to Pass Through the Vents from Underneath, Without Allowing the Rain to Come Through the Vents from Above.	With this Becko Umbrella, I can maintain a Firm Grip and not worry about a strong wind turning the canopy inside out, as has happened with every other umbrella I have ever owned.	Becko has designed this Over Sized Umbrella with a Very Sturdy Aluminum Alloy Stretcher, as well as Aluminum Reinforced, Fiberglass Ribs.	The Strong but Lightweight Polyester Material is secured to the Frame with Heavy Duty Thread at Three Different Strategic Points:	1) Inside where Each of the 2 Main Joints Fold  2) at the Bottom around the Tip of each Individual Rib and 3) at the Top of the Umbrella.	There is an 8 1/2" x 3/4" Polyester Strap with Velcro Closures which wraps around the umbrella when closed. One end of the strap is sewn to the umbrella however, it is only stitched 2/3 of the way and I will most likely be stitching the remaining 1/3 by hand for added security.	The Handle features a Button with 2 Triangle Icons. One pointing Up and the other pointing Down.	When the Upper End of the button is pressed, the Double Canopy Fully Opens and the Telescoping Shaft Automatically Extends to it's full 22" Length (3" Handle and 3" Runner not included in Shaft measurement)	When the Lower End of the Button is pressed, the Double Canopy Closes Automatically.	To Retract the Shaft you must Place One Hand at the Top of the Umbrella and Firmly Push the Handle Towards the Top End until the Umbrella Locks Into the Closed Position.	As the Spring that operates the Auto Open Function is Tightly Wound, it Takes a Bit of Strength to Completely Close this Umbrella to it's Locking Position, so it most likely would Not Be Appropriate for an Elderly Person or Someone with Weakened Upper Body Stamina.	The Dimensions when Fully Closed are 14" in length by 7 3/4" in circumference, so while This Double Canopy Umbrella will fit into most backpacks, over sized purses or briefcases, it will not fit into a smaller purse or pocketbook. There is, however, a 5" x 3/8" Woven Cotton Wrist Strap Securely Fastened to the Bottom End of the Handle.	Becko also includes a Nice Polyester Sleeve with a Double Layered End Portion in which this Umbrella can be stored between uses.	The Double Layered End makes it easy to put the umbrella inside the Sleeve without over taxing the sleeve's seams.	Over all this is an Extremely Well Constructed, Automatic, Double Canopy, Wind Resistant, Over Sized Umbrella for the Very Reasonable Asking Price.	I received mine at a discount in exchange for testing and review and am giving it a Well Deserved 5 Star Recommendation.
0,Spendy, but well made.  The bow drill socket is a great secondary use for this tool.  Throws sparks like crazy.  The only negative for me is the price - seems a bit spendy.  But I bought it anyway.  I attached this to a large ferro rod with some brightly colored paracord to keep both items handy.
0,Great case at a good price. Will fit a tactical shotgun with side mount flashlight.
0,I wanted a mat that I could fold up and carry and use when we camp to keep some dirt out of our area. This is light weight and folds up to just the right size!
0,The highest level of tube protection from the rim I've ever seen. Yes, they take a bit of muscle to pop on, but they are by far better than the thin strips of rubber you usually see. Recommended to anybody who routinely slams their bike down the trail and enjoys coming back on a still inflated tire.
0,a+
0,Fits as expected, a little thin
0,Troy makes great products, and these are no exception.  I have these on two of my ARs and would highly recommend them.  Great build quality, very lightweight and easy to use and install.  I have both the M4 style and HK style front sights and I love both.  They are more expensive than others but to me they are worth it for a nice AR.  I wouldn't put it on a .22 rifle just due to price, but for ARs these are a great option.		For anyone wondering if these will work with Eotech magnifier set ups, I have this mounted on a Colt 6920 with an Eotech EXPS2-0 and a G33 magnifier and everything fits perfectly.  There's no extra rail space, it's literally a perfect, comfortable fit.  The G33 magnifier is high enough to sit above the Troy sight when it's folded down.  In order to bring up the Troy sight, you'll have to flip the G33 to the side.  Great setup!
0,Wonderful product
0,Generic type tools, but pretty good quality. Good selection of items.
0,I use this on long plane rides to keep my butt from getting sore and my legs falling asleep.
0,came in as expected, no issues on shipment or bat.  I have hit same bat a few times and broke in model is much livelier than when new.  Hopefully as bat gets broke in...it becomes as I expected.
0,Seemed to be high quality for price
0,Works well to process water for drinking. I fashioned a coat hanger/ 550 cord type handle to pull it from the fire. Great purchase for any kit
0,Ordered this holster 2 months ago for my 9mm shield.  Fits well and no major wear issues.  Also fits my 709 slim.  I have a horsehide, kydex, and nylon holsters for my various other pistols but this holster is my favorite.
0,Written by hubby: Solidly built wallet with room for all my stuff and unfortunately, MORE STUFF!
0,A+
0,Great product.
0,Great fit for a Taurus PT92 AF, but did have to file down a few "high spots" that were causing premature wear on the firearm bluing.
0,like that this is quiet a handy little step tracker i love it clips on so I hide it under my shirt no one has to know I have it on  works great pretty accurate.
0,Decent straps that have held up nicely. But I'll probably get a pair of all cloth/nylon ones soon. The neoprene is kinda nice, except there is an excessive amount I feel like. The strap tightens the center, but theres just extra above and below it that kinda gets in the way.
0,This is a nice bag for added small storage on my golf bag. It hooks on and stays on well.  The zippers are nice and it holds a good amount of stuff. Overall, it's a good accessory.
0,Good for short trips. It can easily be cut with regular garden variety cutters but is good if you need to tie your wheel to the bike. The clip onto the bike doesn't work well though. It is a bit heavy so its' cumbersome to carry in a bag (but reasonable, maybe 5 lbs or less).
0,I put my electrolyte gummies in the zipper portion and filled the hydration bottle up maybe 1/2- 2/3 full. It was perfect for my half marathon.
0,I ordered this for my left handed boyfriend and he was extremely pleased.  This was just what he was looking for.
0,These were a present for 3yr old twin boys.  We took them out of the box and they were scootering all over the place in 10 min
0,Got this for my son and he likes it.  Mask fit his thinner face perfectly with no leaks.
0,I really enjoy using these brushes rather than brass ones. They do a great job of cleaning don't leave behind any traces of it at all.
0,Good book. Wish it was longer
0,All I can say is this is my second set I have bought and I love these. They work really well for the short haired girls
0,If you don't want blisters for running, this is the way to go... It fits well and it doesn't move... Good for running!
0,The kids love these!!  They put them on their bikes at night in the campgrounds.  It looks really cool when they go fast
0,I have had this for a month. I assembled it myself. It did take some time, but its not complicated and comes with instructions. It is of decent quality.	So far it has been working really well with no issues. I am petite, so the back and seat are comfortable for me. Considering its price, its an amazing deal.	It does not take up much space either, and I use it while watching TV etc. Definitely worth buying.
0,would purchase again
0,I'm an avid tent and hammock camper, and picked this up to function as a multi-tool of sorts to handle mostly chopping kindling, but also other small campsite tasks.		The Breakdown:	- It arrived dull af. Like, butter knife dull. Ok, maybe not THAT dull, but yeah, dull. The edge was rough and slightly knicked and required a bit of work. After tooling around with a handheld carbide angle sharpener and a ceramic benchstone, it's got a good working edge.	- As another reviewer mentioned, the paracord wrapping was a bit loose. This wasn't an issue, as I re-wrapped it with different cord, BUT it's very easy to resolve for those that like the sandy military look.	- The case is fugly. Damn fugly. Not that I need some great aesthetic, but I'll be replacing it as soon as possible.	- Weight is right on. It's hefty and feels nice swinging into wood.	- I know prices change, but I can't imagine it will every be anything but inexpensive.	- Made in China (this appears to be important to some people. For the price, I would think most would know this isn't American made though, but it never hurts to mention)		The Bottom Line:	As much as I adore and desperately want the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Ka-Bar-Becker-BK3-Tac-Tool-Fixed-Blade-Knife/dp/B001IPILMA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Ka-Bar Becker BK3 Tac Tool Fixed Blade Knife</a>, I will GLADLY put work into this knife if I can get away with paying next to nothing for it.
0,Beautiful, Sturdy, Priced right. This is a No-Brainer. Buy It
0,Rollers are difficult to use but there is no comparison, the other trainers are just junk. It is like riding and actually makes your riding style better in keeping a straight line and to avoid unproductive or counterproductive movements. Just because some reviews say it sucks... oh well, first learn ho to ride a bike, then buy a roller. I started riding w/out training wheels at 3 years old and always being on any type of bike and still the first 10 minutes on these rollers where a little scary. Once you get it is like riding outside. You can shift gears so to change frequency. I recommend rollers for those who want to keep their carbon frame healthy, and recommend a set of training wheels or at least a set of training tires. This particular one does the job and it is the bang for the buck. Materials and construction are solid and not cheap. Seller's service was awesome.
0,My friend liked his B-day present, said it was way cool
0,Very light on my face, very good.
0,Makes assessing one's skills easy. Even at 25yrds, can see clearly how well one is doing. The stick-ons make each target worth twice the value.
0,A little bit long than expected
0,A+
0,The hooks were exactly as advertised. I was very happywith this product  and will reorder the next time I need hooks.
0,Works just like I thought it would. Clears trails and brush with ease.
0,A+++
0,Bought these.  They are a good size and quality.  I purchased a second set for teaching and would definitely buy more.  The only thing I don't really like about them is that there is an image of a bean on them, otherwise great product.
0,I was looking for poles that would be good for summer hiking and winter snowshoeing. The locking system works as it should. I have hiked over 30 miles on all sorts of terrain and the poles have not slipped from where I set the length. Putting all of my weight on the poles will not make them retract. The metal tips work outstanding on hard granite rock. The rubber tips work well for street use. The baskets stay on when put on properly. The grips and straps work well. For the money I am really happy with the purchase. The differences that I can see from the high end $100 price range is they fold smaller and are made of lighter material.
0,fits my standard cuffs perfectly but my hinged ones not so well
0,If you are building more than one lower I would recommend these. Makes installing the bolt catch pin a breeze.
0,I use it as a travel emergency light but it stopped working. Unreliable just doesn't cut it.****Update- Even though it's well over a year since purchase, I wrote the company and no muss, no fuss, they're sending me a new one. I'm very impressed with that level of service.
0,Great finisher call. This is great both for people who are inexperienced and as a finisher.  I use it to call in ducks with my right hand while my left holds my gun.  This way I can call up tot he last second until I drop the call (lanyard around wrist) aim and fire.
0,It works very well. I just cant believe it is so expensive for what it is.		I have mine set up inline with a Sawyer Squeeze water filter. It has enough pressure to filter the water through, but it isn't a fire hose by any means. One problem I have is if I inflate the air bladder side to push out the water, the pressure is so great that the black air pump bulb pops off. I've got it secured with a zip tie, but even that has failed a few times when there was moderate pressure against the bulb.		I think I like it more than the previous generation of water bladders that required sucking on a hose. However, gram weenies will note that these are heavier than simple water bladders with a hose.
0,perfect
0,Wow! Greatest swim trunks I've ever owned. It's been 4 months now, and the color hasn't faded at all. I did order 1 size up to fit perfectly (I am 32 waist, got the 34)- after about two weeks of use the swink trunks aren't nearly as "uncomfortably tight" like other reviews say. Used exclusively in the pool and hold up great!
0,I like having a nice case to put my pStyle in for camping. The case is JUST tall enough for the device, and, in fact, I have to place it in a little sideways to get it to close really well. I thought it might be a bit stiffer. Not that having the fabric be thinner and softer is bad exactly, but stiffer fabric might be easier to use. I love that it is washable as well, and that it has a mini carabiner to clip to my pack. No more worries that it will fall out of the pocket like my last one did. I'd definitely recommend both the pStyle and the case.
0,Great for redoing some pistol holsters and other belt loop needs.
0,Meets all my spectating for the product
0,Great charge life. Need to charge once a week.
0,Works as advertised.
0,Soft comfortable knitted cap. It will become your favorite. And that's even without the hot hand pads that make it toasty warm. I love it. And now I'm walking more outside, even with the colder weather.
0,Fit perfectly to my Howa 1500.  I'm shooting under 0.5 MOA - Working great!
0,Bought this to replace my planner that I carried around as a wallet because I hated to put it down and worried about forgetting it.  I no longer have that problem with this as I can just put it around my neck and it frees my hands.  It is the size mentioned and is basically the same size as my planner was.  Love all the compartments and extra area to store everything.  Glad I bought.
0,Excellent
0,I have been a fan of their socks since purchasing their hiking socks. Their hiking socks provide comfy socks that did not trap the sweat in. So I figured on cooler days that it would provide both warmth and breathable socks. It's perfect in Southern Californiia, not sure how well it will do in snow country.
0,Perfect replacement. Very satisfied.
0,I am 270 lbs. ALL the other seats hurt my little arse. This one works. Love it and the craftsmanship is awesome.		Pros: quality and its bum friendly
0,Good bag at a good price. Was like half the price of the local store.
0,Bought for adult son. I thought it was well worth the $, and that wasn't that much. I think the bike is sturdy, tires solid. Easy to put together myself. Only drawback was the arm for the 2nd flasher was missing.
0,An inexpensive utility holster.
0,Introduced me to a lot of new exercises and methods. The fact that you have a timer and "workout partner" makes it easier to stick to the program.  I prefer this system over others because it incorporates a lot of free weights
0,Got it for my kid who is the catcher for the baseball team.  He likes it.
0,These are good SMALL targets, perfect for a little air rifle fun in the basement or outdoors. However, you could probably just copy the Jpeg and print these out on your computer. With a little scotch tape, you'll be in business.
0,Bought this for my husband for an authentic looking cowboy costume. He got lots of compliments on it. Highly recommend.
0,Works great!  Use them all the time around the yard!  Very good reception!
0,Comfortable and easily stored. I use this for outdoor events I work and it is easy to transport, set up, and store when done.
0,Figured I would try this to remove the FH and then see if it would work for barrel removal. I put some duct tape on the barrel and it worked well for both. I do not know if rotation would occur when torqueing the nut back on though- we will see!
0,have not used this kit yet but I will be using it to mount a 30mm scope to my AR15.  quality looks good. Rated 4 out of 5 because it arrived missing the square drive adapter......
0,A higher quality bag that GI means that it is also a little harder to fit into the stock. The parts are very good quality and exactly what I was looking for.
0,Such a cool camp stove. Everyone who has seen it loves it! Survived 3 full weeks of camping this summer. Looking forward to many years of service
0,Partly satisfied so far, it's so thin you can't even tell it's in your back pocket.  Only complaints i have.  The card sleeves aren't deep enough for business cards causing the wallet to open some when laying out.  Which defeats the purpose of the RFID block.  Also the money sleeve is so deep, i find myself having to pull out all my cash just to find the bill i need.
0,a little tough to put on by yourself but once you get the hang of it you'll be all set. It kept over 95% of the water out of my boat in non stop downpour rain for an entire day!
0,A bit heavy, but it's not breaking.	I keep this with my emergency kit I carry when hiking and camping and it doubles as my camp mirror.		Wish it came with a pouch for the price, but that has nothing to do with its quality which is high
0,This crossbow sling is awesome and the price is sweet as well. This is constucted with durable materials. The thumbhole is a nice touch. You never have to worry about your bow slipping on your shoulder, and the Range Finder and Cocking Rope or Crank Handle store nicely and secured with the two pockets. The shipping time was also very good. This should be a must have in your hunting equipment. You can not beat the price either. This sling in Big name stores are selling this for over $50.00, not like this one, but the exact one!
0,Great little lantern. Great for power outages or camping. The two hooks on the top come together to attach to a string and/or the ceiling of a tent. The legs lift it up just high enough to sit on a tabe and cast a light over a meal or whatever. I bought one for my Mom to have during the recent hurricanes and it proved priceless when without power for 2 weeks. It uses AA batteries which are common and you can buy in bulk for emergencies. Alternatively, you can keep a few Eneloop AAs around if you want to be more environmentally friendly. The run times are pretty accurate, and it throws enough light to light up your average sized room even at minimum brightness.
0,Excellent bench that can withstand a lot of weight. Just as good as any other bench used at commercial gyms.
0,I bought two of these New Wave Enviro Products 1-Gallon Clear Glass Jugs to collect the pure, safe, distilled drinking water produced by my emergency non-electric water distillation system.  These jugs seem to be pretty rugged, are made of strong glass and are very easy to clean and sanitize.  The handle molded into the jug's neck, along with the handle's molded-in second finger grip, makes the jug easy to handle and carry, even when filled with freshly distilled water at 8 pounds per gallon, plus the weight of the jug.		Our city has a very old water purification and delivery system that is prone to equipment breakdowns and loss of system line pressure that can compromise the integrity and safety of the water in the water delivery system mains and lines. These breakdowns and pressure losses have caused several emergency "boil water orders" to be declared on all water for drinking, cooking, bathing and laundry for major portions of the city in the last few years.  Each of these "boil water orders" have lasted, on the average, for 36 to 48 hours until laboratory test results of water samples taken from several locations throughout the system come back with micro-organism levels at "safe" levels.  Boiling water for the required length of time does kill the micro-organisms in the water, but it does not remove their dead structures or any other contaminants that may have gotten into the water delivery system's mains and lines during a low system water pressure event.  Boiling only concentrates those contaminants in the water being boiled for drinking,cooking, bathing and laundry.  Filtering with the appropriate water filter could remove those contaminants after the water has cooled, but that requires handling the water a second time.  Also, filters can become dirty and clogged, be unable to remove some types of contaminants such as pesticides, herbicides, pharmaceuticals or benzine-based products, or can fail for other reasons.  When a family's drinking, cooking, bathing and laundry water is concerned, FAILURE IS NOT AN ACCEPTABLE OUTCOME!  Chlorination of water of unknown safety is another possible option, but requires numerous steps that must be performed properly at the precise time to be effective and can leave a bad taste in the water that must be dealt with by adding more "flavoring" chemicals to the water. Distillation of water involves putting water of unknown safety or quality into a boiler unit over a heat source able to raise the temperature of that water to boiling, which converts the liquid water into water vapor (steam), with only H2O and no micro-organisms or other forms of contaminants included.  The steam rises from into the distillation unit, which sits beneath the condenser unit which contains cold or cool water.  When the steam comes in contact with the bottom of the condenser unit, it lowers the temperature of the steam and converts it back into liquid water.  Gravity then causes the now distilled liquid water to collect and drain out of the distillation unit's distillate hose into a distilled water collection unit.  In my case, the distilled water collection unit is a New Wave Enviro  Products 1-Gallon Glass Jug.		When my non-electric water distillation system has produced enough distilled water to fill one of these jugs, I remove the cap from the empty second jug, remove the distillate hose from the filled first jug, replace the first jug with the second jug and put the cap on the filled first jug.  I then carry the filled jug to my 5-gallon water storage containers, remove the filling lid from the container, remove the cap from the first jug, empty its distilled water into the 5-gallon water storage container, and replace and re-tighten the container's filling lid.  I put the cap on the glass jug I just emptied, to prevent anything from getting inside it, and return to the non-electric water distillation system.  When the second jug is filled I repeat the same process until I have produced enough distilled water to fill all of my water storage containers.		Now that I have a high performance non-electric water distillation unit I can use on top of the large burner of my kitchen range, or on a heavy-duty steel grate over a large campfire (in the event of our evacuation from a natural disaster, man-made disaster or other "NO B.S. SHTF" event), I no longer have to worry about the condition of the city's water purification plant and distribution system's maintenance level or the safety of my family's water supply for drinking, cooking, bathing or laundry.  My two New Wave Enviro Products 1-Gallon Clear Glass Jugs play a very important role in the successful production of safe, high quality water for my family.  While getting the water we need isn't as simple as it used to be, when we would simply turn on a water faucet to get a drink of water, wash our face, hands, body and hair, or turn on the washing machine without a thought of the quality or safety of that water coming from city's water utility (which is NO LONGER A SENSIBLE OPTION since the water utility can no longer be depended upon to deliver a safe product), there is a satisfaction and feeling of comfort in knowing the water we use is perfectly safe for us to use,
0,I'll admit it, I didn't buy this for about a month due to the price. I had just bought the matching Topeak bike rack and was intrigued at the easy-fit properties of the matching bags. This was a home run. I still think it's expensive, but I commute to work every day and the panniers easily hold my laptop (and extra books if necessary) and the bag portion holds lunches and other accessories. Clips in, clips out, and does the trick.
0,Author of: Raise the Flag: Lean Thy Arms, a book listed on Amazon and at jamesmorebooks, he says the handle grips are blue, look good, and feel comfortable for long rides like steering a Cadillac down the open road with new tires and sturdy sporty rims, and you can go buy this book and read the stories too and see what you think about the grips.  And, go to jamesmorebooks to buy my book and read the stories.
0,it's a weight
0,Arrived quickly, assembled easily and worked flawlessly.... so far. I will evaluate it again in a few months.
0,Some warmth by itself and goes under a wetsuit easily. It doesn't feel constricting like a wetsuit. I used it under a wetsuit in the Galapagos Islands where it was too cold to use alone but would probably use it in warmer water, just for the UV and jellyfish protection.
0,Nice procuct
0,No matter how much abuse I give these little rule pumps they just keep going.
0,I own four of these. That should say enough.
0,I have been using this bench for over a month and I am very happy with it.  It took me about an hour and a half to put it together, but once I did it's been very easy to use.  I especially like being able to move the bench out of the way of the squat rack.		One thing to be aware of is that in order to use the arm curl pad you must use separate dumbbells or barbell.  Some benches have the curling bar built in, but this model does not.  I didn't notice this when I ordered it, but it hasn't been an issue.		Other then that I think you could do a lot worse in a bench for this price.
0,Great
0,This was perfect four our first hiking trip. It was indeed lightweight and fit 2 ppl BUT it was a squeeze. My boyfriend is 6ft and I'm 5'3" and I felt like I could almost touch one end to the other but he was really pushing it. This is good for now but might need to get a longer tent in the future.
0,Bought this for the Coleman Xtreme 70qt cooler.  Fits like a glove!!  (this would also work with Coleman 70qt Xtreme Marine, as they are basically the same cooler.)
0,Great inline skates. Sized like described and very form fitting. Very smooth skating on driveway- no bumps.
0,Beast
0,Great
0,I bought this when I noticed my hand strength diminishing. The entire family grabs it while watching television, since it is adjustable.
0,Ladies,  this is a great pepper spray to have on hand.
0,Very decent optic for the price. Mounted on a s&w m&p 15-22. It was almost sighted in for me , with minor adjustments it was ready to shoot.
0,It is getting harder nd harder to find Champion scoks in women's sizes, so this is a real treat when they appear AND are still affordable.
0,Great little lantern for when the lights go out.
0,i enjoy that the roto evolution holster can be easily rotated to the cant of my choice. This feature makes for multiple uses for this one holster. Very Nice!
0,Zombies don't stand a chance yo'.
0,This product is as advertised and great support staff as well. Do yourself a favor and buy this product
0,I've borrowed and rented flippers before, but with these I feel like I'm just wiggling my feet a bit and moving even faster. Foot fit is as advertised, i am in the larger side of the large size and they were snug as expected. Careful with tensioning the heel strap, you'll want it very tight but to tight it will release a few notches when swimming. I like this because it helps me fine tune the strap length and reassures me that it won't break from over-tightening.
0,The price was a little off-putting. Sixty dollars seemed high to me when similar shorts go for half that. BUT, I have to say, I'm glad I got these. They fit perfectly. I'm 5'10, 155. My actual waste measurement is 34.5". I wear 31-32 jeans. I got a size Medium. The zippers are quality, fabric and stitching- quality. That's why these shorts are sixty dollars.. they're quality. I foresee having these for a minimum of two, three or more years. I'm an avid outdoorsman. Most mountain biking. I love the close fit of these, yet the roomy pockets. A lot of my outdoor shorts can barely fit my iPhone six plus. These shorts fit the phone easily and securely zip the pockets closed. They're stylish shorts as well. I feel like I'm ready for battle when I throw on my padded shorts, then these on top. I can ride for days with no fear of a soar bottom afterward. If you're like me, and would rather pay twice as much for something that'll last and work twice as long, get these.
0,Okay, spoke tools are a must, and this set means any of our bikes, no matter what, we can even out the spoke pressure on.
0,Worked as advertized. Handy quick change with repeatable resultes.
0,Made into a fishing tackle box. It is so sweet
0,I love this freewheel.	It shifts great, looks nice, turns smooth, and the ratcheting mechanism is really quiet!	It weighs less than the freewheel it replaced, also!	I recommend it!
0,These are not heavy duty and you would be crazy to use them for climbing as they are stamped directly on them that they are not for climbing. That said they are working great for what I got them for. Great for keeping things such as wrenches organized especially if they are going to be in a vehicle. I also used some for securing some homemade seat covers.
0,How can you complain about a Nalgene. I really like the bright green its easier to keep track of. .
0,ordered it thinking it was one machete and found out I got two for the price of one.
0,Great holster but bleeds brown leather dye on my G-19.
0,Best one outthere!
0,Very helpful with knee surgery recovery.
0,Works great with my Ruger LCP. Minimal movement when clipped on my belt and easy access to unholster.
0,EXCELENTE PRODUCTO!!!
0,A must have for any true NASCAR fan and is proudly flown on every race day!  Thank a veteran every time you see one as if not for them you would not have the quality of life that each and everyone of you have!!!  Semper Fi
0,i bought this over a year ago and it still works! Despite being submersed in water for long periods of time, cold weather and rain.  Great for any evening event where traffic is a concern
0,works exactly as needed - it folds up nice and compact, and is very light
0,Good Stuff...... Not a great copper remover, but for general cleaning, its great..
0,I have 1500 miles on this chain rite now. I clean it every 75 to 100 miles. I wipe it down or run it thur my park tool chain cleaner. I use Tri-flow lub and white Lighting Epic Ride lube. Its running like a champ. Shifting is great the key is too keep your chain clean and lubed. I ride 150 miles a week back and forth to work.
0,Excelente
0,Good basic utility belt.
0,tsk
0,gread so glad I was able to get this, thank you
0,Good
0,Light weight and so easy to carry.  Works well but wish it was larger. Other than that it is what I was looking for.
0,easy to sight in a rifle
0,It's exactly what we wanted and is like our older one so we are happy!
0,Excellent.  Lasting twice as long as my old Nike already and looks like it will last a couple of years more.
0,I bought this for running to keep the swear off my forehead and it works perfectly. Comfortable. Not a brand name, but who needs a brand name when they're wearing a silly visor anyway?
0,I first used one of these at therapy for me to regain strength from a frozen shoulder due to nerve damage ...so I continue my therapy at home and this resistance bar is really great to start off gently then you can buy different resistance strengths as you get stronger ..very pleased
0,Pretty earrings for a Cowboys fan! These really help tie up a game day outfit.
0,Wish I had found this earlier, would have prevented the close call I had, Now my wife feels better when I walk at night. thank you
0,Worked perfect on my 1985 8hp Evinrude.  No leaks.  I paired it with the following:	Smiful 5/16" 6ft fuel line, ASIN B076VGXJSX	"Five Oceans Female Fuel Line Connector 5/16" Barb - BC 2885"	"Precision Brand M6S Micro Seal, Miniature All Stainless Worm Gear Hose Clamp, 5/16" - 7/8" (Pack of 10)"		I used it on my 1987 Quicksilver 3 gallon (12 liter) fuel can.
0,Really good putter cover.  I enjoy using it.  Would order this again
0,These brake pads are just amazing. I got these after my daughter started using a tag-a-along and the OEM pads weren't really up to the job of stopping all 300lb+ as quickly as I'd like. And wow! We can now stop about twice as quickly as with the OEM pads which were already pretty good. They are also easy to modulate from slow down a smidgen to stop as quickly as possible. The rain performance is great too.
0,I got this blue tooth hat for Christmas. It is very comfortable to wear and seems well made. I had some initial trouble pairing it to my phone but the seller was quick to respond and it was resolved. The sound is very good. I look forward to putting it through the paces in the coming weeks. Did I say how amazingly comfortable it is? :-)
0,A must have for accurate reloading. No more guess work.
0,Update -- only a week or so has passed since I got these and one of the lanterns no longer works. When I depress the on button, the light comes on, but the switch won't stay down and the light goes off and won't remain lit. Will come back here and post if the others have the same problem.		I was offered this set of 3 mini LED emergency lamps for review, and I'm very happy with the great light they each put out with 4 AA batteries (not included). These will provide a great source of light indoors or outside and are small and light-weight enough to put in a backpack if you are camping or hiking. It definitely provides enough light to find your way in a dark passage and has proven very useful around here with the many power outtages we've had with all of the storms passing through lately.		The lights are supposed to last for over 100,000 hours of use -- and I just hope they don't break when or if they get dropped on a hard surface.		The black plastic lantern has a clear "bulb" for the light and a push on and off button on the top. There is a metal handle to use for carrying, attaching to something else with a carabiner, or to hang it with. Otherwise you can just set it on a surface. It probably isn't totally waterproof, but a little rain didn't affect it. I also keep one in my car in case of some sort of roadside emergency. Because it uses 4 batteries, you'll want to check it often to make sure that you do have full power in those situations.
0,love it got my ball backing up like a uhaul truck ~
0,Great bargain, clear glass and the illuminated reticle is icing on the cake.
0,WILL GET HOT if fully zipped.		soft, comfy, generally lightweight.		 I love this for a romantic night in the grass or for backpacking. It is a relatively light bag, maybe 4-5 lb. For the fluff you get, it is good. If you are trying to pack small, this packs well on the outside of a pack. but won't fit in the TETON 55L pack at the bottom. TETON is a great brand, quality bang for buck. Not the lightest for backpacking but I don't mind and like the thickness.
0,Great product!
0,I bought these for my Ruger 10/22 and they work great.  These rings will not mount effectively to the stock rail that comes with the 10/22, so you will want to buy the appropriate rail for your gun.
0,Love this lure
0,Padding: If you are the kind of person who cannot normally kneel on a hardwood floor, you will need TWO of these to practice yoga comfortably.  I do use two of these.  I recently bought a thicker mat so I only have to carry one around, but the jury is still out on that one.		Quailty: I've had this for 3-4 years, it's in perfect shape and looks brand new!  No complaints.		Aesthetics: Out of all the yoga mats I've ever seen, this (the Peony Prosperity Gray) is my favorite!  It's a beautiful, restful, dove grey, and the printed design is really lovely.  Is it weird that I'm thinking of buying another one in case anything ever happens to my original one?&nbsp;
0,Great addition to my gun tools for my garand. It is sturdy and well built.
0,Son loves this!
0,easy to install and provides superb, light weight support of a trailer
0,Solid product with good reputation.  I tried a few other iron sights and was disappointed.  This sight was easy to install, performs well and shoots straight.  Durable and rugged.  It would be perfect if its elevation could be adjusted... it's a back up sight and it's quality more than makes up for this.
0,This seems to be a very good product, just know what you are buying; this is an ultra light "tarp" designed primarily for use as a footprint to go underneath a tent. The material is made of something similar to what you would see a tent made out of, so don't expect something with a lot of thickness or weight to it. If you don't plan on going on long hikes but are more of a "weekend campsite camper" than this is probably not the tarp for you.		  That being said, this tarp is great for it's intended purpose. It packs very small and lightweight into it's included drawstring bag. I may end up ordering two more to keep as emergency shelters in me and my wife's daypacks, and the bright orange is great for that purpose (if you're hoping someone is looking for you). The only reason I give this 4 stars is that, as others have mentioned, the eyelets are not as sturdy and closely spaced as they could be. Still, a good product.
0,Just what I needed
0,dad loves it.
0,Pad is Awesome I can to squats easy and comfortably.
0,I monitor my chain length with a tool and replace it when its time in hopes of having my gear set last longer.  I get 1500 - 2000 miles from these chains on my road bike and am on chain number four.  The price is right and replacement couldn't be easier.  Press out a pin on the old one (after finding out once again that the Power-lock is non-reusable just like they said), match the length with the new one and press out a pin on it, apply the Power-lock link as instructed and rock and roll.  The P-lock does take a bit of effort but it's always worked for me
0,Very nice quality. Works great!
0,nice product will order again
0,Like, will definately come in handy on the Appalachian trail. Light weight, small and won't take up alot of room in my pack.
0,Good ball for the price.  Especially if you don't care about the glow in the dark, which isn't great.  The glow in the dark is more of a 1 time novelty.
0,Re ordered and returned first pair all went great on 2nd pair very pleased with service !!!!
0,Very nice design, if you would like to increase sales, remind Customers to Sharpen Hooks before fishing. With the exception of Very Small hooks (#12 to # 26 Fly Hooks), 26 being the smaller, most but not all other hooks must be Sharpened!! 45 years ago I increased my catches of Steelhead/Salmon by 10X !! Of Course I'm referring to relatively large hooks,  like 1/0 to 6/0 single hooks! I rarely use treble hooks on some. Even then on Spoons like "Stee-Lee" brand I exchange it with a Single hook. Some erroneously believe that treble hooks increase the Catches! I also don't use Siwash hooks. On 5 oz. Stee-Lee Spoons I replace with VMC 3/0, bait hook. The offset hooks Catch more.	I even push on the eye of the fly hooks, to make them offset before tying a Fly! Not every tradition is based on logic!! For most fly tiers it is easier to tie on a straight fly hook. I prefer to catch more fish. Again,	unlike your counterpart, who sold the Rose Kuli Lure, your Lure is Very Nice. I may even keep it in my lure collection! ! Thank you...
0,Great value for some cheap trucks
0,well made
0,For the cost these poles work really well.  The rubber tips wear out rather quickly but that not a huge deal.		They saved my butt couple of times on a recent hike and lessen the impact on your knees when descending.
0,Great fit!
0,IMHO, Fobus is the gold standard in holsters.  As an owner of three, each fits perfectly and keeps the firearm securely in place.  The comfort level is second-to-none.  Adjustments are easy.  Overall, a fine fit at a fine price.  You won't be disappointed.
0,I have a huge head so other headbands like this start to hurt pretty fast. This one in the large size is comfortable all day. I just wish they had grey in a large.
0,Great price , great quality and free shipping .. I am not super picky about the roundness after all in shooting these things.. Will be ordering more soon
0,its amazing, money well spent ! highly recommended
0,Smaller than I thought, but still a good stomp pad that does the job.
0,Nice bag for the price very light but well made.
0,Bought this for my daughters velvet riding helmet so it wouldn't get dirty or dusty between shows....  This is the perfect bag.  It would fit any size motorcycle helmet (we have those too).  Highly recommended.
0,Very nice looking knife, I like the shape of the blade and it functions like it is supposed to. Blade is sharp, could only be better if it had some serration on the blade to make it more useful than just cutting.
0,love these socks..I'm wearing them for hiking and get alot of comments. will buy from this site again.
0,I love these knives
0,Great scope for the money. I have yet to find a fault in it, yet I'm no experienced shooter. Others have proven it track perfectly and I can't find any complaints about durability, although one reviewer apparently broke one with a .338 Lapua. As with their advanced red dot I bought, buying this scope saved me a lot of money over what I was looking at, at little to no cost in quality or features.
0,Great for myself
0,These worms are tiny. Perfect for trout and panfish.
0,OMG..........so awesome and intimidating
0,This is a great product for Fantasy football players.
0,Great watch! well made and very classy for the money.  No regrets buying this watch.  After looking for a new watch for months I couldn't be happier with my decision.  Highly reccommend
0,Worked great on stains
0,Note to self.... If you bring it to the range keep it safe.  It rolls away and people accidently pick it up.  I brought this to check my buddys reloads before I ran it through my gun and I had it one day and now its gone.  I will buy another but it wasx annoying.  I rally liked having it sittin next to my reloader to randomly test the loads to make sure they are going through the dies properly.		Was good quality and I will be buying again.  I can fully recommend.
0,works great
0,Great socks for fins. It avoids hashes on skin after wearing them for long time.
0,Perfect size (medium) my horse usually hates things on his feet but he doesn't mind these I've had them for about a year and nothing has broken or torn perfect for everyday use
0,As always with TAC-FORCE knives, they're reliable, cheap/affordable, and they work. Like all knives, they don't come super sharp. But a touch with a set of whetstones or a diamond sharpener does the trick. These knives are easily sharpened.
0,Part of my threesome set of swords from United Cutlery.  Nice heft to it, displays well.  I also bought an 8 holder  "Japanese gun rack" to display my 8 swords.  I am impressed by the blade -- not a cheap one, but not out of sight, just a good value.  I wish the Tanto saya matched the Wakizashi and Katana.
0,This is nice item that I found on Amazon at a fair price as well. It is put together well.  SW
0,Like this yoga bag! The black color is very functional, but the chakra signs make it fun, interesting and are a good reminder of the energy source while doing yoga. Have received several compliments from other yogis.
0,I own this Big Agnes DreamIsland and Hinman DoubleWide pad (Look for deals). These two items are intended to be part of one great sleeping system. Do not substitute. Plenty of room for 2 which makes it nice an cozy. I use it as my daily blanket for my home bed and its very warm. It is a great system and I've used it many times. it is great for Base\Car camping. Kinda heavy for long trips, but can be cared in...		LouieV
0,nice
0,What is displayed as green in the pictures is actually tan. Tan does not go with black, I don't know what they were thinking that automatically lost a star for misleading and not coordinating colors. However, the rest of that hat is of superb quality. The Kryptek pattern is very well done and seen. The Logo on the photo is very good. The clasp in the back is the higher-end velcro. And the back half of the hat is like Under Armour material, super stretchy, comfortable, and sweat-wicking. Get the correct pictures and this will be Five Stars without a doubt!
0,Very easy to install, still working great. Note that the black rubber tubing has a twisted metal core, and won't cut as easily as you might expect.  Certainly a pipe cutter didn't work.  A nice pair of wire cutters does the trick.
0,Don't take chances when sizing your brass.  There are lots of tools, but this is one of the best, accurate and consistent!
0,Great bag that fits my stove with plenty of extra room. Well made with good quality zipper and cloth.
0,This is the 3rd Delica I ordered - this one as a birthday present for our son who is in Cub Scouts and recently got his Whittling Chip.		The Delica - especially this version fulfills a couple of basic requirements I have for knives:		- the locking mechanism is solid - once the blade locks open, it stays open.  If one accidentally hits the back of the blade, it will not fold back.  On the other hand, a closed blade will stay closed - the lock puts enough spring force on the closed blade that it will not accidentally deploy - had that happen with an older Cold Steel AK-47 knife and it was not pretty.	- The blade holds a good edge and can easily be re-sharpened.  Having the full flat grind helps with the cutting ability of the blade.	- The grip has an excellent texture pattern.  Even with wet hands one has enough purchase to establish a firm and positive grip.	- the clip is highly reliable and can be adjusted four ways (tip up/down, left/right hand carry).		I've been using my own Delica four about five years and it is still my go-to knife.  The one that I just purchased will last my son for a long time - hopefully well beyond his time in Scouting.
0,Aimpoint quality at below vortex prices, I run these on my AKs and ARs \ if you don't like the mount, spend $35 on the aimpoint mount,yes it will work. 50,000 hour battery life, and tested to the extremes. I dropped mine multiple times on concrete, dragged it and than dunked it...couldn't make it stop working. A must buy for the price, clear, crisp and amazingly perfect
0,great reel for the price
0,We chose a size too big,  but my daughter loves this parka non the less.
0,Outstanding for price.
0,Works perfectly as a pre-wrap for some tool handles I was wrapping with paracord.  Easy to use, this is good stuff.
0,Excelent product
0,Use this all the time. Works great for EDC when you don't need a ton of water. Have had it for a while now and no signs of leaking. It does develop small spiderweb cracks by the spout when dropped, but that has not effected anything other than the look.
0,As advertised...
0,Wanted something to heat water to wash dishes and people. This will do that. Had a hard time deciding on this one larger one or two have this size but finally decided on just one would have to do. This model had the best reviews and a few extra features over similar brands for similar price. Car camp and ride bikes hauling camp gear on bike trailer....peddle power and car camping this well go. But we'll probably leave at home on over night backpacking.
0,Great tire for the price, light and rolls very well, 25 and 28c.
0,Great product! Quality made! It is just what I was looking for to improve my stretching and heel grabs! Love it!!
0,The paintball mask is by far the most important piece of equipment a player can buy. This mask is worth the money. They have never fogged up on me, the foam is very comfortable and the field of view is great. I love how the profile of these are small but can also be a curse as there is no upper neck protection like most masks, but hey how often do you get hit in the neck(my famous last words). No really you don't get hit in the neck that often for it to matter and when you do more than likely any other mask wouldn't have protected you anyway. I couldn't ask for a better mask, most masks you feel as if you cant breath while wearing them but this one i feel i could wear all day long.
0,This bag is the perfect size--fits a pair of shoes, change of clothing, and water bottle without being too bulky. I love the adjustable shoulder strap so I can wear it as a crossbody. Overall an ideal gym bag if you don't need to carry any extra equipment to & from the gym.
0,Pretty good knife, although I ordered the all G10 handle version.. I received the steel hand guard version. It's a bit heavy closer to 4 ounces but still built like a tank and easy to sharpen. I'm only taking away one star because I didn't get the version that I ordered but overall I'm happy with my purchase.
0,Purple and pink grips work great.  For some reason the red Yonex grip bleeds and it doesn't have the stickiness of the pink or the purple.
0,I was worried the earmuffs would be too small. I'm a pretty good sized  guy.  They fit  acceptably and DO muffle the sound very well.  In fact to hear normal conversation I have to slip them back a tad. The goggles are fine UNLESS you wear glasses.  They do not fit over  regular eye glasses. I gave them to another person who does not have glasses and they work great. My bad for not reading more carefully.
0,I purchased the basket to be used on my husband's knee walker. It has been a lifesaver for the past 7 months. It allowed him to have the ability to carry things safely while using the knee walker. This has an ingenious design and is very well made.
0,Only time will tell.
0,Worked in the leather on my new Rawlings glove immediately. Will continue use/purchases of this product in the future for conditioning.
0,Great system to conceal an extra mag. Fits perfectly in the pocket and the release is smooth.
0,Just what my husband wanted to replace his worn out slippers. They need to stretch out a little by wearing them.
0,Like this holster.  Holds my Glock in place with low profile.
0,Nice and comfortable.
0,Really a great shirt. I still haven't washed it (it might get a little smaller). It is a good purchase for its price.
0,Nice item
0,love these, this is a permanent attachment to my backpack when hunting
0,Strong, sturdy and dependable!  Well worth the money!  Best Price I could find too!
0,perfect exceeded expectations
0,I guess you do get what you pay for! Going right back to order more of these.
0,They work well, and don't slip off at all, although they sometimes feel like they are, which is weird
0,excellent product
0,Is a tad loose on hubbys small head but is a very nice hat.  The beanie part is a little shallow compared to other regular ball caps.  It looks nice though and is a step up from the adjustable caps.
0,Thanks
0,Perfect fit but not the most comfortable.
0,Wow, talk about well made and sturdy! Quick release is a plus also.
0,They work as promised and are essential for those of use with deep rim wheels who otherwise could not inflate our tubulars. I like the color too but that is a personal thing.
0,Patriotic corn hole sacs work great and are durable so far. High quality exterior.
0,I've been a long-time fan of Hogue grips and own several pairs. However, this is the first one-piece I've ever bought from them, wanting to replace the rubber Hogue grips that came on a new Smith & Wesson 686. They're beautiful. The finish is stunning and the workmanship is outstanding. I did have one small issue that I think Hogue should mention in their instructions. When I removed the old grips I didn't notice that the horizontal pin at the bottom of the grip frame had moved slightly off of center. As a result I could not get the new grips to slide properly on the revolver's handle. I thought maybe I had received the wrong grips until finally I noticed the pin had shifted. I gave it a light tap with a small hammer to re-center it, and the grips slid on easily after that. A one-line caution in the instructions would have saved me some grief. Not a big deal. I love the look and feel of these grips, and the finger grooves fit my hands perfectly. I like that the attachment screw is on the bottom of the grip where it is out of sight and also doesn't touch your palm. Really pleased with my purchase.
0,Very small and heats well. Perfect for backpacking and minimalist camping.  Only complaint is the pots are aluminum.
0,I wear a large size but usually buy x-large to allow for shrinkage; this x-large shirt was just a bit tighter than I like after washing and drying.
0,I enjoy this sleeping bag.  I've done a few nights in the backyard with it, a few nights in Maine, Mass, VT, NH...it's great for backpacking, the size is about half of anyone I hike with.  I would put the size in the realm of a size 3 soccer ball or so.  Spring hiking can be a little chilly...as with any sleeping bag, it's recommended to sleep with as few layers on to reduce cycles of sweating and then shivering (I made this mistake on a chilly April evening).  Late spring, summer and early fall? perfect.
0,These bolt broad heads installed easily and are extremely sharp and durable.  Im very satisfied with my purchase.  I have the following bow:  Arrow Precision Inferno Fury Crossbow Kit (175-Pounds).  I put these bolt heads on the 16 arrows that came with the bow and the marriage was successful and the old in out was perfect.
0,This was a gift for my daughter's 10th birthday. She and her friend planned to camp out in our yard the evening of her party, which was last night. Since she didn't have a sleeping bag, I decided to get her one! I chose this one because she loves pink and I thought the moose pattern was really cute. (She loved it!)		She slept in the sleeping bag last night and she told me that it was really warm and comfortable. Granted, it was pretty warm and humid last night (and it rained) but she said she didn't get too hot in it. The zipper is easy to zip and unzip and the material inside the bag is very soft. She's about four and a half feet tall and this bag is big enough to last her for a few years as long as she takes care of it.		We're both really happy with this sleeping bag and I'd definitely buy it again!
0,Day and night pictures are some of the best on the market. Video quality still grainy compare to other cameras by far cuddeback best camera yet.
0,great to have and a great gift
0,Installed very quickly and with good instructions, wrench was flimsy, so recommend using your own real tools if you have them.  I feel lucky that my machine does not have any of the quality defects I seen in other posts (clicking every rotation or brakes squealing).  I like how overall adjustable it is, I can use it as well as my 17, 14 and 12 year old (we range from 6'-1" to just over 5').  We used to have a standard exercise bike, my kids like how this bike feels and they exercise with more enthusiasm because they can stand, sit, lean...  it feels more like a real bike, plus when they lean over they pretend they are racing like on TV.  I am an avid Amazon purchaser, so if this product starts to fall apart, I will amend my post, but so far, so GREAT!!!!
0,If you have to or want to remove or change your fore end then you need this tool. There are many available for this job, but this one is like the one my gunsmith uses. It's long enough to get to the castle nut without having to remove your whole pump action asssembly and bolt.	It's made of extemely strong cnc machined billet aluminum, and has served me well. If you need a tool for this purpose, i highly recommend this one. I have used this tool several times and it has worked like a charm.
0,As carabiner, it's pretty good. The spring is a bit stiff, but that also means it never randomly catches on things.  It's not easy to undo one-handed.	The bottle opener is very strong, beating most bottlecaps into submission.	It also serves side duty as a pry-bar in a pinch. The carabiner itself was unmarred and unbent by using it to pry the cap off a few sternos.	Haven't yet tried to use it to hold bits - that's where my keyring sits at the moment.
0,I have about 800 Rounds of .223 /5.56. The container is made well and does not bow out when picked up. Plan to buy more very soon!!
0,Great product, great price.
0,I just used this for the first time this past weekend in the mountains. It's light, and I am not. At a husky 250 lbs, it kept me off the ground just fine, was wide enough to fit all my gloriousness on, and it didn't slip around too much. I was sleeping on an incline, but it only moved because I tend to do all of my exercise while I sleep.. great purchase!!		Note: no one gave me anything free for this review, but it would be cool if they did... just sayin.....
0,An absolutely awesome cooking system. Fast, fast, fast! Our initial use for the system will be to boil water for single serve instant coffee packets and to re-hydrate freeze dried food which will keep us and perhaps others happy while camping with the scouts.		Here's a common sense but helpful hint for someone using the Jetboil system for the first time - a no-brainer for anyone who has already cooked with this system:		- If you're just boiling water to pour into another vessel or coffee cup for example, go ahead and fully snap the lid on before beginning your boil. You can conveniently pour through the sipping hole.	- If you're boiling water for the purpose of adding food to the pot such as ramen for example, either lay the lid loosely on top or leave it off altogether.		Why? Because once you snap the lid all the way on and the contents come to a boil you'll burn your fingers trying to get it off unless you use a hot pad or other insulating material.		Highly recommended.
0,Works as advertised.
0,Great lock.
0,Most everything that can be said about this knife has already be stated. It is a big 'un. I don't think most would view it as an EDC blade, but on a camping trip or in kitchen prep duties, this is a hard working, durable, edged tool. As for the complaints about the unique closing of the blade being dangerous, if the simple written instructions that accompany the knife are read and followed, there should be no problem. Regardless of some of the 'torture test' videos about this knife, if treated with just a little care, it'll probably outlast its user. This is not meant to be a quick deploying 'weapon'. It is an edged tool. It is priced very realistically for what it is. And I expect it will give many years of service. Highly recommended.
0,I don't belong to Costco or BJs so I have to get my beach chairs from other sources - eBay or Amazon.  I own 6 Tommy Bahama chairs, purchased over the years.  My most recent purchase was 2 of these from seller IME LLC through Amazon.  We used to own RIO brand aluminum backpack chairs, but I honestly prefer the Tommy Bahama chairs - they're prettier.  The pillow headrest is great; just make sure to stash them away in the zippered pouch on the back of the chair when you're done.  In the past we've lost a pillow when it fell off the chair - my husband was dragging the beach cart and didn't notice when the pillow fell off.  I love the backpack feature - I'm trying to get my husband to ditch the beach cart and have everyone carry their own beach chair, but my family is resisting.  I'm very petite (4'11") and I am able to carry this without a problem - because the chair is aluminum, it's not heavy.  I read a review that talked about their chairs being the "cheap" version of the Tommy Bahama chair sold through Costco.  I don't know anything about that.  I do know that my 4 older chairs have held up well for several years - I bought them 2 at a time from different sellers on Amazon, maybe a year apart.  With my most recent purchase of 2 more chairs, I own 6.  They all seem the same to me.  I've already used the 2 new chairs, and they've been fine.
0,Cool Lantern.  Super bright and compact.  Easy to use.
0,Amazing little tool. Tiny, light, great for biking and keeping in your pouch in case of minor fixes and adjustments (which  you WILL make).
0,good crimps
0,Really cute!
0,Works as advertised!
0,This bag is big enough for me to carry my pump, tubes, cel phone, snacks, etc. it is not too big and not too small. Very good quality. I recommend it.
0,For the price this is a great workout set. I've done P90X and numerous other workout vids. They keep the exercises mixed up. The workouts are about 20-30 minutes which is perfect for me. You work up a sweat in a short amount of time. I did P90X again just to mix it up a bit and it took me about 30 minutes to start sweating. Don't get me wrong, P90X is a great workout set too, but I find that I enjoy Supreme 90 much more. Plus there's hot chicks in the videos. You can't go wrong getting this workout set. Stick with it and eat right. You'll see results.
0,this knife is great. it's small enough for edc. it arrived very sharp and has held its' edge quite well. the scales are very nice looking and are securely attached as I demonstrated after "calibrating" it ala survival on purpose. the only complaint  I have is that the upper right corner should have been radiused as it does create a hot spot after using for a very short time. I have an elk ridge er-107 which is about the same size and its' scales are rounded. I would recommend this Perkin knife.
0,People might give you guff for looking funny but these are the most comfortable thing I have ever worn. It is a little weird getting used to them but I would consider switching over to toe socks exclusively after wearing this.		Durability: have owned them for over a year and they are holding up just fine
0,I decided to try Wilson's belt. It does its job. I went for this for the metal pin actually. Those plastic ones are no-no from now on.		So far i've used it for a few months and holding on.
0,Absolutely great poles. Couldn't ask for better, light, compact, strong.
0,It's blaze orange, has a cool tribal deer skull on the front, and should keep me from being mistaken for a deer or elk.  The cap is a little tall so if you like baseball caps that fit close to your skull this isn't it.
0,I think it gives you a lot of value to know where the true center of gravity is. Great to align off the tee, helps your alignment and aim a lot, and great to line up your putt. Without any scientific explanation, I think the ball rolls straighter when aligned from the mark from this device. For $30, why not? You will spend at least $10 on a plastic device to mark your ball, spend the extra $20 and get this.		I have seen videos where they use the "check for go pro", then drop the ball in the water, and it does not float with the line up--who cares! This device finds the center of gravity by simulating the high spin rate of a golf shot which is what happens on the course.
0,I have two of these scopes and so far they work great.  I have only taken them to the range at this point.  Can't wait to really test them during the next deer season.
0,I've only worn the jersey a couple of times since spring started, but no problems so far. To date, my Pearl Izumi clothes purchases haven't been disappointing, and am very pleased with their products that I own. I look forward to adding to my cycling wardrobe as the weather warms up!
0,perfect
0,Also fits my Shimano XT 11 speed chains, no problems.
0,Great for batting as it gives a better feel than a woofle ball.
0,No nonesense, no frills gun bag. Basic black, no pockets, and a good zipper. The outside material along with the internal padding provide your gun adequate protection from scratches and contamination. Bag can be cleaned with a stiff bristol brush if you happen to get it a little dirty when in the field. I purchased a 44 inch case to protect a Marlin 882 with scope which measured approximately 42 inches long, perfect fit. Recommended.
0,Its better then ABEC bearings, and you'll notice a speed increase right away. Just learn how to clean them right because all the dirt accumulates and slows it down if you don't keep up with maintenance.
0,Great product arrived very quickly
0,Very well made so far.  My brother has a HHA that cost twice the money and they are very close from what I can tell so far.
0,This is a well thought out and designed tool. It is sturdy, and tough. Only gave four stars due to the price. I paid $21. Should be priced around the $10-$15 range, but I will still be purchasing more as this is a very useful tool.
0,Nice sized adjustable seat pack. Quality appears good.
0,A+
0,Perfect for my limited pier fishing gear.
0,Excellent product, well made, and would recommend to anyone
0,Great piece of workout gear.
0,My Husband is not a small guy and uses this on his daily walks. I dont' know how long it will last but its going strong so far and he feel confident while having it on his walks.  For the price you can't really beat it.  will definitely update as to how long is actually works. ;-)
0,love the wool
0,Pretty simple - they do what they say they'll do.  Very light weight.  Whistle takes a little practice (can't blow too hard or too soft, and seems like you have to hold it just right) but can make a piercing whistle when you get the hang of it.
0,Fairly easy install and very comfy. The colors are vibrant and seem to be maintaining despite sun and rain exposure. The pillow is also very cool. This hammock was purchased for a 6'4" 270 lbs man and it fits him perfectly. So much so that I cannot get him out of it!
0,Great light. Lousy mount. Be sure to use the included lanyard as a back-up safety strap and wrap it around your handlebars. Light is awesome, lights up the night on my daily after dark commutes. Con: light falls out of bracket on to pavement. Pro: light still works after 2 drops on one commute. Tough little thing. Use the lanyard and allow extra time on your trips to position the light back in the bracket...
0,A must-have for inflating air mattresses while camping! Works wonderfully even without the attachments, which I promptly lost. I just put the pump against the valve and it inflates just fine without them.
0,This armguard is inexpensive, lightweight, allows good ventilation, and is easy to put on / take off. Everyone in my house has one of these, and we like them a lot. The adjustable elastic straps will allow it to fit even the skinniest of forearms. The only downside I could see is that if the rest of your gear is very traditional - wood, leather, and horn, as mine is - it may not fit in. But for a beginner on a budget who just needs to keep their forearms free of huge purple bruises, this is just the thing.
0,Easy installation with WD40.  Provides much more grip over the Ektelon Vision II grips I was previously using.  I think a lot of preference for this grip depends on the gloves you use.  I previously used Head web gloves and didn't like this grip (glove was more of a fabric than synthetic leather).  The Bionic gloves I use now work perfectly with this grip.
0,I really like this oil, I like the can with the straw. It makes it easy to get into tight areas. All of my rifles and pistols run nice and smooth with this product. It keeps my carry pistol protected very nicely also.
0,Cleaned mildew off of seats effortlessly. Product does have bleach in it which accidently cost me a sweatshirt..... Probably would be hard on stitching if used regularly but excellent when a deep clean is needed
0,DH is really happy!
0,Great knife. We use it to cut rubber gaskets. It is very, very sharp. My only complaint is the little tab you use to close the knife is on the same side as the blade. It is not dangerous if you are careful. It came with a nice little case and extra blades. It fits well in my hand and seems to be strong. The blades are a little tricky to replace. We use a pair of pliers. Removing it by hand would be dangerous because the blades are really, really, really sharp.
0,Update- 7/24/13- this cooler is still working great and I still recommend it. I do not overstuff it but do fill it and I have had no problem with leaks. I do mainly use ice packs with it along with some loose ice and have had no leaks.		-------------------------------------------	Original review--		I absolutely LOVE this cooler. I live in a tiny Manhattan apartment with little room to store a full sized cooler. Yet, I like to take day trips with my family so a cooler is necessary to pack snacks and drinks. I had never heard of a cooler that folded flat when not in use before I came across this cooler. For that reason alone, I bought it right away and it has been perfect for our needs. Here are 5 reasons why:		1) Folds flat for storage- I mentioned this above but I will explain how it folds. It folds accordion style with the center part of the cooler collapsing down. You then fasten it closed with velcro straps. It takes only a second to fold it closed. Once is flat, it is no thicker than a messenger bag and you can easily store it.		2) Keeps food and drinks very cold- Once the cooler is sealed shut it keeps the contents inside of it very cold. So, you can enjoy refreshingly cool beverages all day long. In fact, ice packs placed in the cooler with drinks and snacks has lasted us all day in the cooler, and stay cold.		3) Holds a lot- we pack a full lunch, snacks, and a lot of beverages for our family of four. I have not tried to stuff it with 50 cans and imagine that though it claims that it holds 50 cans that might cause it to leak or tear, so please keep that in mind as 50 cans would be very heavy to hold and carry in this type of cooler.		4) Great design/you can use the top of the cooler as a small tabletop- You can set your soda or sandwich on top of this cooler, on the hard plastic top part on the lid. The plastic part on the cooler has a rim around it so that your food and drinks won't slip off. This tabletop feature is perfect for places like the beach where you have no where to set your drink without fearing it will knock over if you leave it sitting in the sand. Also the handles are very sturdy and have not come apart despite months of loading heavy items in it for our day trips.		5) Easy clean up- the inside of the cooler has a plastic lining that wipes clean easily with a cloth or paper towel. Clean up with this cooler is quick and easy.		So, overall, this is such a great cooler. Its fold flat design with the table top lid, easy clean up and large capacity make it an awesome cooler to own. It is definitely 5 star worthy!
0,Only for car camping (not lightweight), but will penetrate most ground surface and give you a secure footing.  The plastic has held up pretty good, but have no idea when it comes to several years.  Still, does the job and has nice holes for my parachute cord when tying down the fly lines.
0,This product exceeded my expectations and the fact that the needle point is so small you hardly ever put too much grease on the slide rails . I ordered 3 and keep one in my range bag , one on the cleaning table  , and the last one I gave to a close friend . will reorder as necessary
0,Love these targets it's awesome
0,Prior to ordering this seat I was using a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Bell-Classic-Bicycle-Child-Carrier/dp/B000ISXSSA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Bell Classic Bicycle Child Carrier</a>&nbsp;which my 17 month and I both hated. He didn't seem comfortable in it and with my seat positioned at a comfortable height the "handle bar" landed just above my seat level. Of course my son wanted his hands on it so I had to always be aware and make sure I wasn't sitting too far back on my seat where I could pinch his fingers. It just wasn't working out for us so I was happy to give the Peg Perego Eggy a try.		My husband installed this seat for me on my Trek Verve II bicycle. He said the instructions were a bit foggy but in unboxing and looking over all of the parts figuring out installation was pretty straight forward. Things I love about this seat:		-Foot rests: The foot rests have two great features: they have straps for securing your little one's foot in place, and they are height adjustable for a comfortable fit.		-Front to back adjustment: If you don't want the seat all up in your space it doesn't have to be. This seat adjusts back far enough to where rider and passenger have plenty of space to ride in comfort.		-Adjustable harness with multiple belt paths: I felt like I was able to get a secure fit in the harness for my 17 month old. Honestly I think this harness could benefit from a car seat style chest clip but for casual riding I'm confident that my son is secure in the seat.		- Seat shape: My son seems extremely comfortable in this seat. I'm able to adjust the foot rests so his feet have enough pressure on them so he feels grounded and secure yet his legs aren't bent in an uncomfortable way. The seat is appropriately named "eggy" as its shape is very reminiscent of an egg. The bucket style seat cradles my little guy well and the padding is thin but adequate. I was worried about the high back being an issue with his helmet but the shape works just fine with it. My son had never once fallen asleep in our old Bell seat and he was out on the first ride in this one.		I really have no major gripes about this seat. Minor as it is, it looks really sharp on my bike (versus the eyesore that was our old Bell seat). All in all a great product!
0,Condor makes some great knives, this is a heavy duty piece of steel, it came with a very sharp edge.  It is long enough and heavy enough to baton some fairly large pieces of wood if you don't have an axe handy.  It is a pretty fair chopper too.
0,Best groove cleaner and repair tool I have every seen
0,This scope is pretty good for what I paid for.
0,Fully adjustable for tension/retention, can be worn IWB or OWB.  I wear 2 of them IWB at 8 o'clock.  No sharp edges or poking.  Easy on and off with the clip which is very firm on my 1.5" belt.  Didn't know anything about this particular product so bought 1, tested it, then got a second unit.  Thought about getting a 2 mag holster for my mags but they tend to be rather wide and these 2 single units seem to ride next to each other nicely.  In regards to bullets pointing forward or backward in pouch, it's the same either way.  Note, if you look at the photo of the clip side, the mag baseplate will rest on the top portion of the mag pouch, this prevents the top of your mag from being crushed into the bottom of the pouch. Your cartridge and magazine lips never touch the bottom of the pouch. Final note, the bottom and side with the tension screws is open, allowing debris to fall clear of the pouch.
0,I bought 2 of these and put them on my kayak. For the money you spend, not alot, its worth it.
0,Simple dumbbells done quite right.  Nice, clean rubber coating over evenly weighted bars.  A nice addition to fill in the gap between my sets of dumbbells.  Quite nice to have such good quality at a "basic" price.
0,Excellent review of "how to reload," and it is a valuable resource for load data. It is a treasure trove of useful information. Highly recommded.
0,Light custom fits perfectly on my Topeak rack. Easy install, steady light or flash setting. Bright and battery lasts long.
0,HIGHLY RECOMMEND. MANY THANKS.
0,Arrived as scheduled and works very well.
0,Haven't fallen from my stand so I don't know how that part works, but, it is easy to use and put on the tree.
0,Great fit and stability for my wrists, high quality and well made.
0,I have a 1 year old pit bull who loves to play with tennis balls. Needed some that were cheap and easy as he will destroy anything. These have lasted fairly well over time and he loves to play with them. Also, these balls will fit within the standard Chuck-It ball thrower, so no need to buy their branded balls at higher cost for no reason.
0,Very sturdy.
0,Great replacement for the Ice Cube that finally bit the dust.
0,It's really the best option I have used thus far but just hurts coughing up the near 100 bucks. I'd have already bought a stash of these and another (third) bow if these cost less, but that price just hurts to pocket book for saving up.		Pros - just works better than the other things I've used or seen people use or used myself.		Con, not cons, just singular - price. I used a pawn shop bow with front string loop/holder for years because of cost looking at this. Finally hit enough fish and go out enough I saved and coughed up for this thing. I can't 'not' (double negative) recommend if you have the bucks for this plus arrows, plus bow, plus other stuff, but it adds up fast.		Save up. Nothing else compares that I've seen or used before.
0,Thanks
0,This is another great item from 5.11!  I use it every day for the office and on the weekends at the range. It is also good to transport my laptop. Definitely recommend to anyone.
0,great training wraps
0,Great addition to our home gym
0,Perfect !
0,Works as advertised. Easy to install. I use slime in every thing else I have, so was nice to see it pre installed in the tube.
0,Super easy and quick to install.  With the reflex sight I put on it, it gives my shotgun a little of a tactical look, plus it just works.
0,Like them so much I now have  then on all four of my bikes!
0,Straight flat shooting a good quality arrow
0,Best Style of belt I've owned.  With cargo shorts loaded with several pounds of equipment, the belt keeps the shorts in place all day. Never happened before.
0,Perfect little pocket knife.  It doesn't come sharp but does sharpen well.
0,A must have to clean and lube your devices. Works well and penetrates well.
0,Top quality board
0,great pistol targets, high visibility and even greater at 50 and 100 yards once you get your sights on paper
0,Bright, easy to mount....PERFECT!!!
0,Enhances ambient sound but reduces the bang.  For outdoor shooting these work great.  I used them for a handgun training class and they reduced the blast from the guns all around me, but I could clearly hear the instructors' commands.  It doesn't eliminate the gun noise, but mutes it down to safe levels.  I like that there is a headphone jack so I can connect my smartphone and hear the commands of my shooting practice app inside the headphone.		Indoor range shooting I wish for a bit more muting, and when I have a rifle or shotgun in the stall next to me these aren't enough - I have to use foamies in addition.  But they are a good entry level electronic ear with the usual drawbacks: ears get sweaty, and they press the arm of my shooting glasses into my head.
0,I really like it!
0,Good quality, great design. Just a little long...
0,Heavy duty, 2014 model, cushioned treadmill,would buy again, can increase speed in +- increments. Have had a Proform before this one. Lasted 10 years! Treadmill is heavy so you may want to have Amazon schedule assembly for you.  But due to the weight, it is stout and sturdy!
0,These are a must-have for hot summer days or long rides in the sun. they'll save you from the sun burns and they are actually cool. I know! Amazing isn't it???
0,Great
0,Bright armbands.  I wished the Velcro strap attached toward the outside as it's somewhat awkward to tighten it up toward the side that faces the arm/ankle.  Works great though and the blue color is a nice contrast to the usual red or yellow.
0,Excellent product for half the price!!!! Easy assembly  it took 10 minutes. Mounted it on the boat it looks great . definitely worth the money. other tops were twice as much !! Material is what suprized me , thought at this price it would be thin sail cloth material but it is quality material !! I will be buying two more for my other boats. Don't hesitate . for the price you can't go wrong !!
0,This fits well, has good padding, and straps on securely. My Smith & Wesson M&P 40C fits snugly in the holster and draws easily. The magazine holder on the front is very tight for my mags, but they can fit barely. This is comfortable to wear and detaches easily from the legs and belt strap with high quality buckles.
0,I built a stand out of wood for this to move to different yardage. I shot it at 100 and 200 yards so far. It did make a little dimple in the gong where the .243 hit. I haven't tried a bigger gun. When the bullet hits it it makes a cloud of dust. Lots of fun.		Tip: paint the gong white and then shoot at the gong. It will be easy to see where you hit.
0,Used these in my classroom. They can be used for  variety of purposes - games, sorting , Bingo, counting, attributes, etc.
0,Got this to display a signed football at a charity auction.  Was a perfect way to show off the ball without covering anything important.  Definitely recommend as a way to show of your fancy football.
0,So much better than the Franklin separator for separating stainless pin media.  The Franklin requires putting about 4 gallons into a bucket and clamping on rickety holders and splash shields onto the rim of the bucket.  I found the "ore locks" to move around and even snap off.  The splash shields are barely adequate on the Franklin.  The RCBS is much better designed.  It takes less water and work and isn't a big mess.
0,The wheels that came on my skates when I bought they were chewed up by the asphalt in days. I've been using these wheels 2-3 times a week for 3 months and haven't had to rotate or replace them. I use them on both asphalt and sport court and they have held up fantastically. If you're considering them they are very much worth the money.
0,Previously I owned cheap inflatable pads which did not work very well. I felt this was expensive, but, I wanted something that packed up smaller. This has worked very well and I haven't thought about getting anything else. It's lasted also and I haven't had any leaks, although I do carry a repair kit just in case. Noise has turned out not to be an issue. I've used it below freezing in a shelter in the White Mountains, but, not on top of snow. It was plenty warm for the wood floor I was on.
0,Fits great with smith and Wesson bodyguard 380. Nice hard leather makes it feel like it could hold up	For a long while .
0,These are intended for you to be visible at night, and they do so. They are not intended as a headlamp, or represented as such.
0,My wife loves this water bottle. Its durability looks promising.
0,These fit somewhat small, and the color is a little inconsistent where the tights are not pulled evenly.  The color ranges from opaque to sheer depending on how loose/tight they are.  These were just purchased for a craft, so they worked quite well for that purpose.
0,This was just right for what we needed. Set up was easy and it seems to be very safe. I definitely recommend getting the stakes along with it. We live in an area where we get a fair amount of wind but also every time you jump on it, it will want to move a little, if it is staked down you'll be completely fine.
0,Great for the money. Comfortable and seem to do a pretty good job protecting my hands for moderate to hard striking. I mainly train with a BOB and prefer these to my leather gloves.		I certainly would buy them again.
0,Bright color, right size... So useful, just get one.
0,Using this on my e-bike and has helped smoothed out the ride
0,I got this for my husband for father's day. He loves it. It hold everything he needs for a trip to the range and is very well constructed. It also is lockable! He was able to get some luggage locks and now it is an additional way to secure ammo and weapons when needed!
0,WOW!  These shirts are pretty nice looking.  They look a whole lot nicer in person.  I purchased the blue and pink color of DOBBIE PLAID and the color is a lot more richer and nicer looking than on the description page which makes them look faded and dull.  Anyway, they fit fantastic and make you look cute and shapely and can be worn as casual or on the dressier side depending on what you wear with these.  These would perfect for traveling because they have hidden pockets on the front and an interior pocket on the side and since its good for SPF-50, these shirts will work great for site-seeing in the sun. If I didn't already have a boat load of Columbia shirts I would buy a few more, but I own at least 25 now :D		If you're debating about purchasing one of these, you won't be dissapointed at all.  I think the silver ridge style is the best one Columbia designs for casual/semi-casual and above.		And as the other reviewers have stated, these run small so buy one size up.  I wear 12-14 (large) and purchased this shirt in X-Large and it fits without being tight at all (but not baggy).		Also, make sure you READ the care instructions as one of the reviewers indicated that these shirts can't be ironed, but on my tag it authorizes ironing with no problem "on low".  I know columbia does make some shirts that can not be iron, so always read your tag instructions.  Good Luck!
0,Nice bag can't go wrong for the price
0,Works fine.  Keep the bugs away!
0,I needed a stopwatch for timing my daily jogs. This is a very functional and well designed watch. It fits very comfortably on the wrist and has a very low profile. I hardly even know it's there. Everything is designed for a runner. All controls you need while you're running are the yellow button on the dial and when you're finished, the stop button on the side. It stores two time zones so I have the 24 hour format displayed and when I press the yellow button momentarily I can view the 12 hour format or set it for any timezone I prefer. The band is made of a material that is very comfortable and stays put on your wrist. The end is held tight by a band keeper that locks in to the band. While shopping I saw this same watch on sale at another retailer for $80 so it's a great buy at this price.
0,Not one to over-hype something, but in this case every review you will read about this product is 100% accurate.		I purchased the Prolight 4 because I will e deploying next year and I want to have something comfortable and light to take with me. I got the large size because you can always use more sleeping room than less. I saw the portion of the description about this pad providing heat back to the sleeper. I figured this was a gimmick and didn't pay any attention to it.		Let me tell you, this mat warms you up the moment your body touches it. It is literally amazing. I tested it out the first day I got it, laid it out and got on top. The first thing I noticed was the warming sensation as my body heat was reflected back at me. The next thing I noticed was that the floor could not be felt through the pad. I turned on my side, on my stomach, every which way and I COULD NOT force myself to find the hard surface of the floor beneath the pad. This thing is less than an inch thick, so the level of comfort it provides is truly astounding.		What really got me though was that my test was only supposed to be cursory, yet I was so comfortable that I actually fell asleep after five minutes. I woke up the next morning and realized I had slept through the night on this pad, tossing and turning, and not once did I realize I wasn't on my bed. I have NEVER had that happen with a sleeping mat.		I wish Amazon had a hiher rating than 5 stars. I am going to buy another one of these just in case, but based on the level of craftsmanship I know this one is going to last me decades.		I am hooked. Thermarest now has at least one more die hard fan. I am so glad to find there are companies still out there who put the effort into making a product exceed the expectations of the consumers. This was one hell of  great buy!
0,Love them.  Cool & comfortable.  Like adding another layer of skin.
0,I do not have a trailer awning, but I thought it may work on my outdoor umbrellas. It didn't do anything for them, but I also have a Coolaroo sun sail, made of a nylon like material, and when I cleaned it using this awning cleaner, it did do a good job of removing the black bird poop residue that accumulated over the summer. It didn't get it all out, but certainly enough so that it looks good to the eye and makes it ready for another season of use.
0,This bag is amazing. Well made, sturdy, and lots of room for morale patches! Highly reccomend this to anyone who hits the range often!
0,My only complaint, they do run a little big in the leg area, but they feel very comfortable and durable. Good fabric, medium weight. I usually get Asics or Brooks shorts, but these are near the same level of quality, just a bit heavier - and a fair price.
0,I have now owned Heavy grips and Captains of Crush grips and I can say without a doubt that the CoC grips are hands down the very best.
0,Perfect fit for my super long torso.
0,I have large hands and these are a good fit for me. They come in three different resistances and are very easy to use. They have worked well for me after hand surgery. I recommend them to anyone who needs to work their hands to get them back in shape.
0,It was a very good product
0,I love this shirt! I ordered a small since I am 5'3" and 116 lbs and it fit as expected. I love that there's room to move, while still looking pretty, not frumpy.  I have received many compliments on it when I wore it out to run errands. I have the lilac, but I can see how the white would be see through as the material is slightly thin. Still, a great purchase!
0,a perfect fit
0,For the price it works pretty well. I have some minor issues with large primers flipping when going into the tube but with a finagling you can get it to work right
0,My 6th grader and 8th grader LOVE this Frisbee; as do their cousins (all boys).  They said it works great.  Better than any regular Frisbee that we've had.
0,was as described
0,I've been using the 20 pound and 15 pound red label for several years and it is hard to beat for the price. I use it for bass fishing and it's very strong line and super sensitive.		I add backing and can spool up a couple reels with 175yds. I always use real magic when spooling and pull the memory out of the line. After doing that this stuff casts and handles like a dream.
0,This is my second Outdoor Research  hat. Great quality looks great	gives lots of protection to my neck while on the river	But It needs a wire in the brim when it gets wet it get a little floppy
0,Very solid dropper post.  I put 50+ miles on it riding through some technical downhill and drops.  The post never failed me.  There is no play or sag when fully extended and switch works flawlessly every time it's pressed.  Some people complained about the actual switch being flimsy and hard to mount on handlebar.  I agree that its design could be better and after playing with it for an hour while trying various positions I ended mounting it between the right grip and brake lever.  Take a look at the pictures of what my set up looks like.  Overall, I am very satisfied with this dropper bar and my riding definitely improved with it..
0,This is a great, compact red dot.  It is essentially a very reasonably priced take on an Aimpoint Micro T-1.  For my purposes, however (range plinking), I just can't personally justify spending $700 on a red dot.		I have this mounted on a Walther/HK MP5 in .22lr.  The windage and elevation controls work very nicely - they are very positive.  The controls on the top control brightness, and there are a wide variety of brightness settings.  I have never had any problem seeing the dot, even in bright sunlight on a a bright white reflective target.		I have mild astigmatism, and find that the dot is more of a star when the brightness is turned up too high.  However, if I turn it down low enough, it becomes a very tiny, precise dot that is very clearly visible and works great for me.		The base is removable if you would like to put it on a riser, which I did.  I put it on the Primary Arms 1.5" riser, which is hollow in the middle, and allows me to look through the gap and use iron sights, or adjust my cheek weld a little higher to look through the red dot, unobstructed.  Awesome!		As a final note, Primary Arms is a fantastic company.  I have been doing business with them for years, and the owner, Marshall, represents in what my opinion is the epitome of customer service.  I would confidently recommend any of their products -- if you are not satisfied for any reason, they will make it right.
0,This holster fits my Diamondback DB9 perfectly.  When in the pocket, it doesn't "print" like a pistol in your pocket.  Quality construction at a great price!
0,got here quick. was as advertised. nice classic looking quill stem. fit well. would like it better if the logos weren't on the sides too but other than that its great.
0,Very durable tires, I buy these whenever I need to replace them. Great for racing and training. I tend to ride in some heavily traveled roads so I need some tires that are durable and won't be destroyed if I ride over a piece of glass (which unfortunately my roads are littered with) and these hold up pretty well against all the things my roads throw at my tires
0,Great value!
0,Using with a small cooker kit, nice and lighweight and works without fuss and doesn't leak either
0,I'm trying to get started reloading and had a set of 38/357 dies but I didn't really understand the instructions I've read about greasing shells for sizing so they don't stick and then degreasing the shells afterward.  I decided to just skip that step and get a carbide die.  I've run a lot of shells through this die and have had none stick so I'm glad I made the choice I did.
0,High quality. Really nice. We'll see if the mat holds up. Had my last mat for over 10 years. I like this one better because the handle comes off and the elastic makes it easy to put back on. No Velcro straps hanging off it. Nice and soft. Pleased so far. Used it 10 times before reviewing.
0,Perfect
0,Great pump but the gauge is off by about 10 PSI. Has good volume of air per pump
0,like em
0,Absolutely stellar scope. Great magnification and killer optics. Very durable and tough. Solid feel and easy to use. The turrets and super smooth, easy to use, and the reset feature is great. One downside is at 20x the eye hole is small. So it can be hard to get a sight picture but that's the same with any scope regardless of brand. So make sure you need 20x before you buy it. You can get away pretty easilly with 16x if you are shooting out to 1000 and that may more usable day to day. But still an incredible scope
0,could not have worked any better
0,well worth it, arrived fast
0,perfect
0,good stuff
0,Super cool product, fast shipment to.
0,I've used it, but as of yet the only purpose I've seen that it really serves is to slow down the rate of burn if you wish to, but once the ash tray has filled up, you're done until you can dump it out vs. not having it in and just keep burning.  Embers can still fall out through the three corners it doesn't reach into once assembled.
0,I ordered this singlet for my first powerlifting competition. I was concerned about coverage as I'm fairly tall. At 5'8" and 123#, the small fits quite well. The legs hit at mid-thigh and the scoop neck comes just about 1" below my collarbone.		Thankfully standard competition rules allow you to wear undergarments as the material is a bit thinner than I'd originally imagined, but not see-through in any way. With a sports bra and weight-lifting briefs underneath, I feel quite secure that no one can see anything other than my wicked guns and gams. ;)		The black isn't shiny like other singlets, which I prefer as shinier fabrics tend to show each bump and line. It's light-weight and moves with you. The leg openings have a rubber/elastic lining inside so they don't slide up when you squat or deadlift. As far as inexpensive women's singlets go, this one's the best for your money and leaves you feeling covered and secure.
0,Order at least a size larger!
0,We use an array of objects at our gym for rolling out soft tissue.	I bought these and baseball-sized balls as well.	These work great: they don't slip out from under you no matter the surface, they grip your skin/clothes as well.	The size is good for hitting the traps and larger areas. I've used them on my feet with good results as well.	Of course you might use them in a pitching machine with even better, more predictable results.
0,I installed (4) of these on my 23" Yamaha.  They work great and make attaching the fenders a simple job that even a child can do.  Mine are now three years old and I have had no issues whatsoever.  There is a nut on the backside so you cannot keep turning them counter clockwise.  Simply turn them back clockwise and you will never, ever have an issue.  I have had many compliments on them and recommended them to several other boaters.
0,Great
0,The waist is comfortable. buy
0,As with all Franklin Arsenal products, these are well made and the casings fit snug in the holes.  Also they stack.
0,This ended up working for me even though it's not significantly longer than my standard skewer was.		I needed to add a kids trailer mount to the rear of my hybrid Trek bike, but it already had a skewer that was just barely long enough for the frame and 8 gear rings. I bought this hoping it would be 10mm longer than the stock one but it was only about 5. It does seem secure at the moment so I think it will work.		Approximate width I needed was 155-160mm total. Locked length, measured from the inside of the lever side, down to the end of the threads is 166mm.		The captive lever mechanism itself seems solid.		The only minus I've seen so far, other than not quite having the extra length I was hoping for, is that the springs are not captive to the end pieces. They can move freely along the bar which isn't a problem once attached it's just a bit less convenient during assembly. However, this might allow it a few extra threads to secure it in place so this could be a positive.
0,Basic design. Does the job. Used. 4.times. no rips or wear yet. Holds my 2 skis and 2 poles no problem!
0,Great
0,This is one of the best soakers out there and long-lasting.
0,Works fine!!!  Grfeat price!!
0,Actually got for an student studying art because they were always going out on different locations for class.  Worked out great cuz it was portable and allowed from facing or back facing seating while drawing or painting on the road
0,nice belt. works very well with the thigh holster that i bought with it. belt is thick and probably will not fit through normal belt loops. but i just put it over the loops and snug it up. works fine that way when I'm in the desert roaming around.
0,Looks really good, but the seat is small if you sit back in it. Just fits me, and I'm a size 8 backside. Was easy for this 74 year old lady to put together, but take your time. I whizzed through it, and had to take it apart, as I had the foot rest on the back:}
0,I ordered this because my husband has a similar sleeve made by another company with is no longer available.  I like mi sleeve a little better because of the handle's in addition to the long strap to hang over your body or shoulder.  The pocket on the front is large enough for idea, a couple credit cards & ID and possibly some money and keys as well.  Overall it appears to be a great product.  I will be using it with my hydroflask.  I have NOT used it yet, but feel confident it will meet my needs.  Product appears to be very well made by this manufacturer.
0,My mother lives in housing that does not allow smoking so she has to go outside to smoke.  In Maine that is not always a fun thing to do.  Thought of getting her this and she loves it and is the envy of the building (amongst smokers anyway).
0,Great item!
0,Nice quality mug, logo on both sides, quality finish and nice capacity. I see myself drinking many cups o' joe outta this bad boy in the future!		*Update - I've now had this mug for a little over two years and I've drank gallons upon gallons of coffee and tea from this mug. It's been through the dishwasher hundreds of times. No signs of wear or tear. Long lasting quality here!
0,Amazing bottle iv had it for 1-2 weeks now using it everyday and i have 0 complaints  i kinda wish i got a bigger version but i drink a lot daily XD
0,Great bag! you can pack a ton in this thing. best bang for your buck by far.
0,satisfied
0,I bought 3 pairs. Great short.  Nice pockets.  Front button always falls off. So, sew it back on.
0,Great price, good product. I just wish there was an adapter for the intake valve so you could use different pumps on it.
0,Great fit. I'm 6'3 around 200lbs. I chose the large pants, and they fit great. Nice clean look. Only thing I might look for in a future pair are some zippers for the pockets as these are very smooth and things can easily slide out.
0,Fits a streamlight stinger very well
0,Great product. Definitely helps with recoil. I used over existing recoil pad of gun. I wish the manufacturer allowed more material on the sides to enable the pad to extend higher on the stock.
0,It's good as a waterproof case, but I would not call it "micro" anything. This is not a small wallet. In fact I don't use it as a wallet in all honesty, my phone's got enough bulk to carry around. In fact I was looking for a good phone case with a lid and wallet combo all in one. Something like Armor King mixed with Vault Slim wallet. I like pretty much all of Pelican's stuff but if they're looking to expand their inventory into wallet sized cases, I think the phone/wallet combo is the way to go with their style of products.
0,Love this brand. Fits well and arrives fast.
0,I've shot it with 300+ rounds of .223 & 5.56 at 75-150 yrds and 9mm & .40 cal at 10-25 yrds... it properly flips with every well placed shot and holds up well... except when its in muddy ground...		Construction deserves 5 stars. Due to its design, the bullet ricochets up and away instead of down to the ground. This isn't a deal breaker for me, but is something you should consider before each use. Thats why I gave 4.
0,Great fit and very convenient to be able to access your phone without fumbling too much.
0,PRETTY NICE
0,Outstanding. I would buy this item again if needed. It fits just right with no problems at all. Buy It.
0,Great quality for your money. Best compression out there. Might sound pricy but is worth it.
0,Best light weight compression socks ever, easy to get on comfortable for all day use..
0,What a great thing to be able to do! Clean your down and then make it extremely water resistant! and to be able to buy the pack of two for a discount makes it even nicer.
0,Seems like it would keep my teeth from chipping, but not as comfortable as other mouthguards I've used. I use it for Jiu Jitsu, so I don't get punched in the face much, but if I did, I'm sure my inner upper lip would cut with this thing on. Nonetheless, I still use it regularly.
0,Our son uses these for hours. We take them to the track to use in between bmx motos. All the kids love them. Great quality. We've been using them for 3 months.
0,Cartridge has lasted so far 3 months without loosing pressure. I do not use it much but seem to have a long lasting amount of compressed air.
0,<div id="video-block-R15C1YFVRXFOK5" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B13bgTGyADS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/21LlmxUCtTS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;People think this seat is uncomfortable because of its narrow design and hard surface. But the cutout in the middle is what gives the anatomic relief. I'm on my bike around four hours a day, and I don't feel any kind of pressure down there. It's very light. Holding it in your hand feels like your holding paper. And it looks badass.		Ok, the video came out looking like garbage. Check out this youtube link instead. https://youtu.be/kfzhJc_loDQ
0,My son loves this shirt.
0,love it
0,Great fir building a weak wrist
0,This golf ball sack arrived super quickly and in great condition.  It's a very cute gift for a golfer's birthday, especially for a 40th or 50th birthday.  I bought it for a friend of ours who was turning 40.  He thought it was hilarious. I added this in to a large gift bag filled with other golfing accessories.  It seems very well made and nice quality materials.  Very happy with this purchase.
0,It does what it's supposed to do, maybe a little big for 223. You could debur a 105 with it but it works.		Side note---- Never buy from RELIABLE VALUES, read their reviews off amazon and you will know why. I ordered 9mm dies, 28 days later I am still waiting.
0,Got this for my daughter's shotgun.  She loves it.
0,It has screw adjustment and can fit bottles with ODs 63-74 mm including recyclable bottles. Overall, it's sturdy with good quality plastic.
0,hurt my knee and can't jog any more .. got the kinetic trainer so I could at least ride during the winter and ya need this
0,looks great, comfortable, good padding
0,THis thing was clutch, love the storage of it, it sizes down beautifully. Great for camping or for the beach.
0,I had bought this for me, but my husband started using them and he loves them!
0,I am very pleased with this light. It attached easily to my seat tube and was easy to take on and off and the light is great at night.  I have had many times when I have struggled to either aim my helmet light or had to take off my front light in order to see the combinations. It has a sturdy cable and although it is heavier than I like, that is a trade off for increased security. I do have a concern. This lock fits on my seat tube but in order to not obscure my rear light I have to mount it low on the tube. I have 29" tires and right now the cable is wound tightly enough that it has about 2" clearance so I may have to turn it to the front or side if the coil relaxes.. It is a 36"cable, which is long enough to go through my rear tire and frame around a bike rack or skinny post but not sure what will happen if I have to settle for a tree. Overall, I really like this lock. With a lifetime guarantee any problems should be handled.
0,I bought them for my dog and she loves them . Idk how they would be for handball but I would try them
0,Got these for my mom and she loves them! Good job with the product.
0,I got this light and a helmet mount for it. I found it more than bright enough on Medium brightness. Even on overcast nights the terrain was quite visible. I have even crashed once with it and the helmet broke, but the light was fine. The battery lasts many hours and the color indicator is helpful, just need to ask a friend to check it or take off the helmet.
0,they did shrink a little when they got washed.
0,kinda goes along w th the kenda tubes....
0,As a hunter, I cannot rave about this chair enough. It is fairly light weight. Not that you don't notice the chair, but it certainly isn't as heavy as a lot of the competitors.  It is solid as a rock and because the big foot pads works anywhere. I have little trouble finding a spot to put this chair. With some chairs I have to find a spot for the chair to settle right. With this chair I find the spot I want to sit and it works. Very comfortable. Never felt like I was adjusting my position to get comfortable. Makes little to no noise. I never once had a squeak in 20-50 degree weather.
0,I purchased this baseball bag for my 6 year old son who plays little league last spring and we still use it today.  It's still in great shape and very durable.  I was concerned on how much stuff it could hold when I initially purchased it and when you receive it in the mail, it doesn't look like it could hold much and looked flimsy.  I was wrong. We pack the following items in the bag at all times: 2 bats, a baseball helmet, an adult baseball glove, 3 little league baseball gloves, 3-4 baseballs, a baseball cap, sunscreen, and a windbreaker.  The bag is always full and the zipper has stayed strong. The bag has been through rain, mud, and lots of dragging around and it is still in great shape! The clip in the bag to hang on fences is very useful!  I do wish the shoulder strap was more comfortable, but other than that, this was a great buy!
0,We have camp outs a few times a year and after I bought one the kids made me get another. Super easy to put up. Maybe 5 minutes after you've done it once.  Extra space is nice for storage or to take off wet / snowy gear and to keep the inside of the tent dry.
0,Great pad for glute bridges, which is why I got it.
0,This is our second cover, as the first one was sitting too close to the grill and melted a big hole in it! This cover is sturdy and easy to put on and take off.
0,awesome
0,Great fit...
0,Sturdy but light. Enjoying it so far, good value for the quality.
0,Starts fire. Durable.  Pouch is good quality.
0,This is a good choice for heating water for beverages or to hydrate dried trail-food, and there's plenty of room inside to pack a mini-stove on top of the included cups.		Similar titanium cooksets are a bit lighter, but this item is way cheaper and works like a charm.
0,This is a serious tool, not the Chinese crap that bends like tin. It cam with tri-fold shovel cover I did not expect? Too bad because I ordered one and don't have use for two. Maybe it was in the product description and I just missed it? This not a backpacking item, but great when I go camping on my Quad.
0,Really like them. I have noticed an increase in grip strength and forearm size since I began incorporating them into my workouts.
0,I had originally purchased the Yakima Tube Top Crossbar Adapter. But, it didn't fit a pretty standard adult female frame. At it's widest, it was maybe a 1/4 too short to reach around the seat post. So, I purchased this one instead. The Swagman Bar Adapter is a much better product. The bar is split in the middle, and can be pulled completely apart from the other side (with a small  bungee tethering the two pieces together. This allows you to fit it on may different frame geometries.
0,Very durable and holds a ton.  I love the taller space for drink containers, etc. No more laying them down and spilling everywhere.  Rolls over grass nicely.
0,This Rothco Canteen Cup Lid is a perfect match for the Rothco G.I. Type Stainless Steel Canteen Cup. In fact, it snaps on for a friction fit! Paired with a Nalgene canteen bottle, you have a very compact, durable hydration and minimalist cook set, albeit a little on the heavy side compared with some of the ultralight titanium cookset options on the market. If you're looking for the lightest possible option and money is not an issue, go titanium. If you're on a budget and don't mind the extra ounces of stainless steel, grab one of these lids and the matching canteen cup.		By the way, the weight of this lid is 60 grams, and the matching Rothco USGI stainless steel canteen cup is 214 grams.
0,I love this knife. I'm glad the price has finally come down to a reasonable level. Tough and very sharp.
0,Work great to keep things organied in my pack and will add another level of waterproof protection for my food and clothing.
0,Good leather, nice hand strap.  It is rather large and would not fit into a hip pocket well.  It would be carried in a front pants pocket fine.  Needs a good bit of coins to be effective.  It is not going to fool anyone....it looks like a sap so it must be one.  I might feel that I might roll it up and put it in a carry-on for a flight without coins and get away with it, but you aren't going to run it through the metal detector with coins in it and think it won't be noticed.
0,Purchased for 119. At that price it is hard to find a 4 pound tent that can comfortably sleep two tall people, we even fit our packs at our feet! The stakes are heavy steel and ineffective in soft ground. Save some weight and frustration and spend 5 bucks on coughland aluminum stakes.
0,Good tool.
0,Works nicely to protect my UCO lantern.
0,I love this for my compound bow
0,I used to buy these directly from Hanks Clothing, but now I go through Amazon since I have Amazon Prime.  I love these pants.  They go great under long shirts on inside ski pants.  They keep you warm when your cold, and cool when its warm. They are super comfortable.  Great to lounge or work out in.
0,Appears to be sturdy enough with the two small screws on each side.  If it should loosen over time I'll just drill it out and insert Yak Gear Tri-Grip rivets.  Awesome price wise.
0,Perfect
0,This is the easiest set up of this design ever. Having own a previous version using sleeves for the poles, the clips are great and easy to attach. The material used is very lightweight , Yet very strong, it has been on several camp trips to the desert and stands up to the wind , when staked down, on the 2 occasions when it turned into a kite, it did not puncture or rip or snap the poles.  I'm very happy with the product, and noticed the price increased about a third... this will last for years with basic care.
0,My son loved this for his birthday! It was attached easily to his pickup.
0,Great fit, very stylish. Easy to care for.
0,I really like these for backpacking. When your carrying them on your back all day you never have to worry about them leaking or puncturing like the plastic ones. If you have to carry fuel, this is your best bet. They are worth the extra cost.
0,I ordered this late and didn't notice that it was a winter bag. Definitely a winter bag. VERY warm. I keep it in the car for emergency. Very well made and comfortable for the price.
0,works well, I love shopping Amazon!
0,This pack fit more than enough for a 10 day trip to Peru.  Like how the backpack straps can be zipped into the pack when you are on the airplane or train.  Easy to get a comfortable fit with the pack too.
0,So easy to use and the girls loved that they matched their softball uniforms!! Long lasting too! It stayed on all day during our travel tournaments. never had to reapply unless a girl washed her face. Color washed easily with soap and water so their faces weren't died purple when they went back to school. We have used many eye black sports products and iSplack is by far our favorite ! I recommend this to any athlete or super fan!!
0,Great for final cleaning and leaving some oil in the barrel.
0,I've tried several bike riding pants however; the Baleaf's wider waste band delivered a much more comfortable fit. I plan to order another one in the near future.
0,Excellent product - exactly as depicted in the information.			Update: bought another set to avoid having to remove and jam it in the door at different heights.
0,I was really looking forward to using this product. It seems alright, just far too big for me. The one-size-fits-all doesnt even give me the option to pick a better size.  The sizing is also very different from UAs very own baseball pants, which fit me perfectly (Medium).  I hope UA adds better sizing to this product in the future.		Edit:  Feeling like a fool; turns out it's adjustable.  Fits great.  5/5
0,Great product, going to make our MISSING CHILDRENS DAY event look look even more professional!
0,Lots of ways to adjust the umbrella make it versatile. Very good product and I recommend it.
0,I wear a size 9  and ordered size 10.	The 10 fits like a 9  (due to the very thick, soft lining).		I expected this and ordered the correct size ( 10 ) from the start.		As others have said,  order 1 size larger than you normally wear.		BTW -  I really, really like these slippers.  They are  Black Matte  with	  Dark Chocolate Leather  Trim  and Lining.		You could wear these outside your home ( they have rubber soles ).	I plan to.
0,Used this making a hasty fighting position with a squadmate, his failed half way into the dig and we split time using mine.  Very sturdy and solid.
0,Good fit, thin fabric not much compression but overall good for what I paid. Use them for BJJ/MMA training and so far so good no pilling or waist roll
0,Great package deal.  They were high quality and comfortable.
0,As an outdoor adventure enthusiast, I have always heard about the legendary quality and practicality of SOG knives and now I understand why. This knife is exceptional! It is thoughtfully designed and it's amazing how with its many functional features it remains well-balanced and comfortable in my smaller (female) hand. The sheath is also fantastic-- the knife clicks confidently into place the sheath holds it strongly. It's very easy to wear and handy to access with this sheath. I was concerned that wading through heavier brush could cause the knife to come out of the sheath, but I'm convinced it would take quite an impact to do so-- one can wear this on their hip or pack with the utmost confidence.		The blade is impeccably shaped and sharp to boot. The partial serration is tough enough to saw through small branches and rope, and would also be perfect handy feature for field dressing applications. The cord-cutting notch and fire-starting strike are the icing on the cake. This knife is a camper's, hiker's, or hunter's dream come true-- a bona ride survivalist tool and the only knife one would need on an outdoor excursion.		For the knife collector, this is a must-have. Anyone who admires the beauty and design of a well-engineered knife will be impressed.
0,Great quality and fast shipping. Exactly what I expected and needed.
0,This set only comes with the goggles and the snorkel. I don't think this is a true dry snorkel - I think the proper term is "semi-dry snorkel." The snorkel works well, and everything fits comfortably. It's not the fanciest set but gets the job done for your below-surface adventure. The goggles are pretty easy to adjust.		I didn't get a carrying bag, but I have plenty of bags anyway. (I didn't deduct a star for this since this seems to be a product description error.)		I like having my own snorkel set while on vacation so I don't pay to rent snorkeling gear which isn't that much cheaper, at least in the US, plus I prefer to avoid using items that other people put into their mouths. Considering how often I snorkeled in Hawaii, bringing my own set saves me money.
0,great secret Santa gift, got a lot of laughs and it works fine.  i thought it would break after a month and its still in our office
0,Good tent, well used, not as big as we thought for 2 people.
0,I am a LEO and I use this light everyday. It's extremely bright, and battery life isn't terrible.  It is waterproof which is perfect for FL rainy days. Way better light for the price opposed to surefire and way more lumens!! Can't beat it!
0,I thought this gun was going to be a little bit larger, but it's a smaller pistol. I wasn't disappointed because it did well as a 007 style pistol for a costume party. Cheap plastic, but for $7, it's a good deal.
0,My dad loves the Michigan State Spartans football team, so I bought him this hat for Father's Day. The hat fits well on his head, and he was pleased with how warm the hat kept him. It will be perfect for watching football on those chilly fall evenings. Would recommend for any Spartans fan!
0,Not as wind resistant as I had hoped, but do bounce well
0,Quality round and hard hitting pellet using my Umarex Octane rifle.  You get a really good, accurate round for the money.	(Don't expect to stop a charging Grizzly with it though).
0,I picked up the UPS box and thought that they had shipped me the wrong item because the box was so heavy. Nope. Just the tube in the box. I have not used it yet but it seems very durable (at least it better be for the weight) I purchased this to carry with me on the bike and I do not really want to now due to the weight. But I guess you cannot have it both ways....
0,Fits perfectly.
0,GREAT PRODUCT -		The shipping did NOT have an outer box.  It was a gift and the box gave away the surprise.		A suggestion:  check 'gift' so an outer shipping box is included.
0,very comfortable although a bit heavy.
0,These straps coupled with a nice set of studded flats will definitely keep your feet in place while pedaling.
0,no more flats for me to date.. bought another for the back wheel .. heavy use weekday 2 mile commute.. lots of glass and stickers run over with no problem
0,These would be more than excellent for normal camping but, I used them in extreme conditions in the desert. The playa that I hammered these into was very hard so I broke a couple plastic ends prying them out. Also, the wind storms slightly bent a few stakes since they were anchoring a small shade structure. All in all, they did their job and held up in a harsh environment.
0,Bought for a Puerto Rico vacation. Went to the beach, horseback riding, sailing, and a hike in the national rain forest- not one single mosquito bite.		Satisfied customer
0,good job, nice brush
0,I like these a lot. They seem to fit a little more loose than the legs do, but they're not baggy. I would buy them again.
0,Want a "rolling pin" that can travel with you? This one fits in a full-size suitcase.  I took it to Vegas recently, anticipating some back spasms while driving for eight hours. Came in very handy; used it in the hotel room as well.  Very rigid construction, which is what I wanted....not soft.  Great product...will take it with me on future trips.
0,I like it.  My students like it.  Now they can leave their mats at the studio.  These wipes clean the mats well, leaving no discernible residue.  Only negative is I wish they were available for a better price.  Still, I continue to re-order, so my inner evaluator must think they are worth the current price.
0,Fit with ease
0,Getting the right sizes for some of these jersey's is tricky.  I forgot to go up in size and I haven't been able to wear this yet.  Perhaps if I lose a few pounds but for know it just sits in my closet.  I liked the color and feel, just not the sizing.
0,good feeling knife . Would have given 5 stars except for burs on the edge . Otherwise seems to be a great knife .
0,This light actually allows you to see and be seen better than at night. Much better and brighter than most other lights on the market.
0,Great gloves, quality is awesome.
0,This is the best fitting, most stretchable and comfortable cap I've worn. I'm on my second - problem is , it tore down the back after 3 months of use (about 36 swims). I got my first one after struggling with the regular caps, which were much too tight, and my hair isn't that long. This one goes on like a dream. The outlines for where the ears are supposed to go are superfluous, as my ears go where my ears go. I got this type cap after a really terrible ear infection, and haven't gotten sick since. It doesn't keep your hair dry, or keep all of the water out of the ears, but it helps comfort-wise. Until I find a better cap, I guess I'll continue buying these, altho they are too pricey to keep replacing. Maybe I'll just cut my hair off and use earplugs. Still, they are really comfortable and easy to put on.
0,Good product! Very satisfied.
0,I have a small farm and my 4 year old grandson stays with me quite often. Last summer, after a day feeding the animals, swimming and "helping" me mow grass, he got a terrible sunburn. I had been applying sunblock all day but it didn't really help too much. I have been searching for a cool, comfortable long-sleeve shirt for him to wear when we are outside all day. I was offered this one at a discount in exchange for an honest review so I jumped at the chance. This is a top-quality shirt and feels amazingly soft. It has already been pretty hot here in NW Georgia but so far, he has stayed cool while wearing it. It fits a bit loosely on him but he likes his clothes a bit baggy and as a bonus, it can be worn longer than one season. Love the fact that it matches pretty much anything, is super easy to care for and dries quickly. He loves anything that has to do with fishing and this has become his favorite shirt. I have even had to wash it so he can sleep in it a couple of times as he doesn't want to take it off! I will definitely be ordering another color for him as well as one for my older grandson! Perfect for blocking sun and looks great too!
0,I love the concept of the silicone wedding rings. There are many people who can't wear their rings to work or activities. My husband takes his ring off when he exercises, so I appreciate the fact that he can wear this instead. This is a 3 set of rings & each one is a different size. They stretch a little to help slide it over the knuckle if needed. My husband said it was comfortable to wear and remove. His comment was "why are they black"? He would like to see lighter colored ones. In his opinion, the black just stands out too much. His wedding band is gold so it's a big contract to go from yellow gold to black. One of the rings had a small chunk missing from the edge. It wasn't too big of a deal for us because that ring was too small and didn't fit my husband.		*I received this for free for the purpose of trying out & reviewing. My thoughts & opinions are my own.
0,nice
0,Rings are strong and durable, they're an excellent  addition to my home gym!
0,Even if you have other Zumba programs, it is nice to have a variety to change it up. I like a program I already have that includes weights, but this keeps me from getting bored with one set of CD's. I do love the slimdown book that accompanies it that includes great recipes and a sample meal plan. Setting up day to day meal plans can help you control calories ahead of time. It has a lot of explanation on the CD and in the book, as well as a great cool down period. The set doesn't weigh very much, so it is easy to ship a copy to a friend or relative for Christmas. I like how well they explain the moves, as well as the dance party set. It also includes good safety tips. The music is also great. They also give you a workout plan to start with that is so important for beginners so you don't over due it the first couple of weeks. Once you are used to the program you can figure out your own work loads, rest days etc. I also think they do a great job of explaining training zones and how to target specific areas for best results. I suggest to anyone to watch the instructions on the proper form a few times before continuing at a quick pace. It is the safest way to proceed without injury. You can also practice in front of a mirror a few times to make sure you are doing the movement correctly.
0,This set is excellent for casual players that want to be able to set up a game of badminton anywhere, any time very quickly. In the set is a portable net, two shuttlecocks and two rackets. I kind of wish it has 2 more rackets so could play with 4 people, but it's easy enough to supplement an extra set. As it is, my Dad and I easily garbed it at the last minute and took it to the park, and I'm happy to report the setup was sturdy on both pavement and short grass. Keeping in mind that this is plastic, so I doubt it'll be able to take too much of a beating and I'd be gentler with it than I would a more professional set, but for a quick game it's perfect.
0,Very nice dock straps, have a pair and they work very well
0,Good
0,This product works well. Have used it now for over three months with no issues at all. Extended far but is heavy along with that reach. Works very well.
0,Took it out the box, 1 cotton ball with a dab of vaseline, srike it a few times to get the hang of it. WOW fire,without lighters or matches. Completly satisfied.
0,I received my 1051 in a very short time..Upon opening the package, I was truely amazed at the quality of the contents..This is one "SWEET" looking gun..the quality is all there..the scope mounted and sighted in fine..I purchased this for my 10yr old grandson, for his birthday, and he loves it..I won't be bold and mention the make, but the 1051 is twice the gun of mine..I'm seriously considering getting another 1051 for myself..Aside from being a tad on the heavy side for the 10yr old,and as with all pellet firearms, having a slightly heavy trigger pull, I don't hesitate at all in recommending this rifle for either a newcomer or more experienced shooter.."We Love it"...
0,this knife is wonderful. i especially like the open assist feature. would buy ten more if i had storage for them  and alot of money to burn.
0,It works and it is not uncomfortable.
0,This is a beautiful, very light weight jacket. It is a trim fit, which is exactly what I wanted, but if you aren't trim, you may want to order up a size or two. It is extra long also, so for me a bit more that I wished, but still very nice. Have not tried it in the Arizona heat yet, so am hoping not too warm. It is knit, not woven, but so thin it should be ok and to keep the sun's rays off, perfect. Covers hands & head, important in the desert. Would love another color!
0,Looks good, feels comfortable and is a great value.
0,Simple,effective and quick.
0,The test has been finished all results are in.  After taking this thing on a camping trip in the Olympic National Forest, I think it is safe to say Bravo.  This thing lacks nothing in the weight and sharpness categories.  The kit that comes with it is all good stuff, the Lansky sharpener is awesome, the hand saw shreds green wood like nothing, and the mag bar is proper.  I am pretty certain that nothing can break this knife.
0,Drinking water all day long is so easy with a water bottle in the refrigerator handy for a quick drink. The 20 oz. size is just right for work, travel or play. The cap features a self-sealing valve. The cap is designed to  prevent the bottle from leaking even in the open position. You squeeze the bottle to release the water. There is an insulating layer between two walls of plastic and this keeps the water cool longer than most water bottles. The bottle fits the standard water bottle found on bikes. The Polar bottle is Made in America and is  BPA-free and Phthalate-free. The bottle is dishwasher safe and you can freeze water in it.
0,get the job done, good price
0,Just another tool i use.
0,It will get your on the board, but I can't seem to use it to get my 10/22 dialed in exactly.  Nevertheless, it will keep you from shooting a wild shot due to a way-off scope.
0,I used to make creme brulee the old fashioned way and always ended up with water in at least one ramekin.  That ruins your efforts.  The kit's metal rack holds the tops of the ramekins above the water level, so water cannot get in and ruin your dessert.  The rack also allows you to remove the ramekins from the hot water without scalding yourself; It's a clever design.  I ended up buying a second kit for Holiday Dinners.  The ramekins & metal parts all clean easily in the sink, so don't put them in the dishwasher.  The kit comes with a recipe that tastes great and makes exactly the right amount...try it.  I wish someone would make a similar kit for flan.
0,I have used these for months now and can say with confidence they are quality.  I am careful/respectful with them but do not baby them.  I set them on the floor without being in the stand between reps.  I also perform some exercises such as over my head and body and have never had reason to doubt the locking mechanisms.  obviously they are a bit wider than dumbbells so some exercises need to be tweaked however their convenience is amazing.
0,****update***  as you use this it loosens up and the zipper gets easier to use.  I really like this item.		I like this bottle holder a lot.  I understand why in other reviews people say that the zipper is not the easiest to use and I would suggest to Maxpedition just to put a little hold at the end of the zipper area to hold and that would probably solve the problem.  I think the more I use it the zipper becomes a bit easier to use but I can certainly understand the frustrations of others.  But this keeps my bottle cold and protected and the extra pocket is a nice extra without making it too bulky.  The only other criticism would be the little hook could be a little bigger, not the hook itself but the inside part when it opens.  But overall I really like this.
0,Most real and sturdy
0,Just spray it on and the gunk literally runs off.  Very easy - just make sure you have something underneath to catch the drips.
0,I like these socks
0,Nice set. Little heavy.
0,Great kit, small size, good in the range bag
0,I'm not a huge fan of beach soccer, but I'm changing my mind after trying this soccer ball from Senda.		Unlike conventional soccer balls that can be hard on your feet, this one has a softer, almost padded feel. Even relatively young kids have no problem with this ball, even with bare feet on a sandy beach. The colors are great too - makes it really visible against the sand.		The construction quality is terrific too - it stands up well to use on the beach, and a quick rinse leaves it looking new again. The panels fit together well, and when inflated, it's almost a perfect sphere. After lots of use, the seams are still perfect and it remains sand and water-proof.		It's even rugged enough to survive an afternoon with our English bulldog...Charlie normally destroys things like this pretty quickly, but the glossy surface makes it hard for him to sink his teeth into it. He actually gave up trying to eat it, and now he kicks it around with his rather ample snout...we think it's one of his favorite toys now, and indeed, Charlie's become our little secret weapon on the beach as a result.		Overall, this is a quality soccer ball that plays well and is a terrific buy for the price - we have no trouble recommending it for the beach, or even for the backyard if you like something a little softer and more padded than the typical soccer ball.
0,Amazing socks! Highly recommended!
0,I bought this scope on a Saturday afternoon, not needing it right away since the rifle I bought it for was in CA purgatory.  Sunday afternoon I went outside to mow the lawn and to my surprise the scope had arrived.  Blew my mind that the scope and rings arrived in less than 24 hours.		As far as the scope goes, I am impressed with the quality of the lenses and the workmanship.  I'll not hesitate to buy a Nikon scope or from  WebyShops.
0,This ia a very solid base that mounts easily on the rail of my pontoon boat . The price was excellent and the shipping was fast.
0,Reinforced stitching and heavy duty nylon.  Comfortable padding.  Bottle plastic is flexible but strong able to withstand my falling on it.
0,the reel was nice but handle is little different to get use to but the price was right and they are good reels as i own 5 more reel make by them and never has a problem with  them
0,I purchased this four-pack of Tornado Dynamo Shelti foosballs to accompany my foosball table by the same manufacturer and I'm happy to say that these are just about perfect. Prior to using these foosballs I was using a set that my wife picked up at a local big-box store and those foosballs felt a bit off, maybe too light.		These foosballs have a good feel and weight and are a bit rough on the exterior. The foosballs roll perfectly on my table.		Very pleased and definitely recommend!
0,Very cool reloader.
0,This is an outstanding sight, only has a small peep but it's great for precision work. This is for 62 grain NATO 556 only for the drop, but if you wanted a small range sight this would work just don't expect the range estimation to be accurate if you use some other round. It's very sturdy. DO NOT over torque the screw. Sheesh I keep reading about people complaining that they broke theirs. What in the world were you doing? You over tightened it. Period. Put it on, sight it in, shoot it at 200 to verify and fine tune, fold it down and forget it.
0,I got this for my fiance who does a lot of hiking, backpacking, camping etc. and can really use a bag to keep his clothes and other non-waterproof or non-water resistant stuff from getting soaked. (One experience of that is enough for one lifetime, just fyi) The color is bright, which is great if he decides to use it while backpacking in the woods, or parks (high viability is a good thing), and it's size was way bigger than we thought it'd be so there's plenty of room in there for all your needs.  My fiance tested it out and said it kept his stuff dry when he held it under the shower (to simulate rain) really well. He also tested it to see if it held air and it did, there were no punctures, leaks and no bubbles formed during this test he did. completely submerged under the shower, and the inner compartment was completely dry. The part that made him the most excited was that it will fit in his commuter bag he uses for his daily bicycle commute which means his work clothes and other items will stay dry if it is raining light or heavily.  The only downsides he said it had was that he wishes that the stiffener on the top of the bag were integrated into the material on the rim of the bag, which would make folding it down easier. The other downside he pointed out was that the bag could be difficult to close if you end up doing it incorrectly. It's something that you can get better at as you go, in other words, practice makes perfect... but that was pretty much the only thing he said that could "use some work" or refinement...but it works, and in my opinion that makes it worth it.
0,Go Pack Go! It a license plate cover with letters that can't fall off like other more flashy frames.
0,as described, and fairly comfortable for not liking stuff on my face.
0,awesome so far! just got them on this week. i bought a heat gun to set them as directed because I don't have a hair dryer here. they offer a really nice grip
0,good product - fast service
0,Well made cooler.  Love the removable hard liner.  Soft coolers always leak eventually.  Liner will prevent that.
0,These are great. The price really can't be beat.
0,much needed in reloading world
0,Bought this to make Cub Scout personal first aid kits. Nice mix and inexpensive.
0,This yoga mat is wonderful! I love the size since I can stay on the mat the entire time I am stretching and/or doing yoga. It is the same thickness as a typical yoga mat found in my old college gym but the foam feels denser.	Like all thinner yoga mats, if you are using it anywhere where the floor is very hard this mat may not have enough cushion.  I had a yoga instructor that required us to do ab exercises like crunches, and other movements where we were lying on our backs and rolling up on our spines.  This was always uncomfortable since the hard floor would grind into my vertebrae, which caused soreness, and even bruising if I did these exercises/stretches for an extended period of time. I decided to try the same moves with this mat on my wood floor to see if this mat was any better and it wasnt.  This is not enough of a deterrent to stop me from using this mat though.  I will use my thicker yoga mat for these moves.	For yoga and general stretching, this is definitely an excellent product.	Note: This product was given to me for a discounted price, in exchange for my 100% honest opinion. All thoughts expressed in this review are my own
0,Great product!!
0,Works great. Needs some initial "roughing up" of the fabric section to get good solvent contact with lands and grooves.
0,Very nice quality; seems sturdy and does point out north.  I haven't taken this out in the woods yet but it seems like a really nice piece.
0,We use these a lot for travel, especially on our Harley. Great at keeping clothes organized and compacting into smaller bags. We also have the small, large, and thin/long sizes.
0,bought these to take to watch our son play college football - they are very comfortable and roomie
0,Just finishing my fifth week. This is a great workout. I was having back issues, and really needed to strengthen my core. This is really doing the trick for me. As others have stated, you are in and out in 45 minutes.		The workouts are shuffled so that you don't get burnt out with the same workout. While the warm up and cool down are the same for all workouts, it's not an issue for me. You really will sweat a lot, so drink lots of water or you will cramp. Definitely use gym shoes and weight gloves.		It is a challenging workout, but for every move that is too difficult, there is a modification you can do until you get stronger. Diet is also important, so protein shakes, and eat healthy. I am doing the intermediate schedule, which is 6 days a week. On cardio days, I am doing Rodney Yee's Power Yoga, since I really need to stretch.		So far I have lost 2 inches off my waist, and dropped about 8 pounds. I am currently using 10lb weights, but can see doing another 8 weeks with 15lbs. I have not missed a workout, and actually look forward to it every morning. I used to dread morning workouts, but this one is actually fun. The five ten minute round format I think is what makes it fun. This may not be for everyone, but certainly has set well with me.
0,Looks good. I will update the review after using it. Should be in the next couple of months.
0,Cheap , right on cruiser type.
0,Works
0,I bought this watch for my husband.  He knew he wanted a G-Shock watch and we found this one on Amazon.  He loves it.  He found out a friend of his bought the same watch from the mall for $30 more.
0,My 8 year old daughter absolutely loves this bike! We are so pleased with it. It's a great quality and simply beautiful. And the costumer service is beyond outstanding. We ordered a blue bike a week before Christmas. The day after it was purchased I was notified that the blue was it of stock but they could change the color and give us a discount. The bike arrived before expected and was loved even thought it wasn't the color she was expecting. Would recommend this bike to anyone in search of a beach cruiser for your child.
0,I just wanted something to hold nick-knacks for camping and travel. These are light and seem sturdy enough for basic purposes. If you're going to load them up with heavy things, you may want a thicker material, but they work for what I need.
0,It deserves to be a classic. Mine is mounted along the seat tube on a touring bike, which seems to be teh classic place to carry it.
0,Just got this today (May 2, 2011) and put it on my motorized bicycle to be able to go grocery shopping. Installation on my Schwinn 26" beach cruiser was a no brainer. Was concerned the ends of the front forks would not be usable for the handles...but the round part of the tube does not get in the way of attachment to the axle.		The only reason I gave four stars...rather than five is that the screws they provide are the cheapest Phillips head screws they could find to attach the basket to the handlebars. This means you will not be able to tighten them down enough to keep the basket stationary. Because of this...went to the local hardware store and got some Grade 8 "Allen-head" bolts and tightened them down. Other than this...looks and rides great. Also allows me to run my speedometer and light without interference.		Other than the bolt issue...I love it!
0,They are a good value and work well. The low resistance is very easy to use. The medium adds a little more resistance. The high resistance offers the most resistance and works like they said it would. I would recommend for anyone with arthritis in their hands to get the bands with handles. I'm finding it hard to hold on to the bands without something there to grasp with the band. We have picked up wooden dowels to wrap the ends of the bands around to make it easier to hang on to the bands.
0,Works as advertised.  Wish they cost a bit less.
0,Great helmet
0,Cool
0,work great
0,This is a great pump, easy to use and switch valves, and the gauge is accurate. Highly. recommend this to anyone who wants an efficient pump.
0,Really nice pack. alot of room. Going to be nice for the wife on our thru hike on the AT
0,Exactly as described.  Got it for my wife, and she loves it!  Doesn't make her strangle herself when shouldering a rifle like her vest.  Plenty of room for her boobs, and extremely adjustable.  Her words: "I love it!"  I don't want to adjust it to fit me, but it still fits well enough (we're about the same size).  Like just about anything else Condor I'm sure it will loosen up with wear, but I lost some skin reaching down in the side pockets.  Guess I get to buy her new gloves now, too... WORTH IT!
0,believe or not, not fit for my door, so I have to cut my door off to fit it.
0,Fortunately, I read other reviews before buying and bought one size larger than normal.  I usually wear a 32 but I ordered a 34 and it fits really well.  I am new to fitness swimming and it is amazing what a difference a Speedo makes over a conventional baggy suit.  There is no drag which is really nice when you're doing a bunch of laps.  I recommend this swimsuit.
0,One sharp puppy
0,Introduction: I had initially bought these over grips at Sports Authority, but I'd still like to comment on the product here on Amazon. I've been consistently using these grips for over 2 years and I have to say that it's an excellent over grip with exactly the feel and tackiness that I need when playing competitively or casually. These grips last me around 4-5 months playing tennis 5 days a week, but its quality over this time still surprises me. While these are great over grips, there are still things that I find troubling with them.		Pros:	- When you first put it on, it's extremely tacky and immediately good for playing	- Easy installation	- Easy to carry around		Cons:	- After playing for about 2-3 months, the tackiness goes down about tenfold	- Quality doesn't last although grip does	- Gets noticeably dirty after only about 2 months of playing		Conclusion: I still know that after people look at this review, many people will tend to disagree with me. I would like to keep in mind that I play tennis 5 days a week including the occasional tennis tournament every once in a while. Its quality is excellent, but its durability is not. Although these are my main over grips as of right now, I have yet to find an over grip that will take care of the flaws that these over grips have and exceed my expectations in amazing quality and durability.
0,I just received my Condor Double Rifle Case and I'm very impressed with the quality and features. Note that it comes with the MOLLE bags not properly laced on, but that only takes 5 minutes to correct. This bag has plenty of padded storage for two rifles and two pistols with room for ammo and range gear. If you're looking for a tactical/soft case this is the one to get.
0,Perfect - thanks!
0,It is a water barrier so make sure the horses hooves are clean before applying.  It does stain anything it comes in contact with...  but overall as described
0,As expected from a Camelbak product.  Use it for my light rides.  The bladder is easy to remove and replaced.  Nice front pocket for small items like an ID and/or keys.
0,This Is exactly what I wanted. No problems here. Not much to say about it other than it fulfills the needs that I wanted for this product. I enjoyed using this I guess? Seems reliable and trustworthy, but only time will tell. I've owned it for about 3 weeks, and it has no problems but I will give an update in a couple more weeks to see how it goes.
0,So far just what I needed. Don't know how long they will last as ordered large & sometimes get in way but worth to keep bugs off.
0,OMG....Cathe kicks your fanny on this workout. love the variety, love the plyometrics, and I have always found using a step bench fun. This is very fast paced and hard to keep up with at times, but I will get there. My only complaint is I wish she had a clinic at the beginning to teach the steps she uses. I get confused on the steps because it goes so fast. I am sure some day I will get there. But if you want to step and breath hard, this is a great workout. So far I have not been disappointed by any of Cathe's workouts.
0,A+
0,Ok rod for certain applications...company has good customer service and product support
0,These are the first snowshoes we have had. The work well and are really easy to put on. There may be some that are better but I am extremely happy and satisfied with these.
0,perfect backup and spare links.  Work well with a shimano 10 speed chain.
0,These are working perfect! You can clearly see the difference between this brand and other snap caps. I will be buying more in other calibers soon.
0,Very nice water bottle, Good in all aspects; Functionality, Looks, Performance, Couldn't ask for any better.
0,This is a wonderful and powerful knife!!The full TANG is	strongest of ALL the knives I have. I also saved over 30 $	when I got it! If you like knives, you will flip over this one!	I would have given this knife and SAVINGS 10 stars if I could have!
0,Small, cheap, very stable, and looks great.
0,Works well. Slips around when really sweating.
0,They work as expected
0,I bought this little camera, just to hang outside of a storage building to keep an eye on things.  With the no-glo IR's, you cannot see this in the dark at all.  Spotted a raccoon and an armadillo so far, but luckily no intruders.  Very easy to set up and works great.
0,Very good blade. Nice grip and size. good weight.
0,The training platform is excellent and would receive 5 stars, but part of the selling point for this product was an app that allows kids to practice a random sequence.  The app only works on a phone platform and not a tablet.  It may sound picky, but it was frustrating to not have that feature.
0,I bought this for training for my first marathon. Unfortunately I should have gotten a 4 bottle unit, however that is not a knock on this particular model. It holds enough liquid for me for runs right around 2 hours or so, after that you need more. I think it may be okay for a marathon where you have water stops though, I will carry the drink of my choice and a couple of gels in the pocket.		The belt sits fine on my waist, and I don't notice it moving around at all. I have worn it running and trail running. At first I would check back to make sure the bottles didn't fall out over rough terrain, but they seem just fine in the holders. The belt is somewhat stretchy, so you adjust the fit on your waist. The front pocket does hold a Hammer Gel flask, I was worried that it would loosen the Velcro, but it seems fine. The belt disappears on your waist after a while, especially when the pain from running sets in : )		The only knock on the belt is the bottles. You have to make sure the caps are screwed on correctly else they will leak. They work fine and don't leak, but you must make sure there is no gap and that they are on tight. I have that part down after the first time I didn't have a cap on correctly and now it's all good.		I have a 32" waist and the medium fits me well.		I like this belt enough that I will probably pick up the same brand in the 4 bottle version, for longer trail runs etc. It would be nice if the bottle holders were removable to make the unit more flexible, say make a 4 bottle into a 2 bottle, but I guess the bottle holders can just stay on the belt empty. I'm giving it 5 stars because I can't find enough flaws to overcome the usefulness of the belt.
0,Highly recommended .  Ordered twice already.  Great customer service: friendly, very helpful and honest.  Excellent cord which we used to make paracord bracelets for a fundraiser for scouting.  We will be using SGT KNOTS for all future paracord orders.  Thanks again.
0,It is whatever said
0,I use this for my AK underfolder and my Saiga 12 with ACE folding stock. No one knows when I'm off to the range anymore.
0,Great socks. Comfortable and work well keeping your feet cool.
0,There's nothing more I can say that everybody else hasn't already said.  For the money, these MBUS sights can't be beat!
0,Great eye relief, low profile, good for up to 200-250 yards,{ Hence the low price}  after 100 rounds still holding zero. Bottom line for the money, a good solid little scope.
0,Worked perfectly
0,Nice darts.  I'm no dart expert but these are very handy to have when company comes over.
0,Love the sections so that I can store and go.
0,For the price, I cant really be disappointed about any of the details. The stuff on the front isn't really carbon fiber, and the knife isn't double sided if anybody is wondering. The action seems to be solid, I like it. The spring is plenty strong, and it's wiggling the screws loose, which by the way, are not standard tipped. They are some hex bit or something. I may buy a screw driver to tighten it up with, but it would be equally cheap just to purchase another once this one falls apart, so I could really care less. Decent blade, does the job it was designed for.
0,I have these on all my rifle cans.  They protect you from nasty burns, and let you take the can off when it's still hot and easy to remove.		The instructions say to clean the can with alcohol and then put it on with a bit of water for lube, which sounds foolish.  Why use water as lube when oil works far better?  So I always just spray Rem oil on the can, and the cover slips right on.  I haven't had any issues with them coming off while firing either.
0,Made a huge difference with my performance on Squats.		P.S. I wear size 38ish pants and I use the belt (medium) at 3rd notch.
0,great value
0,So I read a bunch of reviews measuring decibel levels and such.  They didn't seem that scientific of tests and I decided on these because I am happy with other SOL products and because I was able to hands on test my friends. These are really LOUD. They are small, lightweight, won't break, and again they are really loud. They will do the job. I recommend.
0,Worked pretty well.  Good price.  Comes with properly sized hex key so you don't have to go searching for one of your own.
0,WELL I JUST GOT THE VEST 3 HOURS AGO AND I HAVE TO SAYY WOW =D , WHEN I TOOK IT OUT OF THE BOX I WAS AMAZED . if your a skinny 12 year old don't buy it because it will be alittle big on you but if your like 13 or 14 and ur 5,6 it will fit on you, and the vest has a lot of inside and outside pockets and holders and more and theres alot of pockets on the back too , its a wonderful vest and i cant wait to use it in paintball =D
0,Great, solid pushup bars. I was traveling and forgot my pushup bars at home and thought I would try these. They're perfect! Light weight, yet solid construction, easy to break down to travel with, holds my 200lb muscular frame perfectly with no wobble. For the price, you can' beat the quality.
0,Great Product Great Service
0,Excellent jump rope, it's the best one ever
0,Really like this addition to my scope.  Not only for looks but in function.  Helps to ease into that perfect parallax setting.  Plus it makes the scope look bad 4SS
0,I thought this plastic would be a big let down.  I was pleasantly surprised when this worked perfectly.  I am very happy to have this tool.
0,Great for my snow hike
0,Perect use it for my smoothies.
0,This is a good value.  It arrived promptly and in excellent condition. I highly recommended this for camping or emergency bug out conditions.
0,good quality. the suction was not really working properly and most important it wouldn't fit into a standard car cup holder
0,this is my 4th Ear Band=it.  I upped it a star because I keep buying because it appears to be the best product on a limited market.  It definitely needs more Velcro for size adjustment.  When wet it stretches.  However, this time I am using it to keep water out of ear while showering and washing face.  Yes, I splash a lot and ear issues still continue to need treatment.  Would still recommend with limitations in mind.
0,The carbon look works and it's light and durable.  Fits standard bottles and easy to mount on the bike.  I'm sure it will hold up of years to come.
0,Wear these under my cycling shoes, rode in 13F this weekend and feet were very warm with wool socks and my winter riding shoes.  My socks were soaked with sweat so have stopped wearing winter socks and gone to summer weight, ankle high socks.
0,Arrived on time. My 15 year old son loves it. Great purchase.
0,EXCELLENT...
0,The Landing Pad 13's fit perfectly on our 2013 Subaru Outback. They are unobtrusive and a rock solid base so we can now use our Yakima bars and accessories. Our two 17' long Sea Kayaks total about 100 lbs and ride fine when tied front and back. These pads and the related control towers are the best sea kayak mounting system I could find after two years of searching....  Thanks to Yakima for a good work-around for Subaru's huge rack design mistake on the next generation Outback wagons.
0,It's cheap, but it works.  Not as sturdy as some of the more expensive stoves, but it cooked my food just as well.  If i were going to use this often I'd probably spend a little more for better quality, but for the little backpacking I do, it fits the budget and works just fine.
0,Very bright and compact. It will be great for my camping trips.
0,I litterly wore out the bearings on my previous pedals and ordered a set of Shimano M540's as a replacement for my road bike (I prefer SPD's for road riding).  I went for a long ride today and they're great.  Easy to install (no pedal wrench needed, use an 8mm hex / Allen wrench - reminder the left-side is reverse threaded!).
0,At first I didn't like them since my hands are medium sized, however, now that I've used them for a few weeks I can't go back without them.  These really make griping the barbell much easier.  Would buy again, though probably won't be necessary since these things are really well built.
0,Excelent
0,its great
0,This is a robust product and large enough not to worry about arrows going somewhere. I highly recommend getting the stand for it.
0,Love this wheel. Extremely helpful in those deep bckbends or even a relaxation flow.
0,Great
0,Date code was for March 2, 2017. Received them on May 5, 2017. You can't get that fresh with "surplus" MREs.
0,The Holster for myself for Christmas.	Fits my gun well & of great quality & craftsmanship.	Looks great with my gun, cost was a little high.	Shipped on time.
0,Got this actually for my wife and her outside use.  She loves it
0,For what I paid it isn't bad. (Around $110) Longer clubs have steel shafts(Driver and hybrid) which made them impossible for a new golfer to hit. The irons and bag are good for a beginner. Just buy a couple used clubs to replace the driver and 3H and you will be set. The reason It has 4 stars is because of how little it costs to purchase
0,These junk-jammers work.  You can ride a little longer without feeling like your prostate is going to break in half, which is nice.
0,I had been looking for a hydration bladder to fill the empty hydration slot in my Dakine Helipack for a while. Have heard nothing but great things about Camelbak, I decided to try this one. I specifically chose the military version it as I planned to use it out on the trails (for dirt biking). This bladder fits my backpack perfectly and holds a ton of water (great for those summer rides)! Build quality is fantastic - I have fallen off my bike and landed on my back and thus the bladder and no leaking issues. Great bite valve system that doesn't leak and is easy to get the hang of. Overall, I don't know if this thing can be beat - highly recommend!
0,Great price.... I suppose it will do what it is suppose to do if needed. Just hope it won't ever be needed.
0,Awesome knife. Super sharp and fits perfectly in the hand. Perfect bushcraft knife. I also have an esee 5 but I prefer this for most things because it's so much lighter and easier to carry while camping.
0,These fins Rock! I used them to snorkel in the carribean and they worked as advertised. Very fast fins. I wear size nine and they are comfortable. I also use them in my pool for practice! I would highly recommend these fins to anyone.  I'm ordering a pair for my girlfriend. :)
0,Fits my pistol perfectly and is comfortable to carry.
0,Neat, sturdy, easy to use tool for removing and replacing your bicycle tires.  You need this from day one because you will need to remove your tires and install rim and tube liners BEFORE you ride your bicycle or you won't get far before you have a flat.
0,Material is good and good fit, not overly large some some other lifting gloves. I very rarely wear gloves but when I do I wear these.
0,Great ski-glove liner.  Fit perfectly under my gloves and gave added warmth while we were out in Utah.	Can use these as just a thin standalone glove as well and I can use my phone with these on - a huge bonus in my opinion.	Great price and a solid product.
0,Excellent product.  I'll never wear this thing out, or see it fail.  Ordered the next size up and washed several times hot...fit is perfect.  I'm 5'9", 175lbs.
0,I got the large and it fits just right I am 6'2 185.  Fabric is nice its not too tight or form fitting like a wife beater.  I like that the under armour logo is subdued I like their stuff but everyone wears UA so its nice not to have their logo screaming on the tank...
0,Just got this belt and it looks pretty good.  The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is that the buckle is made from such cheap material.  If they would have used nickle (and charged a little more) it would have given 5 stars.  Soooo....I'm looking to swap out the buckle.
0,Hubby loves this for his short trips around the camp ground and up to play some cards. Keeps his cold drinks nice & cold making him very happy.
0,smaller than a flag patch. but much nicer.
0,The Pflueger President is the smoothest spinning reel available at this price point. I own 8 of them, some of them 4 years old with heavy use, and they preform very well. I recommend them to anyone who wants a quality reel at a reasonable price.
0,Good price, have not used them yet.
0,Big improvement in sighting your target.  I would definitely get this item if you want to set your sights quicker than before.
0,Gave this to my son who is a camper and he loves it.
0,Great Lot's of Fun
0,This is a great water bottle.  I take it to work and it encourages me to drink more water during the day.  I purchased one of the Guyot splashguards, which fits inside the mouth of the bottle perfectly and makes drinking splash-free even easier.  Has held up just fine in the dishwasher.
0,Love it
0,Beautiful smell. I have crushed some and used for increased hand grip.  Some used in a polish recipe. Very happy. Will last a long time
0,seem like cheap plastic but it does the job , great lenses , doesn't fog up like other masks , over all , I love the mask for the CAMO and price range .
0,Excellent product. well crafted material. You will not have to buy or use any other neck gadgets ever again.
0,Bought size L I'm a size 12 and it fits greats, bought them to use them on my vibram, the work great together no discomfort what so ever, first time using vibram and this type of sock, was worried about my toes begin apart, but no discomfort what so ever, a must have!		Check the pictures I uploaded
0,Nice..
0,I use this cooler on the tounge of my motorcycle trailer (pulls behind bike) and it keeps ice longer than all the others I have had in the past. Good rubber seal, tie down loops, good latches, stiff polycarbonate body, its small and works great,  Can also be used as a dry box for boaters or others trying to protect cameras and electronics.
0,I  have used it at the beaches of Southern California, in canals, white water rapids(Nothing over Class 3) It's held up well. When I first opened the box I was thinking it looked flimsy but I was wrong this is sturdy. Directions could be a tad clearer but most people should understand it.
0,arrived on time worked well and looked good
0,They sort of "go big, or go home" for Halloween at the office. So, I thought I would play. Of course, probably should have talked to security first.
0,absolutely love these pedal...great price
0,My daughter prefers mizuno pants.  They fit her better.  We ordered her a YL. To give you an idea of her build, she is 4'10" and weighs about 75-80 lbs.  She is a tall kinda skinny kid for 9 years old. She is more legs than body.  This will likely be the only year (maybe season) that she can wear these pants.  Fits her in the waist great with some room to spare.  The belt holds them up.  I feel like they are pretty sturdy.  She has had a black pair for two season and they still look great. There is a little lining to protect their buts during a slide, but I also bought her sliding pants to prevent those lovely strawberries I used to get when stealing.
0,Some bolts were missing but were easy to provide. I like the flexibility of,this style ladder system.
0,Great outdoor little banner...GEAUX TIGERS!
0,It's really cute
0,Fits just fine.
0,Love this Paw Patrol helmet. It has a unique feel too it ... not slick and shiny like helmets often are.  I quite like the difference.  And, of course, it's Paw Patrol so my little guy will love it.  Seems to fit as expected.
0,Fantastic tights. Have used them for three seasons now, got in two bike crashes, and there are no signs of wear or tear. Keep me warm in temperatures as low as 20F. If will double layer if it is any colder.
0,I recieved this product in a timely fashion.....and needless to say I LOVE IT!!!! I have been using bands for a couple of years now and i really enjoy using them....the only draw back is me being 6'3 1/2 i have a tendancy to stretch the heck out them and almost have broken a couple of the less expensive ones....but these are tall guy freindly and are build very well....if you want a workout you can take with you, then these are for you.....
0,This sword is LONG i didn't realize just how long a long sword would be until using this long sword from cold steel, Its hard to sheathe this thing when the sheathe is attached to my belt( not the swords fault its just very long) its shard and looks great although it isn't perfect  but i didn't expect perfect for $230, The sword doesn't fit into sheathe evenly and the hilt has a ding in it but these are minor issues with what is otherwise a great sword
0,Awesome set of gloves perfect for Muay thai and boxing.
0,Bought this for my 6 year old. He is playing in a farm 8 and under league and 6 of the 11 players use his bat. This bat has great pop and the sting on the bat is less than the other bats. The sweet spot seems bigger, but more than anything else, the kids hit great and love the bat. We are extremely happy with this purchase.
0,The light is great for a rear light. It can be seen from far away. I commute about 10 miles on the bike (20 miles total) to work and back. It makes a big difference than just having a reflector on the bike. The good thing about this light is you can attach it pretty much anywhere (tail bag, back pack, helmet). It's easy to put on and take off. The mounting bracket sems to be universal. I would buy it again for my other bikes from the Blitzu company. The seem to put out a pretty good product.
0,These are the best that I have found. Larger and thicker than all the others. Again the quality of ProShot products stands out from others. I keep one in each range bag for use after practice and or competition. I also keep one handy in the safe for those times when I am showing off items and need to wipe off prints and body salt.
0,super fun. well made
0,Got about 500 miles on this saddle and it's one of the most comfortable I've ridden.  Getting ready for a cross country that requires a decent saddle for long hours every day.
0,Quick delivery and as described
0,Quick and easy to use.  Holds up very well.
0,love it bought another one
0,Two of my swimmers always wear Speedo Vanquishers.  They fit both of them very well.  The goggles come with different size nose pieces to fit different size faces.
0,The product worked out well,,I had a cable on mine and it was getting bad,,I had to cut off about 4 feet to fit ,,and everything worked.
0,I have a few of these. There is no question that they are much more bother than a basic flickable butane lighter. You are using steel to grind up magnesium, and magnesium is a tougher metal than you'd think. But with persistance you get a small pile of shiny metal shavings, and once you get the hang of striking sparks from the black flint rod, things go well. Lighting the shavings often takes a few attempts. The shavings, once burning, burn HOT and QUICKLY, so the tinder dry, ready and right up against the shavings.		With a lighter you can hold a flame against stubborn tinder until it gets the idea. That won't work here, so plan accordingly.		Magnesium isn't deterred by wet conditions - once it's burning, it will burn completely, leaving very little residue (and what's left is non-toxic.)		Getting the hang of making sparks appears to be an art form, and I'm fairly certain that the flint rod on these vary in quality. On some, sparks are easier than others, and sometimes I resort to using the toothed edge of the iron bar (intended for scraping the magnesium) on the flint. It tears up the flint faster but it makes for a much better shower of sparks.		I've yet to see a child start a fire with one of these - which isn't true of a butane lighter. In some situations that could be a selling point.		I typically grind up less magnesium that is called for - mostly because it's effort and time to grind it. As a result, one of these bars will last me a long time, much longer than a butane lighter (which is typically about the same size and weight). These won't jam, get fussy if wet, or leak butane into your pocket if abused. But neither can you start a fire in two seconds with a single flick of the wrist.
0,If you are looking for a nice cool weather jacket; this may be the jacket for you.  The jacket is comfortable it is like wearing a sleeping bag, without being bulky.  By cool weather jacket I mean this will work great into the low 40's.  I would probably choose something a little heavier if the weather dropped too much into the 30's, but that's just me.		The jacket has zippered pockets and Velcro sleeves to adjust to your desired tastes, and the hood has a neck protector that comes in handy when it is windy.  The jacket is water resistant.  We tested it out by standing under the hose sprayer for a few minutes.  During the test my shirt stayed protected.		The fit of the jacket is slim, but comfortable.  If you prefer bulky loose fitting jackets, then you may want to go up a size.  Otherwise, it is nice to have a winter jacket that doesn't make you look 20 lbs. heavier.  Great jacket. Great price.
0,Love it ! !
0,Covers the trigger for safety. Takes a little effort to pull out so no worries about a loaded weapon falling to the ground.
0,This is a great light.  The only complaint I have is it's so easy to accidentally turn on.  I wish the on/off switch were stiffer.  As it is now anytime I brush against something the on switch gets flipped.  I also prefer this lights mount to the Surefire.  Much easier to put on and take off.
0,These are great. The spout on the lid makes refilling the mag on my son's double eagle M52 airsoft gun very easy. Also, I love the fact that these are biodegradable.
0,I ordered the 4-person tent, and WOW. I'm impressed. A tip for beginners: always order a bigger tent than the label shows. A "2-person" tent really means it can sleep two people in an emergency, if you want to be comfortable, you want to order a tent with double the space. Another way to think about it is that one person plus their gear (backpack, food, etc) is basically two people. I'm expecting to have one guest, so two people plus two packs = 4 person tent.		Pros:	-Instant setup. Really just zip open the bag, toss it in the air, and it lands unfolded. That's it. And it comes from the factory with the rain cover already attached, so it's done. Of course you should stake it down so it resists wind, but honestly you could just throw gear in the corners and you're finished.	-Great size. I'm over 6 feet tall, and this tent is HUGE. I certainly can't stand up inside, but it's more than comfortable for 2 large people to sleep in with extra space for gear.	-Full features. Includes removable rain cover, which protects a huge area of breathable bug net- this tent should ventilate very well. Has two doors, one is an opaque rain cover, the other has breathable bug net. Also has a small device pocket inside to keep important items off the ground, great to protect electronics from any sudden problems. Comes with all the stakes and tie-downs you need.	-Easy to put away, if you're physically sound. It takes some practice and some careful reading of the instructions, but once you know what you're doing, one person can fold this tent up and store it in seconds. Note that you do need to be fairly limber to put this one away as you're dealing with a springy item, so anyone with physical limitations will want to have two people for the job.	-Attractive, high-visibility colors. If you ever need rescuing, this is an easy tent to find.		Cons:	-Cheap zippers. At this price, you do have to be careful, as material may get caught in the zippers and lead to snags. Just be careful and you'll be fine.	-No "porch" area. The door opens at a fairly low angle, so if you're getting in or out in the rain you can expect a lot of water to creep into the front. I'll probably remedy this by hanging a tarp, but it's worth noting that you may want to consider holding an umbrella over the door if you can.		Overall:	Really a brilliant design. It truly does pop up, it's very full-featured for its price range, and the quality is certainly acceptable for a cheap tent. Recommended.
0,Great product.
0,Great quality and fast shipping
0,Great for pinpoint lubrication.
0,Comfy pad! Works great in my stand.
0,I was using a leather gardening glove before I bought this, and after a while, my fingers would hurt. With this, however, they never do. It's comfy, durable, and fit perfectly. I'm quite pleased with it. Now, if you're looking for something that looks like it's a perfect period accessory, it's not going to look like something out of Robin Hood. But given that, there's little bad I can say about it.		There are precious few times I genuinely feel I got my money's worth, and this is one of those times.
0,Works great
0,Just had a shoulder replacement and I need some sort of Ice pack. I have never seen these before, so i didn't know what to expect. After they arrived, I cut them in half and then a few of them into roughly four inch length wise strips. They did exactly as the instructions stated, and I will never purchase another ice pack from a store. Then I left four of them as a complete sheet, and stuck them in the freezer. When I need ice therapy, I took it out of the freezer and let it stand for a few minutes. Then I folded the pack in half and it conformed perfectly around my upper arm and shoulder. It is incredible how long they stay frozen and cold, I'm guessing almost an hour or so on a warm arm. They also stay frozen for several hours in an ice chest for when I need to travel and the shoulder needs a little relief. Thanks for a great product
0,This is a decent quality high density foam roller.  We are definitely getting more life from it that some others we have had in the past.  I would give it 5 stars if it was just a little harder.  I think that this is as hard is it gets for a solid piece of foam.  If you are looking for something harder, I would go with a different material(s)
0,I simply love them. I use them for fishing and can see well into the water because they get rid of the glare so well.
0,Love it.
0,Unfortunately the one I received had a cut from what looked like a box cutter so I had to return it.  However I looked at it well, and it was nicely made with material of good quality so I will reorder from this company.
0,great targets!
0,Works OK for 9MM clip loading
0,Great product!
0,Quick and acurrate. Who could ask for anything more?  Why would you go anywhere else. Do business with them today.
0,I mix it with walnut media and Lyman brass polish in my vibrating tumbler and it does a even better job than when I just used corn cob media.
0,I love the fact that me and my 3yo daughter can fit on this thing together. Im 5 11 200 pounds and she is your average sized 3yo. This does lose a star though as I had a hard time getting the bolt through the steering wheel. Had to use a screw driver to lightly pry at the wheel while I stuck the bold through.
0,Great tights Long Pants for cycling.
0,grate would recommend it
0,This is an excellent carry bag for the money. It would still be excellent if it cost more. I use this bag as my daily emergency/go bag. It also doubles as my shooting bag. I carry water, fire starter, knife and sharpener, paracord, asprin, ammo and pistol. If I were stranded, it can hold all I will need for a short time. I have been carrying it for over a year and I have no complaints. I would buy it again.
0,If you are like us and bought one of these gyms from an individual you more than likely didn't get the DVD that came with it.  I tried working out with just the pictures printed from the internet, didn't work for me.  This DVD is basic perfect for beginners.  The workouts are 6 to 8 minutes, 6 different ones for women and men.  (Another plus to me, my husband and I work out totally different).  I have used our gym more since I got this DVD!  Very pleased and happy I did.
0,Worked great like what was expected of it. Easy to use without the manual. Just remember all the parts are loose and can fall out. But this can make it easier for cleaning and drying of the system itself.
0,Ordered this sling mount for a take down 10/22. The front mount for the barrel band was too wide but my gun smith was able to grind down sufficiently to make a snug fit. I like these sling swivels.
0,Great size Camelbak for dirt biking. It doesn't get in the way while riding. The little zipper pouch is just the right size for a cell phone and money.
0,Works very well so far.
0,Typical trisuit.  Comfortable when racing and doesn't rub.  I like that the sports bra is separate from the suit.  No butt padding so don't purchase if you're looking for some extra cushion on the bike.
0,One of the other reviewers said these aren't exactly black and he's right. They look more gun metal dark grey, but they look AWESOME.		My recently purchased Specialized Camber 29 had aluminium spoke nipples that after having the bike about 4 months I was breaking spoke nipples at a rate of about once a week. Specialized says that's normal and of course isn't covered by warranty. I've had other bikes all with brass nipples and never had an issue.		It took just over three hours to change all 64 nipples and tune my wheels and many of the aluminium nipples broke as I removed them.		The machine work on all of these Wheelsmith nipples appears perfect and given that brass is way stronger than aluminum, I know my wheels are stronger.		My wheels and spokes are black, but the black chrome look of the nipples looks absolutely beautiful. I didn't find a single nipple that had any sort of defect and the finish shows no marks at all from my spoke wrench.		You can't go wrong with these...
0,My son loves his new hockey binder. He can store lots of cards
0,I love camelbak products. They are easy to use and the suction is better than other similar bottles. I do wish they were a bit more drop proof. This lid ended up leaking after I dropped it one time. I will just have to be less clumsy I guess.
0,Great self defense pens at a fraction of the price.
0,Good but not better than the old one I had.
0,Not too big, well designed and very useful. I've used this for about 4 months on various short hikes in the Redwoods and it has held up nicely.
0,Omg this thing is a blast! We use it with our Airsoft guns and the bbs stick right to it. You can remove them by hand (I use small players) or They will eventually drop down into the tray saving the bbs to reuse and not creating a mess of bbs all over your yard! We are having so much fun with it. It is smaller than expected but it fine at this size
0,I bought this light after watching the videos, they were right on. This light can be seen far off and the different modes truly make people notice you. The lasers work great, I ride a trike with two wheels in front and one in the rear and the lasers show people that is a good width so I feel very safe out in the evening.
0,I will be buying these for all of my bikes!
0,Completely happy with this purchase.  Hooks are very sharp and I like their circle hook design.
0,It does the job comes with everything - spotting out to 200 yards possible	Lower end fittings on the tripod etc but for the price ok and workable	The plastic handle came off the carry case and the unit fell to the ground  the second time I picked it up ??? ridiculous.
0,Excellent fit for a 1935 mauser stock
0,Great quality and these work wonderfully and look awesome also. I have them on an 18 year old Kona AA mtb. The price to quality ratio on these is huge. I would not hesitate to purchase these at all.		My wife feels very safe with these pedals.
0,Worked great on my pool table.  U need these if you're replacing the bumpers on your rails.  Easy to cut with scissors.
0,I have used this model for 35 years and I use it almost every day.  I depend on it so i have no hesitation in recommending it to others.  It is small and unobtrusive in a suit coat or trouser pocket.  You won't realize how handy it is until you have one.
0,I washed my old fit bit once to many times.  Apparently 3 is the max.  I ordered 3 other models and hated every one of them so I am back to Fit Bit One.
0,Got this for my 2 year old. She has a big head for her age but since this is rated for ages 3-8 it fits her nicely.	I haven't noticed any fogging (yet) - we've used it 3 times already in a fresh water pool. My daughter likes it so much she whimpers whenever it's time to take them off.	Great product Finis!
0,pellets lol
0,I received a curvy bottle - not the one pictured - but its ok
0,I also own the doublenest hammock by Eagle's Nest Outfitters, which is also rated at 400 pounds. While that hammock packs down to the size of a grapefruit (not much different than this one!), it also cost me more than twice the price of this hammock. As far as quality and feel - the Ten after Twelve hammock has great stitching, and you can tell it is really built to last. The carabiners included are very durable and I trust them to hold the hammock up.		The Ten after Twelve hammock includes two small ropes meant to tie around a tree and clip into the carabiner at the end of the hammock itself. If you can afford it, I'd really recommend buying some hammock straps. I have a few pairs, since I hike and camp a lot. My favorite are the Atlas Straps - also made by ENO.		For the value of this hammock alone - I give it five stars. Strongly recommended for anybody looking for a nice, roomy hammock. If packing it is an issue, you might want to pay more for a hammock that packs down smaller, such as the ENO singlenest.		Note: I did receive this at a discount in exchange for my honest review. I have not been compensated by the company anyway and these are in fact my unbiased opinions.
0,Good solid product. These aren't very complicated items but it works like it should.
0,Perfect!
0,used this on eyewear haven't lost them yet
0,If the size is fit to buy again.
0,Much better than a wrist release in my opinion as it is easier to use and more comfortable. With this release I do not have to reach for the trigger so it makes it harder for me to pull shots, it is easier for me to draw, and especially hold drawn.  The color is great, and most of the time it is very quiet to use and does not have the click that most other releases have. The adjustability is pretty good though, and the lifetime warranty is great, although there isn't too much to go wrong		There are a few drawbacks though, mine got really squeaky after the first day using it, but that was easily fixed by opening up the release and resitting the spring. The edge that sits against my pinky is my least favorite part though as it almost feels like it should be a 4 finger and it makes it a little uncomfortable after shooting a lot in a day		Overall, this is my first thumb release and I think it is an excellent option for a first, backup, or even a main. I will continue using it until I can either find a good deal on a Scott exxus core
0,The Marines use it. Nuff' said...
0,Very nice and bright.  I bought one for my son and one for myself.
0,It's the best and the 3rd one I've purchased---it's Kimber what else can I say. I've recommeden this to several friends.
0,it's fully lined and fits comfortably. I'm 5' 2'' and 110. size 30 fits me well. will see how long it lasts)
0,Top notch firesteel ! Superior quality. The capsule part of it is made of aircraft aluminum and will hold a tinder quick or a half of a cottonball . It comes with a spare o-ring, so you can have confidence that your tinder is not gonna get wet. The firesteel is a good quality ferocium rod that is not soft like the cheap ones , which will last ALOT longer.  Throws showers of sparks and is easy to operate. Has textured grooves on the outside of the capsule for  a good grip while striking.  When you do use it up , just get online and order the replacement rod. One end is threaded so you don't have to buy a whole new unit . If your looking for a good quality firesteel that you can rely on when the shtf and your life is on the line, then look no further. Great product you can depend on.
0,Being my first stand to repair bikes but after having repaired some using it, there is no doubt about this great Park Tool creation.		The stand is rough and stable. The clamp is easy to use and secure, just plan ahead how you want your bike to be positioned for service before you clamp it. This will avoid unnecessary pulling up the bike to clamp it as desired.		Once the job is done, you can collapse the stand to a fairly compact arrangement which can be asily stored or carried in your vehicle.		I missed to order the work tray which I consider a must for any service. I'm ordering ot today!
0,Bell has been making helmets for airmen, race car drivers, and a host of others. I believe in their products and I also like the color combinations on this helmet. Good fit, lightweight, it has what I'm looking for. A helmet is like any kind of insurance...you don't need till you really need it but if you do, you'll be very thankful that you have it.
0,Fit perfect and arrived early!!
0,very comfortable
0,Very happy with it for the $ it's no $350 cooler but but I'll happily buy this again every few years over paying $350 plus for one same size.	Have a Great Day!	Patrick	FloppyHatPhotos on YouTube
0,Works great
0,VERY LARGE!  The DoubleNest is larger than you need for one person.  You can fully cocoon yourself inside this hammock.  Comfortable, easy to transport and available in a variety of colors.
0,works great.
0,Much easier to use than the multi-head sharpeners. I used a stone sharpening oil (because I couldn't find my WD40) and that allowed a more accurate placement of the oil without the smell. Sharpening was effortless and produced fantastic grooves. After wiping off the oil and grit, i used an old toothbrush to gently sweep out any crud still left in the grooves or on the club face. Couldn't possibly be any happier with this tool.
0,Works great.
0,Since I purchased this its grown on me. I use to like the recon 1 better but now that is my current favorite knife I own. The only real problem I have with it is the handle. The shale and thinnes is perfect. However the aluminum is too slick. When your hands are cold or sweaty ita very slippery.  I paired it with a textured flat black rustoleum. It's peeling but that loo doesn't bother me. It gave it just enough more grip to make it that much better and make it my favorite out of what I have now.		The new versions come with a better steel but the aus8 has been great and is a fantastic steel. They should add knurling to it.		As is though... If yoy can customize It yourself it can be the perfect uniquie knife youve always wanted.
0,Awesome scope. Magnification is excellent, glass is clear and bright, tracks great, positive clicks ....eye relief is tight though but that is to be expected on a 20x fixed. Perfect for a benchrest  rifle
0,Best thing I can do is compare these to a set of Nike cones.  The Nike cones were about $0.80 each (at a discount store, way more than that ordering online) these are about half the cheapest price I could find.  For the difference in price, these are definitely the way to go.  The plastic is thinner than the Nike cones but as long as they are durable, there is no problem with that.  The ad on Amazon does a good job of showing what's in the box and the description is accurate. Too cold to take them outside right now, but I have stepped on, kicked, twisted a few of them to see how they hold up.  They will lose their shape slightly, but do come back especially if you help them along a little.		Attached are pics of one of the cones next to the Nike cone.  Again, the Nike cones are thicker, a little taller and the inner edge of the Nike cones are a lot cleaner.  You are paying twice as much for that though.  If you need some durable inexpensive cones for a kids league or home use, you really can't beat the price for these.  Can't comment yet on long term use, but will update when it warms up and start getting a lot of use from them.
0,Good quality product.
0,Great gift for my dad. good quality, good price, fast delivery
0,Great little light, rechargeable,
0,I had yoga pants from wal-mart that fit really well, size large. I bought these in a large as well and they are tighter than the wal-mart ones. I did find they were a bit sheer when stretched around "thunder thighs". I am 5'6'' and about 150lbs. Great length and I am sure a better fit when I lose a few pounds :)
0,this umbrella was a life saver during my kids soccer games. it worked well and I could fit myself and two of my other kids underneath. it did flip out during a crazy wind storm, but this is to be expected.
0,If you own a firearm then buy this product. Best oil/grease money can buy..makes new autos fire like they are broken in and helps with cleaning. US made too.
0,These are excellent goggles for outdoor swimming since they keep your eyes comfortable from sun's rays. Most importantly, I like these goggles because they fit my eyes in a perfect manner and it never lets any water leak in. Also, i never seriously thought that these goggles could be this good against fogging.
0,It's a decent inexpensive watch.  You get what you pay for and you should be happy with this watch.  The outer rim on the face is raised a bit to protect the face from being scratched.  The light is bright enough to show the entire watch face.
1,Hi-Performance light-pipe fell out the 2nd time I shot the gun. Probably lasted ~20 rounds. Won't be doing that foolishness again. Lesson learned.
1,Vest arrived 6 days after it was ordered.  Got the vest and it looked like  a return that was forwarded to me!  Vest came jammed in a flate rate USPS box wrapped in a plastic bag.  Received NO instructions whatsoever on how to assemble the 3 complicated straps that allow you to actually use the vest.  This is obviously a safety issue that the consumer is left to figure out on his/her own.
1,Water tastes like metal, when drinking from this brand.		My 7 year old son said the water tasted "funny". I tasted it and spit it out, due to the bad metal taste.
1,Bought these about a week ago because my stock tube was leaking air and had to be replaced. Installed them, inflated to the proper tire pressure as marked on the tire (tube didn't have any psi recommendations). Rode MAYBE two times (6 miles each time) and then it started letting out air overnight, didn't think too much of it and inflated them again, sure enough now they let out air after about a mile. Got stranded halfway to the gym today and had to walk home, needless to say my workout got ruined. I hope the seller sees this and helps me out because this was just a terrible experience.
1,Skeeters still ate me. Fingers crossed there's no WNV in my body. One of the bands mesh holders came out of stitch with the scent bar installed. NOT a one size fits all too tight for my wrist.
1,made weird  if you order please keep in mind you should order two sizes up
1,Works on my XD 9 4". Not a perfect fit using the 2nd from largest rubber adapter. It is a little loose and falls out, but does stay tight enough to help adjust sights.		Downgraded to 1 star. Laser quit working after 3 uses, yes, even with new batteries.
1,Unfortunately, they arrived without a packing slip for return for a size larger.  I am very disappointed,, ,  because my husband who is handicapped could have worn them.  They're on a shelf in the closet now!
1,I threw it away. I practiced using it in the shower and toilet, and it was difficult to get the placement correct so you are not peeing all over your hand or down your leg. As for discreetly peeing in public somewhere, which is necessary living in San Francisco where there are disgusting porta pottys with long lines at events, forget it. You will end up peeing all over yourself- drunk or sober- and that ruins the day. just learn to squat and aim.
1,Cheap net, not worth the $50 savings. You get what you pay for.  The product is light, its a knockoff and must be used by a small child in a windless environment or otherwise will tip over.  The quality of the netting is sub-par compared to a Bownet.  Lifetime warranty doesnt help if I am always replacing parts.
1,It's Under Armour so its going to be awesome. Product looks and feels great. The fitted sizing is true as always. My problem was the cocky attitude of the seller. If you can get it somewhere else, you should!
1,I have bought over 20 of these over the years. Up until this last one I thought the only one to buy was this one. BUT the Striker on this last one was made of a different material and a different color compared to the last one I acquired. This latest striker is softer and will not strike a spark commensurate with the reputation I have experienced in the past. I have pictures of an older one and the latest one that does not work side by side. I have sent light my fire an email about this but I guess the fire is out. Probably going to china.
1,Just another cool looking bracelet. Didn't last long. Broke in half and the clear part where the "titanium" is filled up with black water
1,Very hard to aim with this bow.
1,this turned out ot be kind of a waste. it works ok, but it's got a plug and i don't want to inflate the huge pool toys in the house.
1,Bought this with the set of  the low and medium tee's, I just find them to tall for my driver shot. Will be stuck in the drawer for a long time.
1,This thing is pretty cheap. I attached it using the velcro and clipped it in but literally any time I ride over a bump on my bike the whole basket pops off. Its actually kind of a hazard. I have also had my shoes and items come flying out and into the road while riding. I secured it as tight as possible but this seems to be a flaw of the design
1,So Small, the size of my head is perfect, it totally fits but the hat its small
1,Someone else might like it, but I think it is too expensive for what it is.
1,The style of the pack is great. But the main zipper fails easily and often, making the whole bag useless.	Ka-Bar has discontinued this item.		TOMAR'S KA-BAR KNIVES would not give a refund because I was a few days over the 30 day limit. Not happy with them at all!		Ka-Bar said they'll do an exchange. I hope some zippers are better than the one I received, but I wouldn't take the gamble if I could help it.
1,Cheap materials.  Mask fogged up quickly, water seeped in from the sides, and the plastic piece that connects the mask to snorkel broke off on first use.
1,The plastic materials of this bed are so pungent, I could smell it in all 1200 sq. ft of my apartment.  It smells like one of those inflatable rafts for the pool, but multiplied MANY times over.  If you decided to get one of these, plan on having it "air out" in your garage for I don't know how long. Personally, I could not sleep with that odor right underneath me, it's unbearable.  I don't consider my sense of smell to be all that great.		I'm a little surprised others have not brought up this issue so much in the reviews.  Maybe mine was unusually stinky or a new material was used in fabrication.  I strongly advise ensuring you can return it, if you do decided to buy it.  Actually, I will look into another brand, as this was actually quite comfortable and I love the technology.  But the smell, ugh.
1,Very loose, stock moves about 1-1 1/2" at the rear when in the open position.
1,the screw holding the clip is too bulky as it sits on a top of a second layer of letter. the top is also very wide and make concealment hard.
1,lived about a year.
1,The insoles quickly wore out. 120 dollars and one week of wear later I have unwearable shoes
1,GARBAGE. THESE MINI-BOLTS CONSTANLY BREAK OFF AT THE FIN. i RECOMMEND ONLY BUYING THIS PRODUCT IF YOU WANT TO WASTE YOUR MONEY. YOU MAY GET MORE JOY OUT OF THE SAME AMOUNT OF MONEY, IF YOU JUST THREW THAT MONEY OUT THE WINDOW OF A MOVING CAR THAT YOU ARE IN GIVING SOMEONE ELSE A CHANCE AT A GOOD TIME.
1,This would be a good chair but found out two things. 1 Chair max rating is 275 Not 300 per tag on Chair. 2. The front leg rides right in to your n** sack !
1,Purchased to go with new tires for my road bike.  First tube went in as expected but second tube was defective.  This meant un-mounting the first wheel, and breaking the tire lose again, to remove the good tube so I could return them both.  Ugh.
1,Don't let the "pack of 2" confuse you. It's one pair; not sure who sells 1 compression sleeve but when they slapped the "pack of 2" logo on its very deceiving. The sleeves are short and mine was already fraying quite a bit. sent them back.
1,sent it back too small for my table even though description said it would fit, be careful with measurements with this cover
1,These have a couple of  problems:	1) The velcro comes off from the clips. Day 1 they came off when I tried to remove the holster. Note that I have used other V-Clips that do not have this problem. I tried using the glue that another reviewer mentioned and the velcro still came off.	2) The clips do not come with the screws you need to install them. But, for some reason, they came with an allen wrench. Um thanks for the random allen wrench but a couple of screws would have been much more appreciated.
1,Bought the Allen 102S bike rack to carry two bikes to the beach on the back of my BMW 325xi. After spending an hour trying to get the thing mounted and bikes attached, I ended up pulling the whole thing off and returning it.		Here's why I returned it. The only thing holding this bike rack to the car are the nylon straps. Without the straps, the whole unit falls to the ground. If one strap fails, the same result. It's basically a friction mount held in place by the strap tension. The top bar rests on the trunk and the lower bar presses against the license plate (bending it inward). Granted the bars are coated with foam, but I could see the trunk flexing under the weight of the bikes which will surely leave a dent. The top two straps are secured to the trunk lip by metal clips. The bottom straps are secured in a similar fashion. The problem is when the top straps are cinched tight, the clips angle upwards and pinch against the rear window glass. One or two good bumps and the rear window would have cracked for sure (to be fair, this is due to the way the BMW is designed, other cars may not experience this issue).		Once I got everything tight and bikes installed, I was VERY worried that one of the straps would pop loose sending the rack (and bikes) onto the road behind me. It was not very secure by any stretch of the imagination, IMHO. Between the trunk flexing, the licence plate bending, and the whole thing wriggling around, I wasn't left with any confidence that this thing would stay put and not destroy my car. Off it came, and back it went.		I ended up buying a class 1 trailer hitch (30 minutes to install) and a receiver mounted bike rack and was VERY happy with the result. Made a 300 mile round trip to the beach and back and the bikes never moved an inch.		The trunk mount rack is clearly a quick and dirty way of attaching bikes to your car. My philosophy is do the job right and not cut corners. If you don't have a trailer hitch, install one. They're available for practically any car. And the receiver-mounted racks are so much more stable.
1,very disappointed i have two pairs of this underware that are over 20 years old tag says made in the USA  that look ten times better than the new ones that i have worn for six months and look terrible the tag  states made in CHINA  ill never buy them again don't waste your money on this garbage
1,I put this on with a FC-3550, and it just feels like it's going to break. That being said, it has not broken. I will be swapping it out for a different crankset and BB so i can get some metal in my BB.
1,Not sure if it is a cheap wick that comes with this product or if something else is defective but the wick in my lantern burned completely out after less than 1 hours use.  The knob that adjusts the wick also broke and stopped working.  I bought an almost identical lantern at Wal-Mart in the camping section for $6.00 (I paid $9.00 + shipping for this one) and it works 5 times better than this one.  I bought this one because I wanted to try out a lantern and this one was cheap but I would advise anyone in a similar scenario to buy a lantern other than this one.
1,didnt catch a thing with this :-(  maybe it was the guy on the other end of the line.
1,We bought these in March and had not really used them until this past month. The wrap on the handles just starting coming off we had to try and tape back on. This made it difficult to throw. Very bad design and now too late to return. We tried to duct tape the cord but that didn't work either.	It would be great if the company would at least replace but no contact information listed
1,I found it to be too tight and stiff. Also I couldn't get the circular flap to stay down, it just kept popping up like hem on an old shirt. This product just doesn't make sense, to get shot in the neck you have to be playing aggressively, and if you're doing that you're not going to be able to stand this thing fighting you every time you try to look down or turn your head.		There's a guy at the field that has a larger one that sort of looks like to collar on a EOD suit. It looks pretty comfortable. I guess I'll need to find out where he got it because this is nothing like that.
1,It is made of plastic. Worst shirt I ever owned.  I received one of these for Christmas and it was too large, so I returned it and ordered one size smaller.  Well the next shirt I received was made of plastic and I couldn't even get it on because it was so small.  I am not sure if they switched the material between orders but it sucks.  It also looks like plastic so it isn't even something you would want to wear.  Avoid.  Well avoid unless you are a Patriots fan because you guys deserve a shirt like this.
1,Seeing how my light band started splitting when less than 2 weeks old. I cant say I have high hope for these. Time will tell I guess. I do like the evenness of the bands but safety is my concern also. Considering these cost much more than most band sets I expected better longevity.
1,It's not the shape of the drum and feather - the whole square that the other picture shows is the sticker. If you want just the drum and feather you have to cut it out by hand. Additionally, when you put it on a window, the sticker is so thin that it doesn't appear to be white -it shows up almost clear through. Don't buy this.
1,I bought one of these about a year ago and it had a minor leak but it served the purpose. I bought a second one and it's a total piece of junk. It' allows 15-20 PSI worth of air to escape every time you use it.
1,Great product, however look elsewhere for a french press unless you like a lot of coffee grind in your coffee.
1,Not a very durable lure...
1,These are advertised as latex free.  When they arrived and you read the package, it states that it contains natural latex.  DO NOT buy this if you have a latex allergy.
1,They did not fit the Schwinn bike that I purchased and that they said they were "supposed to fit".  The directions were very poor !!!!
1,Nice look, but overall a poorly cheaply made board from China.
1,cheap
1,The most uncomfortable things I have ever put on my feet.
1,Just bought three of these from another place. Package with same model number, advertised as 30 amps now clearly states 20 amps in the shoreline packaging.		I have emailed shoreline and will update this review when I get a response, because 20 amps is a big drop from 30.
1,super short, unsteady, the bag fell off every time no matter how much we secured it meaning you know what comes spewing out the sides when it drops. The top piece doesn't stay put and the main plastic toilet cracked and broke the first time we sat on it. We tried to jerry rig the bag so it would stay put by wrapping it over the entire seat and tying it in a knot underneath but this meant you lost some of the height on your bag and your potty business splashes back at you. Finally we found it stayed a little better if you put the edges of the bag over the toilet and then onto the sliver holders and press the whole toilet on-top of that it did stay when we tried that 3rd method but seems like to much work for a portable toilet  Can anyone recommend a better option as we are past 30 days and cannot return :(
1,Inaccurate colors, high waist, good material, functional zippers.
1,Too loud and draws attention to bike
1,String is good, but tips cracked after three shots.
1,Good thank you
1,Orvis is a great company. So I felt that if they stood behind a product that it would be fine. However,(unfortunately) it didn't turn out that way for me. The only thing that solves the problem is threaders. Yes- the fly fishing version of needle threaders. I've tried all the products on the market - none of them work consistently- read not reliable on the water-especially for flies smaller than 16(which is exactly the size I need it for.
1,Cheap light, cheap case, poor injection on the plastic, throw tactical on it and you will get people excited. Not worth the money.
1,I think this rashguard is just OK. I have another O'Neill rashguard that is short-sleeved, and I like that one much better. The fit was more exact... this one was a little baggy in odd places.		Also, here's the biggest problem I have with this rashguard: I didn't put 2 and 2 together when I bought it, but be warned that when you wear this out in the sun for a bit, you'll end up with a pretty odd-looking tan line. Basically, your arms will not be tanned at all, because they were protected by the rashguard, but your HANDS will be a darker color. (This is what happened with me, even though I applied SPF to my hands.) It looks really weird!		My short-sleeved rashguard gives me a tan line on my upper arms, which is more OK with me. (The biggest parts of me that I want to cover and protect are my decolletage, shoulders, and back, and the short-sleeved O'Neill covers all that.)
1,I am a certified PSIA (Ski Instructor) and the picture is of skis not a snowboard so no use for my skis. I mis-read Snowboard bag. Never used for my 170 cm skis.
1,You get what you pay for. Mine is loose and jiggles. It is not tight and when you look through the magnifier I mounted in it, it doesn't stay on target. Not sure if I got defective one or just cheaply built. Should have some way to tighten the hinge or have since short of washers or shims to add.
1,This isn't gorilla glass contrary to what the title says. And I could live with that I suppose except for the fact that the plastic sits so far off the screen that you have to press hard against it in order for the screen to recognize the touch. It's too bad, I liked the color and absolutely loved the fact that it had a spot to add a strap to it. Not enough cases have that option. Sadly I'll be sending this back
1,Smooth action but no bade retention. When tighting the pivot screw so the blade won't open it won't work as a flipper. Not what I expected for the price.
1,Junk.  Not usable.  Bad purchase.
1,Like most people I wanted a simple device to work my abs and this was looking like the right product to buy. I watched the videos of the guy using it and it looked promising so I purchased it with much anticipation. Once I used it....I felt nothing. I made sure I was using it correctly and I didn't feel anything being worked while using it or felt any pain the next day from using it. Bear in mind, this may work for some, I'm not saying don't buy this it for sure won't work, I'm saying you are taking a chance with this product, it may work wonders for your abs, it may not. Different people need different ab exercises. You want a sure fire way to get toned abs? Buy a kettlebell and research ab exercises you can do with it, that's what I'm doing and it's worked out pretty well. Sure it's old fashioned, but sometimes the old way is the best way.
1,too small
1,I liked the idea. Flipped out of the way when not in use.  However I had to purchase a different set because I could not get enough adjustment from the sights. They wouldnt zero. Havent figured out if new (different brand) set is the same yet. Will try to update when that is determined. Would not recommend.
1,I had high hopes for this gadget; however, that was short-lived. The quality of the item was extremely disappointing!!! The Mic/Receiver felt ok; however the satellite-looking reflector was made of a hallow plastic. It literally felt like and resembled a shield that a kid would play with. It did a horrible job reflecting sound. The headphone/headset felt like a $5-10 pair that came from a discount store. I kept hearing a crackling sound resembling a speaker wire with a shortage. The ear pads were Ok but the headset as a whole just did not feel good. I handled them carefully as they seemed a bit fragile. Given the fact the the deflector/reflector "shield" was a joke, the company certainly could have included a respectable headset, especially at this price range. I really can't judge the microphone because I feel like the "shield" and headphones were of such low quality that the quality of the microphone probably would not help much. Maybe it was fine, maybe not...but it did feel sturdy enough and was the ONLY thing in this set that felt decent.		Nonetheless, the overall sound was absolutely horrible. I kept playing with the adjustments, volume knob and such but was never able to hear anything clear, except for myself. Both me and my husband used the devise moving around to different rooms and speaking at varying levels. We just could not make out anything the other was saying, unless we said something so loud, we could actually hear it even without the device. Almost everything was muffled; we both could  hear something but could not make out what was being said. My husband's hearing is very good, which is why I had him try it as well. We both had the same crappy results.		For such a steep price, this company ought to be ashamed to sell something of such low quality. Aside from the microphone, if I did not know what thought I was purchasing, I would have sworn it was a kids surveillance toy. I have seen some in the big box stores for about 75% lower that the price of this and was about the same quality.		Maybe I received a faulty set...however, I honestly cannot imagine that the cheap-feeling shield and headphones could every produce a decent sound even if the microphone was good. I think I would have felt better about the purchase if the items seemed of better quality. This is the first one I have ever tried and don't think I will ever mess with another one that states it has a plastic shield...I think that may be a dead give-away of the lack of quality the complete set will have.		I guess I will keep looking for a listening device that is affordable and most importantly one that allows me to clearly sounds hear from a distance. In reality, I would not have cared so much about each item's feel/materials if together, they produced a clear sound/sounds. I most certainly returned this item and Amazon was great through the whole process. I will end this review in saying that I would never recommend this item; however, if you do bite the bullet and go for it, you REALLY, REALLY might want to purchase it directly from Amazon or by a seller that has the item fulfilled by Amazon. I say this because I believe there is a high likelihood that you may be returning it and will want it to go smoothly!!! Good luck on what ever device you choose and hope your experience will be better than mine!!!
1,It does not fit or work in a Glock 17. Wasted money
1,The units as a whole are a lot smaller than I expected, so a little hard to handle.	I had hoped that the plug would be able to be taken in and out while in your ear, so you could listen if you needed to. Unfortunately the units and the tabs are too small to do that without removing them from your ears.	They fit well and are comfortable though.
1,This thing kinda sucks, right out of the box, the on/off switch was hanging off, wires showing so I superglued it back on... my biggest issue is all I see is a reflection through the sights, smh, it can't even do what it's supposed to
1,to big to hold a regular water bottle
1,+Poor instructions w/o corresponding piece labels.	+Base is very difficult to fill and will not hold full amount. (Sand)	+Only a fair value. Only recommend because there are no other alternatives at price point.		The instructions to put this together were nonexistent. The illustrated instructions had label numbers, but there were no such numbers on any of the pieces. There were no words on the instructions and the combination of these allowed for mistakes to be made easily. Additionally it calls for 319lbs of sand, but putting this sand into the base is impossible. They should put the hole at an end and make it a little bigger. All in all it took me 4-5 hours to put this thing up. It took an hour and a half to put it up and fix the mistakes, and 3.5 hours to move, fill and establish a reasonable method to fill the 300lbs of sand into the holes. A funnel which they recommend does not work well at all.	Once the hoop is up it works well and seems to be a fair value at just under $100.00, but I would not recommend using the sand unless you live in a high risk of theft neighborhood.
1,Worse quality control compared to previous feiyue purchases, though I normally get the da fu ones with the circle on the bottom. The left shoe has quite a bit more thickness to it that the right near the edge of the foot. Sizing was as expected for other feiyue though.
1,The description and the shirt do NOT match - I ordered the shirt in the picture and that's not what I received. Apparently I'm not the first person this has happened to, after reading other reviews but apparently the seller doesn't have to change anything and can continue to mislead customers. Very crappy!
1,material way too thick and stiff  for my comfort
1,Strange fitting shirt. I'm 5"9, 225lbs with a muscular stocky build. The sleeves were sort of baggy but stopped at my elbow. The shirt was short and stopped right above my waste. Had to return it.
1,crap tip and black part broke on first shot
1,Maybe good for kids or women but definitely don't buy if you are an adult male as your pinky will not even fit on the grip.
1,They're nice because they're fast and more secure then cheap clips.  The thinner all metal version of these are frankly a better product in every sense of the word.		These are less secure then the regular metal clips, if you oly lift you'll want more than just these.		These are VERY fragile, if you oly lift you'll likely break them within a year or two.
1,I hate that there is a panty patch. It's this big patch thing in the crotch that totally shows out of the leotard when my daughter does any type of spiral. Disappointed in Chloe Noel for such poor design. It looks like a maxi pad!!! What a waste of money.
1,Great quality I had high hopes and then I got it on my spotting scope and the Velcro strap was a joke. I could never get it adjusted right no matter what I tried. Great concept but unfortunately its needs work.
1,Average and fogs up a lot
1,A 2 person tent?? Its so small, its only big enough for 1 child!!!!	If looking for a 2 person tent, don't look here.
1,I would return this, but the seller is charging shipping. Assembly was straightforward and it seemed like this would do the trick, but I quickly found that the lock is too narrow to fit most bike racks. It'll do for streetsigns and such, but that's not a great idea when my town (and school and work) has so many high quality bike racks, that this lock does not fit!! Also the front light is quite heavy and the cheap plastic mounting comes loose and needs to be re-tightened every ride or two to prevent from flopping all around my handlebar.
1,THE MANUFACTURER SAYS THE MATTRESS IS STRETCHING WHEN IN ACTUALITY IT IS DEFLATING. I WOKE UP PRACTICALLY ON THE FLOOR AFTER A HORRIFIC NIGHT OF TOSSING AND TURNING. IT LOOSES AIR DURING THE NIGHT. ITS A RIPOFF!!!	DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!!!
1,I bought this to check and adjust the sights on my 1911 Springfield Range Officer. Following the directions it showed my sights were about 7 inches low and about eight inches to the right at 25 meters. When I adjusted the sights (be sure to write down any adjustments before moving sights) to match the laser dot and than taking it to the range I found I was shooting 3 inches down still and nearly a foot to the left. Putting the sights back to the original settings, plus two clicks more to the right, corrected my windage. The elevation needed no adjustment. Very dissapointed and what a waste of money, but then again Sightmark started making the bore-sights in China!
1,Its bright. Seems pretty sturdy, but come on,  I talk louder then the audible alarm!  They say its a 90 decibel alarm?  Id have to have it professionally tested to believe that.  Heck my 7 lb, afraid of leaf movement dog just looked at it when she set it off.  The bears or 2 legged snakes might laugh themselves out of my camp, but this thing won't scare them.  Back it goes.  Dang it.
1,i think they're cute, but all the girls i bought them for weren't as enthusiastic.  at any rate, they are a great way to show off your team spirit.
1,Not great. The plastic warped in about two weeks. Not even usable after a month. Don't waste your money. Had to order twice because first shipment only had one fin in it.
1,I received an all orange cheaper painted(1 thin coat) knock-off/counter-fit product. Product rings bent. Too Much of a Hassle + Money 2 Return. Don't Buy!
1,Did not fit my 45
1,I was stoked to get this thing, and was still excited upon opening, but once I tried to load the clip I was immediately let down.  The hole is almost exactly the size of the bb which requires you to load each bb individualy by hand.  Very time consuming.  Its also pretty loud. Also, the hing that allows the stock to swing out or collapse is very cheesy.  I think its overpriced and would love to get rid of it if I knew a buyer.  Would I recommend to a friend??  NO.  Save your money.
1,Very poor fit, obviously made for the 42 and they are marketing it as fitting the 43 as well.
1,Great case, but even tho it said orange in the name the pic was black. Put an orange picture up so there is no confusion. Other than that it is the best way to protect your firearm.
1,Definitely not 2" thick! False advertisement for sure. The mat is well made and beautiful but thickness is certainly lacking. I was dissatisfied so I returned and bought the heavy duty 2" thick nap mat which is simpler but more practical for us.
1,Being 6'1" and using the MTB for commuting I purchased this riser together with the Wald 8038GB handlebar and installed them on my bike in January 2013. The difference was great, and I first loved this stem raiser and gave it 5 stars. The stem riser was in great shape and fitted just perfectly.		But with use some significant minuses came out. First, I had to tighten it down, several times beyond the normal expected "break- and settle in time", once even beyond the normal torque and using a lever. But it kept loosening up again and again... a dangerous condition! And lately, the stem riser started to bend slightly (after 1-1/2 years / 2400 miles of heavy duty, but normal use). Steel is not so prone to sudden failure like other materials, but I won't stand the chance- I am getting rid of this and rather use a 9" rise handlebar to get the right height for my needs.		Notes:	1) Measure twice, purchase once! Get a caliper and measure the diameter of your steering tube and stem to get the right thing the first time... there are several diameters out there.	2) Inserted all the way into the steering tube, and the stem inserted all the way into the riser (that's how I used it), the height increment is 4 inches. Extension to 6-7 inches might be possible. Make sure to watch the minimum insert marks on the stem.
1,Horrible knife! Bad quality! Get the S&W CK5TBS  instead!
1,Needle nose pliers work better.
1,Used maybe ten minutes bracket broke fell into the water...... gone to Davey Jones locker
1,Its a gorgeous mat, Ill give it that. -but unfortunately it doesnt deliver at all on being the grippy mat designed for hot yoga that it promised to be (which is why I bought it). I intitially got it as a gift for someone who sweats a lot in hot yoga and was looking for a super grippy mat designed to be sweat on. She was immediately disappointed by how slippery it was so I reached out to customer support who said that the mat has a saturation point and can only take so much and that I should try washing it to activate the grippiness. Sure, why not. We tried that and it still was slipping all over the place so we gave up and I decided to use it myself since I don't sweat that much. Maybe my friend just sweats way too much lol. Unfortunately I also slid all over the place on this mat even though Im not sweating as much. Ive tried getting it a little wet first, Ive tried not getting it wet, washing it again, nothing helps. Super disappointing and honestly starting to make me form bad habits since I cant trust it to stick. Customer support told me I could return it before 30 days, but between the initial person I gave this as a gift to trying it out and me giving them the benefit of the doubt and trying it as well the return window closed and Im now stuck with a mat that doesnt work. Maybe I got a weird defective one, but my experience has been a huge bummer. Customer support made me feel like either I was lying, doing something wrong or like sweat an unreasonable amount, which in any of those cases is a terrible customer service experience.
1,The wood is so cheap they couldn't even make the racket flat.	A irregularly curved racket??? seriously???	Even the cheapest ping pong racket isn't this cheap!!!	The wooden racket broke after 10 mins of play.
1,difficult to use. uncomfortable
1,pros: it will keep your coffee very hot for a long amount of time its a con for me tho because i like to sipp my coffee slowly n warm not extremely hott where it stains my teeth and burn the heck outta my tongue.		cons: first off, its too damn big i shouldnt have got a 16 ounce it was just too hard for me to travel around with it way too big and next off the hole on lid is too big when i change the lid to open i was sipping it was leaking on the side of my face all the way to my neck and i had coffee all over my shirt decent  mug but only real problem is the lid hole being too big wish i can return it but i cant return something used
1,Tore apart on the first use
1,I was expecting this plate is processed as a whole plate magnetic, since the price is not cheap, too....however, the plate is just a metal, with a medium piece of magnetic located in the bottom, which is the real thins that does the trick, not the whole plate.....		I felt not so worthy to pay for that price when the plate is not processed with magnetic (ex: the screw drivers that can stick the screws on it, that is what I say " magnetic processed"); just assamble 2 things together...I can make this myself with lower price...and biger working space		Well, overall speaking, this is still a very good item, but just not the way I expect.
1,I liked the aerodynamic design but the build quality wasn't up to par.  Especially considering the cost, I expected more.  The visor is a flimsy piece of plastic and the straps inside just insert into the helmet.  I accidentally (too easily) pulled out the inserts where the straps connect into the helmet just by trying it on.  It makes me wonder what would happen in an actual collision.  Would the helmet just disconnect from the straps and fly off on impact?  It was comfortable, but I expected more.  I returned the helmet.
1,I have an otter box that I use over my SSGalaxy 5 and this case doesn't fit over it. Yes, it's snug, but even with all the pulling to make it work, it doesn't fit. It does fit if you remove the otter box, but that defeats the entire purpose of using an otterbox. If you don't have a case that you use around your SSG5, this will work ok. The other thing, it's hard to put back using one hand because of the way the straps are.
1,Eewww!!  This hat looks nothing like the one you receive!!  It's all wrinkled up and the material is made of something I cannot even describe!!  Almost the worst buy I have ever made.
1,The bands around the wrists are not adjustable and are too tight. I couldn't tell from the photo, but in putting them on it becomes apparent. The type with the Velcro fasteners are much better.
1,The boys would open them, test them and leave them....
1,This one took forever to arrive and product looks so cheap it may brake after couple uses
1,Arrived damaged
1,Smells like a petroleum product, even after one wash cycle.  Washing again to try to remove the odor.  I have purchased several different brands of microfiber towels (we have two dogs and a pool) and have never had this issue before.  Would not buy this brand again!
1,The holes are out of alignment/chalked up with paint and chunks of the metal causing bolts to not go in. Having to drill out/adjust the holes is a bit of a b**** considering you don't buy products so that way you have to make the product.	 Instructions(although a straightforward put together anyway) are also crap. It tells you to build it locking it in place, meaning you would need tools every time you remove it from your vehicles rack instead of using the quick lock it comes with. Brilliant instructions.	Design itself is fine. Product itself is annoyingly mass produced and would be harder to put together for someone who doesn't have tools.	You could call it a price to pay for cheaper product but that's unexcusbale and just poor care for what you're selling.
1,Broke after the 3rd use.  Pay more and get a stout pump.  You don't want to be in the middle of a ride without a pump.
1,I ordered this because it was the same item I ordered previously (it even gave the notice at the top that I had ordered this on xxx date).  When it arrived, the design is different (dots v diamonds), they are darker and they are harder than the ones I originally ordered.  It appears the ones I ordered previously are no longer sold at the 3/4" thickness, but then they should not have them on this page.  These are not as nice as the ones I originally ordered (I just wanted one more set to fill in on the side) - harder than I wanted and do not seem as durable
1,hard to learn and learn how to get balanced on it. Can cause sever backache and neck problems
1,This pack was smaller than what it appears in the picture and isn't long enough for my 6-3 height. I returned it.
1,They are good in waistline (my waist is 33" and I bought L), but they are VERY long down the way, as a result they are like a sail on my ass and looks very bad.
1,I purchased the 20 gauge snap caps. These aluminum tube snap caps are very well made, but poorly designed. The problem is that the snap caps are only 35mm long (about 1-3/8"). That makes it difficult to insert them into the shotgun, either through the ejection port or into the tube magazine. The tubes are so short, they can turn sideways in the loading chamber when the pump is activated, potentially damaging either the snap caps or the gun. They are useless for practice loading the shotgun. If the snap caps were at least 2" long, they would be perfect.
1,the straps are good but the ends that the strap hooks to are not with this so I am not happy about this.
1,I bought two of these tubes ~ each went flat after or during the very first ride.  The tubes are heavy duty but the valve stems not so much.  The air was escaping rather quickly from a split at the base of the valve stem itself.  Save time, money and aggravation and buy some other tube for your hybrid bike.
1,too hard for me.
1,These are very uncomfortable and scratchy and I wouldn't ever stick these inside gloves to line them. Also, they lied when they said they are 100% wool! They're only 70% wool. I would return them but don't want to go through the hassle.
1,Terrible holster. Retention screw was out of the holster and i still couldn't draw my weapon. Even after trying to loosen it up with a sock around my gun in the holster for 24 hours. Should have loosened up but didnt.
1,These bans are terrible! They roll constantly and then stick to themselves. Terrible product.
1,I have a french bulldog and I take him on walks alot. I got this as an animal repellant. Unfortunately, the little case it comes with stretched out to a point of not securing the spray anymore, on to of that, the red tab on top to put the spray into the safety position fell off and I couldn't find it, which rendered this spray completely ineffective. The red tab is essentially the trigger mechanism and without it, the spray won't fire. Waste of money
1,I was surpised when I saw that these are not metal.  They fit fine but I never felt like I could ride without worry with this on my bike.  I replaced them with something a little more durable.  I do keep one in my tool kit just incase.
1,Mine are all the same size, rather than assorted, and they are all quite large. Now I have 170 of the same size fish hook.
1,I bought these tires for my hybrid bike. I liked the idea of the puncture guard tires. I wanted a set of 700c 40's for the comfort. I bought these for the bike I use to commute to work, about 10 miles. They arrived in good condition and in good time. My ride is on city streets that are by no means smooth. The first thing I noticed was the very thin walls on the tires. Fibers were showing through the extremely thin material. I gave them a shot and put them to the test. I ended up exchanging both tires at separate times because the side walls tore. I kept the air pressure well within tolerance but they just could not take it. The last straw with these tires was yesterday when the rear tire split again. It looks like I hit a piece of glass or something that hit the very edge of the puncture guard. The tire split vertically from the edge of the tread all the way down to the bead of the tire. Thankfully my puncture resistant tubes did not blow out. I was able to limp home and order new tires of a different brand. These tires have great tread and grip but they need to beef up the side walls, tissue paper just doesn't cut it. These were not worth the hassle.
1,I've been using this light on my work commute for the past three weeks. It is overpriced and overhyped for what it does. There are much better options for less cost than this light. Here are the issues I have:	1. Not good enough for daytime riding. Despite its multiple LEDs and alternating amber and red colors, the beam is not focused and thus the light is not easily visible by rear- approaching motorists to any significant degree. I compare this light to my less expensive single LED "Flare R" by Bontrager and the differences are astounding. I can only conclude that this light is only adequate for night riding. When dark, it does provide excellent illumination (as long as you select the low power settings - see below). But during daytime: it's pretty much useless if you wish to stand out and draw the attention of motorists.	2.  Battery life at highest and second highest (brightest) settings is very poor. About one hour for highest and almost two hours for the next lower setting. Think about that. A $90 light should do much better than that.	3. The audible alarm system does not extend riding time the way the manual describes and is a useless feature since one needs to stop the bike and press the butto to switch to a lower setting every time you hear a "beep."  Sounds great in theory but in practice it's absurd and for a commuter on a busy route, could be quite dangerous.	Overall this light is much too expensive for what it offers the serious cyclist. It must have been designed by non-cyclists who were aiming for flashy, hyped "features" but who forgot that beam brightness and battery life are two of the most important bike light characteristics. This light has neither.
1,Probably should have returned them. but they weren't that expensive to begin with.
1,Straps loosen easily with bikes mounted to them. Says it can hold up to 3. Barely trust it to hold up 1
1,Class is more like medium. If your looking to return be prepared to pay. Vender won't pay for it.
1,Came with a cancer warning about reproductive cancers being caused by a material in the product  AND a small is child-sized small. DON'T BUY THESE!
1,The peppers are very good. I have ordered this three times so far. The reason for the low review is that the jar never contained 113g of product. Instead the full jars contained between 55g-65g, in other words you only get a little bit more than half the amount promised.
1,I bought this for a friend. He loved it, and played with it all the time. Well, a couple months of use later, the ball busted and he had to through it away and clean up the mess.
1,Sweat box that is slippery and incredibly hot.  Whomever designs these products clearly isn't a fighter but makes millions selling to soccer moms who's 10 year old will get a fake black belt after two years of TKD.  Not for real fighters
1,Gets light work done,but it's really,really made cheap ... Never seen such crap steel in my life
1,I used it all last season in an area where I know there is a dense population of deer and I can for a fact tell you that I saw zero difference in the amount of bucks I saw whether I used it or not. Also once you open the pack it becomes a stinky mess that you'll need to keep in a large zip lock bag and maybe wrapped in paper or a fabric softener if you don't want your backpack to stink to high heaven. Over priced, messy and ineffective.
1,what kind of ridiculous bike lock has a combination that you cannot change? This one. It's cheap, it's thin (I use it for securing my bike seat, I wouldn't trust it for anything more) if the combination resettable it would be great however the last thing I need is another thing to remember. I'd skip this lock and get a better one.
1,Will no longer stay mounted on front handlebar after very little use. Tail light is okay but headlight is terrible the way it sounds.
1,Interesting idea, but poorly build and will ultimately fail to work. LED started to flicker after about a year and change. DOn't waste your money here. But a Streetlight or UST lantern.
1,NOT SO GOOD
1,First, I want to state that this review will be updated over the next few weeks as things evolve, but my initial experience with Ifit is not a good one.  While I didn't purchase the Module per se, the iFit experience is relevant to this review.		I took the plunge and purchased the top of the line incline trainer X11i, which is the new addition to the 2014 lineup at NordicTrack.  I purchased the 2 year subscription to iFit since I got a couple of nice promotional incentives and free delivery.  The unit arrived on Friday afternoon.  I probably should have paid the extra to have someone bring it into the house.  The thing is a beast, but we managed to get it through the French doors.  Don't even think of managing this thing on your own through a normal entry to your house.  It will have to be brought in sideways.  It's way too wide. . . which was a selling point for me. . .just a hassle to move.		All of my energy was spent getting it into the house, so I waited until Saturday morning to set everything up and activate iFit with the Activation code NordicTrack sent me via email.  Instructions were nonexistent so I went to the site and navigated my way through the registration steps.  Upon entering the Activation code, the site promptly took me to the payment page for the annual iFit subscription.  In spite of my best efforts, there was absolutely no option to avoid paying them AGAIN.  So, I got on the phone and contacted NordicTrack since my purchase was through them.  After being on hold for about 10 minutes, the customer rep apologizes for the inconvenience and then reluctantly informs me that iFit does not provide technical support on the weekend.  The reluctance in telling me this was in his voice with a note of "crap. . . I'm so sick of telling people this" in the mix.  I'll have to call Monday.  I'm not a happy camper at this point and wondering why I didn't pay more attention to the reviews.  However, being the insufferable optimist, I had hoped enough time had passed since the bad reviews plaguing the Net that perhaps many of these issues had been resolved.  No such luck.		Sunday Morning, March 2.  Back to the computer I go and continue to search and research.  My new surprise.  iFit site is down.  Blank screen.  I visit websitedown.info and they only confirm the obvious.  The site is down.		Stay tuned. . .
1,I took a chance on this and should have known better.  The fan puts out very little air.  It reminds me of those battery operated hand held fans you can buy at the dollar store.  The LED light is the only good feature it has.
1,So I did the mirror centering technique they show you in a video. I would hold it by my side and give it a little shack and hold it back to the mirror and it would not hold center. I was disappointed. I was really looking forward to this scope and it's features. I returned it and spent a lot more money for a better scope that I am satisfied with.
1,Bottom line: Don't buy this stand unless you want to modify it before using it.		The angle between the legs and the stand is insufficient to generate enough support to hold a bike securely while wrenching on anything important. I pulled off the rubber caps at the ends of the legs and added sand to both legs. Now, the stand (barely) will keep a bike upright, but I usually have to keep the front wheel much lower than the rear wheel for stability. I often place 45# weight plates on top of the legs for stability. The arm is decent, and I am making a wall mounted repair stand with the arm.
1,I have a 98 Mercury 150 V6, 2-Stroke. Installation was easy, all the parts necessary were included with the kit. Upon starting the engine up, water started blowing out of the poppet valve cover weep hole. I disassembled/reassembled twice and had the same results both times. I ended up finding out that the plastic spring retainer rod was just slightly a different diameter than the old part, and the new spring felt like it had a slightly different spring rate compared to the old, so I used the old spring retainer and spring with all of the other new parts in this kit and presto. It works perfectly. 2 stars for the parts that worked, and nothing for the hassle and having to mix n' match on the others.
1,this would be great for someone that has no chest, size is not equal to what the tag says
1,This knife is junk. I opened it on a fishing trip, having forgotten to release the lock, and the locking mechanism flew right off the knife and into the river. Also the blade seems weak and thin.
1,Leaked like crazy.  Didn't matter how tight I made it.  Maybe it's my face but I could not get it to stop letting massive amounts of water in.
1,Piece of crap, not seller fault, fast shipping Berkley should be ashamed of this product, lesson learned, Berkley products are not engineered for use, if they think this is a good piece of fishing equipment.
1,I thought this would be a great alternative to the regular lifestraw.  However it was very hard to get suction through from the very start.  I tried every tip on here to no avail.  In preparation for a hiking trip I thought i would try it again.  I can't get ANY water through the main filtration, even with carbon removed.  It's an overpriced total piece of junk.  Weirdly enough my regular lifestraw works fine.  Will be buying a sawyer for future needs.
1,Rubs on the back of my legs. Cheap velcro tore away from the seat post strap after only a few uses. I had to stich the velcro back on the strap by hand.
1,OK, this putter looks good, but it putts, well, not so good.  Everything goes to the left because the face naturally closes as you swing.  It also feels thin even on center-face hits, accompanied by a tinny sound at contact.  Its going back.
1,It seems well constructed and the price is good.  The Bad: I bought 2 of them and the spigots do not pour out water in a steady stream, it spills out all over the place.  Forget filling a water bottle.  A paper cup you could smush against the side might prevent spills.  Very disappointed, I have to buy another cooler or nozzle now.
1,This hosters doesn't work for a SC CPX 2. Not even close. The trigger guard will not lock all the way in. After reading a little on line I found that the Fobus TA-M Fits the CPX-2 perfectly. Tight on the gu ice draw , I found the trigger guard has a concave dimple in both halves of the hosters that holds the weapon securely and using a window pane razor I shaved the dimple on the back half of the trigger guard little by little until I achieved the one hand gui know snap draw I wanted and still mantained the secure hold of the hoster to insure my weapon stays in the hosters until I draw it . And you'll note I added the thin rubberized grips to insure no slip while drawing my weapon. Total of 34.00 good sense add on's available on amazon  to a 220.00 model of the cpx 2 . Good luck. D.I.L.L.G.A.F.F.
1,fell apart after first use.  The adjustment clip could not have been any tighter when I used it and it flew off somewhere.  Junk and wold not recommend
1,Terrible, shakes all over cause legs are hard to anchor. Louisville black flame is spring action and much more steady.
1,I bought this for my son and he did not like it at all. It broke on the first day I got it. I took it out of the box and it was in perfect condition but my son did not like the gloves, symbolizing that it was by saying that it was for babies and not for proffesionals like him who follow boxers like Sergio Martinez, Juan Manuel Marquez, and Floyd Mayweather. He was telling the truth. Even the bag was broken on the first day after taking a few jabs and a hook and it ripped and we couldn't fix it. I regret buying this up to this day.
1,You feel as if your sliding off constantly, no matter how much you adjust.
1,Waste of $$!  Didn't work at all.
1,This doesn't fit 700x25 in any way. It's far too large, there's no way it'll ever fit a 700x25. If the tube fit, then I'm sure I'd be pleased with it, because it feels very, very thick and sturdy. I can't imagine the little thorns we have here ever getting through them. Even so, I can hardly be pleased with a product I can't use.
1,the seam in the leg tore the first time I tried them on. Returned.
1,Much smaller than advertised and the writing on the sleeves fell off just brushing against it.  Cheap product.
1,I purchased this croquet set for my father's 62nd birthday present as he loves the easygoing and laid-back style of the game, and for the price of this set compared to others I felt that I couldn't go wrong. Oh boy. How wrong could I be when it came to quality and durability. This set is a complete croquet set to be certain: it has the mallets, wickets, pegs and balls, but upon receiving the set I soon realized that the balls were simply hard plastic, and the mallets aren't sturdy in the least. Some of the mallets aren't able to be totally screwed in tightly so it wobbles at times, and after several hard hits the plastic on the end begins to come lose.		If you can afford a bit pricier set I would suggest that instead of this one for sure. I know, unfortunately, at times money dictates the quality that we must settle for, but this set was highly disappointing to my family and I.
1,This is a cheaply-made cue that is straight and works .  It is so short that it is too light for use as anything but a child's first attempt at pool .  I bought it for play in confined quarters but don't use it .
1,The one side was extremly loose to open but hard to close. It wasn't very sharp at all and the silver plates to open them get in the way and bring down the look of the knife.
1,First things first, the description is wrong. There is not bottle/can opener, and the knife is not serrated.		This is a good tool for the price. It seems well-built and the knife is sharp.		However, I was surprised and disappointed by its size and weight. I had hoped to use it as a lighter / smaller multi-tool to carry instead of my Leatherman Wave. However it's thicker and longer than the Wave, only weighs 60 grams less and is much less functional.		The only real advantages I see over the Wave are the ability to deploy the pliers one-handed and the price.
1,It  does its job but I'm not a fan. It's squeaks too loud, doesn't have a good stride, so if you're taller than 5ft, this isn't gonna do your body any good. I'm 5'2 and I feel the stride is too short. The resistance adjuster doesn't work and neither does the heart monitor.		It does burn calories though. But as far as quality, you get what you pay for.
1,Piston was broke when I received it so I sent it back
1,Size discrepancy between outer shell and inner liner was too much for me. I'm slightly slim build, size M liner fit fine but the shell made me look like Santa Clause. Tried size S, liner was too small and shell still felt a little big. Sleeve length also differed...		Warmth was good during my brief time with it.
1,Should have known better...you get what you pay for...I didn't pay much...so I didn't get much...would not recommend this to any beginner as it will just end in frustration and prevent you from progressing into fly fishing
1,These are fit for purpose, but it's not quite the correct material for wrist straps.		These types of wraps should be a bit softer material, in my opinion.		But they do the job, so there's that.
1,Second light of this lovely style. This one also broke off fairly quickly making it unusable. I give up with trying to use a beautiful vintage look bicycle light. I have settled for a bright, effective and stable light system. Not the esthetic I wanted but fine and safe.
1,The M&P Shield is a great hearty designed firearm, its one flaw is that many women might by this due to its size and ease of use. One issue withe the Shields is when new the recoils spring can be quite stiff. It can take a good solid grip and men with small hands or some women may not have the grip to pull the slide with Ease. The Mrs has one and I wanted one as well due to the size but I knew that recoild spring would need some warm in time.		Then there is Talon I put this on a my unfired brand new Shield and it was easy and smooth to rack that slide back.	When comparing to the Mrs it was much harder and I am a big man 6'5 and getting a solid grip was hard but these talon worked perfect.	The install is simple just read the directions and take your time and put on loosely to start so you can get a good fit.	It improved the look and enhanced the feel 10X over the stock rib.  Even the new 2.0 Shield still has slippery plastic grips these would do well on it.		UPDATE:	The item began to fail after just six months coming loose after basics use.
1,Very cheap quality.
1,broke after one ocean outing
1,These are junk. Spend extra money to get real snap caps or the one like this lined with brass or copper. Totally worth it.
1,These are huge compared to the stated size.  I am 200 lb, 32 inch waist.  The medium is a giant sack on me. I wear a large in a lot of brands, but apparently a small in this one.
1,I've always been leery of these tubes... my local bike shop swears by them so I had them installed ... I have a cannondale mountain bike & first ride I get a flat... I check the tube & the stem had separated, I go to shop they replace for free next week a thin nail pops it ... I pump up the tire & spin the tire so the slime can coat it & goes flat... The slime itself is too watery to stop anything but the most microscopic leak, this tube is not worth the more expensive price just does not work period....nothing against this seller though... Shipment was prompt
1,The stones that come with this kit are quite nice, I was able to get an edge relatively easily after a lot of messing with the system. The clamp doesn't do it for me though. I checked out all the tips I could and put forward a good effort but this sharpener just isn't for me. I think it would actually be a great value if you're only sharpening a certain spectrum of knives. I picked up one of the bases as well which ended up being pretty useless as I found it much easier to hold the clamp in my hand.
1,I rather liked these, perfect for overnight camps where the small capacity is just enough to take what you need and keep the weight down. The downside is I've had one of the caps (the solid cap, not the flip up spout cap) split and the top of the cap separate dumping the contents. Fortunately I never trust anything and so had them also double bagged otherwise I'd have cooking oil all over my gear. Cap wasn't crushed or in anyway damaged, just split very cleanly as if there was a seam there but there's none visible on the caps that are still intact. When I bought them I thought the weak point would've been the soft bottle itself but turns out it was the part that I expected was sturdy that failed. Unfortunately the whole set is unusable now as they can't be trusted.
1,Not enough compression in these for what I wanted them for.
1,Bands broke first use! Beware of the quality of material and use caution if you have already purchased this item. BEWARE
1,Garbage.  I bought the manual version first and the dial needle would get stuck - there was no way to get it free.  This replacement was also flawed.  I purchased them because my son is a place kicker and the balls have to be within certain limits.  I wound up buying a gauge from a competitor and it works great.  Save your money.
1,Difficult to get phone into.
1,too expensive for what it is.. stays wet once wet
1,This is a nice leather holster, but without adjustable cant or ride height, I struggled to find a way to carry my gun comfortably with this holster.  It ended up in the back of the closet pretty quickly.
1,I am currently in the process of returning my 2nd air core to BA. They both sprung leaks in the middle of the night under light duty conditions (inside of a tent - no rough ground or protrusions).  The first one didn't make it to 10 nights of use, the second couldn't even do 5. In both cases full submersion in the bathtub was not able to reveal the source of the leak. I used to be a bike mechanic and have repaired tubes a lot; I'm confident in my technique.		 It's left me sleeping on the cold hard ground two too many times. I will give it two stars for being light and comfortable (when it holds air).
1,Fit is poor - weapon sinks too far through the holster and makes gripping difficult.	Metal clip has a lip that sticks out really far - inevitably, the very first time I sat down while wearing the holster, the lip caught on something and broke the clip.		2 stars because the material of the holster itself feels pretty good, but the overall design needs a lot of work.
1,Way undersized for the nominal designation. These need to be roomier and cut larger.
1,The cording wrapped around the handle comes off easily after a few throws. The blade seems to be hollow (two pieces joined)	The tip started splitting at the end. My kid still had fun with them, but would not purchase again.
1,This tent will fit two small people, and will fit one person of basically any size just fine assuming you aren't too tall, however ventilation IS a problem. I went camping in the Sequoias where the humidity isn't very high and there was condensation covering the top of the tent after a night WITH the door open. Setup is ok but accessibility is not good.		Overall I wouldn't recommend this to anyone, but it would work as some sort of emergency shelter if you were in a post-apocalyptic scenario where no other tents were available on planet earth.
1,Looks nice, but the tip arrived bent, and broke off shortly after trying to correct it.  Might be able to salvage something out of it, but I wouldn't buy it knowing what I know now.  Even though the dimensions are correctly advertised I believe,  Its smaller than I expected.
1,Missing the tube that is used for blowing it up.
1,They look very nice but bent beyond use on my first crash. If you ride hard you might look for something more substantial
1,tiny, this knife is so small that its basically useless besides maybe as an envelope opener. and has no pocket clip. bought it for my girlfriend and we gave it away the next day.
1,I took a chance on these due to all of the positive comments. Unfortunately I'm not happy with my purchase. The rear sites do not mount flush with my rail. Poor QC.
1,cheap material
1,Keeps the cat in line but only can load 1 bead at a time.
1,I ordered size large for my 9 month old who is 22lbs. And the pants are way too small! They might fit a newborn though.
1,I want my $2.50 back. My fault for not noticing the the crappy strap design but the belt set up is terrible too. Don't get it
1,after a couple of months of use the knife doesn't lock when you open
1,These goggles left an air gap at the top (above the nose) that was not sealable / fixable.  Even if the straps were pulled super tight, so tight that the edges of the goggles left marks, there was a gap that would let water in.  Our children are 5 and 7, and our eldest's head is pretty big for seven, but these didn't work.	They may be okay for older children.  We sent them back.
1,works well...
1,I bought one of these lights due to a recommendation back in January and in the same month the light went out. I messaged the facebook page for these lights and was promptly sent a replacement without the need to return the original. Today though, the replacement just went out on me like the original did. I think going over any kind of bumps messes whatever shotty connections are done inside the lights and makes them stop working. It could be fixable, if the lights were able to be disassembled, but they don't seem to be. I recommend you just buy good lights from a more trustable brand. These aren't good lights, even if the prices aren't that bad, in the end you still have a broken, unfixable light. P.S. The free tail lights seem to work just fine though. I may update this description if they go out though.	(Left is the original one I bought and the right is the replacement)
1,Flashlight is weak,  and the laser won't even hold position while adjusting. Another repurchase made too early,  and now can't be returned. This wouldn't even work on a Red Ryder to plink cans at 15 feet.
1,Not as described. This item is only 6" x 9". A joke as a "garden flag"
1,When reviewing a product, I usually try to find at least one good thing to say about it. Unfortunately, that won't be the case with this one.	Not sure how this product has decent ratings. It's terrible. There is nothing good about it.	One: It sprays on in glops that need wiped into the skin to cover. It's like smearing on sunscreen, leaving your hand oily, smelly and coated. Gross.	Two: It stinks. Even with the small amount of citronella, this stuff has a horrible scent.	Three: It doesn't even work. Sprayed on myself and the kiddo while outside playing Frisbee and we both still got attacked by bugs.	Four: You can't even return the junk! No returns, no refunds, which I did not see before buying, or I would have passed.		One of the worst purchases from Amazon I've made, and I'm disappointed by the inability to return this **** and get my money back. Horrible product and horrible policy on this one.
1,I have not tested it but the quality seems good		Update: I had the chance to test it in a camping/hiking situation. This blanket turned out to be very uncomfortable, slippery and too small (kind of squarish) and the package is also relatively bulky and heavy. Basically money thrown out of the window
1,Bad product. Continually had to adjust/tighten, and then the whole thing fell apart because the hole on the bottom portion where the bolt/washer catches got deformed by regular use. It's only a few $, but can cost a lot more if it causes you lose a big catch or your fishing rod goes overboard.
1,Don't let a few decent reviews and a low price sucker you on this one. First off it mounts loosely on the rail. It rattles around but at least it didn't fall off. Second thing is if you turn it on and off then back on it goes to strobe first and you have to click it again to get to a solid light. Or if you wait several seconds between activation it goes back to a solid light on the next click. I absolutely hated that stupid feature.  Last thing is  had it mounted on my AR15 and after one 100 round session I noticed that the rubber weather cap on the on/off switch fell off. No sure where it ended up but now I have this loose fitting light with awkward features and the switch is missing! I can still activate it but not as it was designed. My bad for trying to save a few bucs. This one is going in the trash.
1,This could be a great bag. The size is nice for a minimalist kit and the bag itself has a nice shape. Unfortunately the strap system is annoying as heck and from experience with similar strap material, won't last very long. Improved straps would make this a five star bag, but until then it will get the job done until I find something better or have to toss it when the straps tear.		Here's why the straps are annoying. The straps on this bag have an equal length of hook and loop left and right and the straps are not very flexible. A better option would be to have a single strap that has both the hook and loops and feeds back on itself after running through a buckle on the opposite side of the bag. That explanation may or may not make sense to anyone, but believe me, I have used both types and one is better than the other.
1,My fault for not ordering a shinano tool
1,The stitching is not good. Seams press into forehead causing indentations in your head you look like a fool after riding for 20 minutes. Forehead area should be seamless.
1,Unbelievably uncomfortable.  The part that rests right up against your knuckles feels like dense cardboard.  Wasn't just me.  I let a buddy try them.  He agreed.  I was trying to save my knuckles from tearing and pain.  These made it worse.  They went back.
1,I had to return this because the touch screen wouldn't work.  I liked the look of it, because it was narrow and I have small wrists; however, I had to return it. I bought the fitbit alta instead, and it has worked flawlessly for several months.
1,Sizing runs VERY small, ordered a large but fits more like a medium or even smaller.  Had to loose a LOT of weight before I could even get it on.  Other than that, very nice shirt.  While I realize some cycling clothes are "race fit" his is more like a childs fit.
1,This is the second time I buy theses tube. The first time, it all when OK. The second time, one of the tubes exploded when first inflated, another had a leak. Maybe it was a bad batch, which could mean Continental's quality control is not great.
1,I have gotten this item to work as advertised only a handful of times.  The rest of the time has been spent attempting to make it work as it is advertised to.  I've tried their silly suggested methods for starting it by flicking with your hand.  Goodluck.  The string method, a small red string wrapped around the inner ball mechanism and pulled quickly to generate rotation, works on occasion, but is nowhere near reliable and will result in you fiddling with the thing trying to make it work moreso than benefiting from it.  If this is intended to relieve carpal tunnel symptoms when used properly, it would only exacerbate said problems while trying to make this thing work as it should.  The few times I was able to operate this device as intended, the resistance offered was minimal and was better suited to very light therapy than any kind of muscle-work or toning.  The idea is great, a gyro offering resistance.  Well, this one doesn't work.
1,Were not the correct ones specified for the bike had to return.
1,Only half the leds work. I'll have to fix my new light. PITA
1,They don't lock
1,The product is high quality and it looks like it works for most people, but it just didn't make a difference for me. Maybe my head / ears are just too big for these to be effective for me.
1,Laser is different from what the picture shows.  I gave it to my friend as a gift but I checked it myself first. then I found it.	Picture shows laser like I I, a pair of parallel line but actually mine is , + + , double cross. it's different from what the picture shows.
1,No help
1,My hearing is diminishing and I was looking for an amplifier for help.  This instrument seems to only amplify the low tones, so that with speech and TV it was not very helpful.
1,Picked up 2 at this price but the fit is small still have one unopened will give it as a gift.
1,And it was. Doesn't fit my iPhone 6 Plus properly and pushes buttons on the side and locks the phone which is incredibly frustrating. The straps don't line up properly so I had to get creative with mounting it on my road bike. Overal disappointed and took it off....
1,Far too big to use on 2.25 inch belt.
1,I deleted my previous review	3-18-17	NO more! I have really tried to be patient with this stand but, I end up spending  as much or more time adjusting and re-adjusting the stand than I do working on bikes. The clamp is a pain. Trying to hold the bike and adjust the thumb nut while keeping the stand from falling over is too much to bother with. When you do get the bike in the stand, a little too much weight or pressure and it will tip over, if you don't catch it. Aligning the weight of the bike over one of the base legs, to maintain balance, is then in the way while working on the bike.  One has to continually step over it. Sooner rather than later, you trip over the leg and then have to catch the bike and stand.
1,I bought one of these and used it lightly, but the coating flaked off both inside and outside of the bottle near the screw mechanism.  while the outside was just cosmetic, I didn't feel comfortable with the interior coating coming off (since i'd drink those flakes) so I got a replacement. SIGG was very responsive and sent me one for free ( i just had to pay to ship it to their office). But, now the replacement bottle has a puncture in the bottom.  The design is not durable at all!  I have several Klean Kanteen bottles that have withstood much more abuse and still look almost new.  Go for those instead.
1,Lid comes off !	Crap!!
1,Lots of fancy stuff.  End result not as good as I hoped for.  I would buy it again for the purpose I need, but I also would hope that improvements should come accordingly and quick.  I would caution the casual buyer to fork our the money for this unit unless there is a true need for this type of night vision. Customer service? Yikes!
1,Way too big for kids... I had to return them.
1,The good:  Inexpensive, but still not worth it	The bad: Did not get enough use to even find minor flaws because...	The ugly:  Thin plastic mounting ring cracked when I tried to get it on the handlebar.  It was not being subjected to any stress or excessive pressure, i was just trying to mount it on a standard handlebar and it broke.  Completely useless.		Overall:  This is what I think of when people talk about cheap crap.  Get something for a little more that is less likely to fail.		Michael
1,This lock is a beast, but unfortunately, as others have commented on, it can be extremely difficult to unlock...  I am a guy with fairly strong hands, and this lock can take anywhere from 10 seconds to 4 minutes to attempt unlocking, which is tough on the fingers, and pretty inconvenient when my actual bike ride is 10 minutes.		Both ends of the U that insert into the locking mechanism apparently have to be in the peeeeerfect 2 spots in order for the key to complete it's turn, and even then, there is effort required to pull the locking portion from the U portion.		I will eventually stop using this, or only use it for longer term locking purposes, as it is not convenient for frequent, daily use.
1,They're cool but not very short and not very big
1,Bought it for my son for Christmas..very dangerous for younger children..haven't used it since Christmas day 2014..Now locked away..
1,Tip broke off after 3 months.
1,The original one I bought a year and half ago worked great. I bought a new one because the battery is losing its charge. My new Scosche has a problem with the heart rate monitor registering very high 19000+ max bpm. I tried it on 3 different apps, same results. I'd return it as a nonworking item for an exchange. Same results 19000+ max bpm. Apparently many customers have the same problem with the new one. Is there any fixed? I really like this product. Besided battery issues, my old one still works.
1,The sizing was right as expected, but I cannot move my legs far apart in these  it restricts running and climbing for me.  Additionally, the velcro closures on the pockets starting falling off the first time I wore these.  Pockets on the legs are not large enough for a phone (just FYI).		I will say the look of them on is very nice and I do like the fabric a lot, but I do feel as though these were a huge waste of money.
1,I am female, 5' 4" with a medium frame, proportional head size and shape.  This covers too much of my face.....up into my eyes when it's fastened in the back....no matter how I fasten it.  If I position it low enough to not do that, it doesn't cover my ears.		I gave it to my husband and it fit him perfectly....he has a big head.  I mean a truly big head.  He has problems finding crown-style hats that are big enough.		This manufacturer's original style....discontinued....fit wonderfully.  Too bad they changed the design.
1,Bulky unattractive.
1,I DON'T HAVE ANY IDEA WHY THESE CLIPS WERE SO POORLY DESIGNED. I USE THEM FOR MY  1918 MK IV .455 WEBLEY REVOLVER.		THEY'RE SO BAD ONE HAS TO USE PLIERS TO BOTH LOAD AND UNLOAD .45ACP CARTRIDGES.		HARDLY EFFICIENT BY ANY STANDARDS.		THANK GOD I HAD A FEW 50 YR OLD HALF MOON CLIPS LEFT OVER FROM ANOTHER SOURCE.
1,Doesn't float enough to counteract the weight of even a very small hook.
1,Used the Cane Creek website to find a headset that would fit my bike, a Scott CR1. It said this would fit, but after getting it, it didn't. Suffice to say, I was not pleased and am dissatisfied with the company, as their headset locator tool doesn't work.
1,The quality is quite poor..and feel very flimsy.. the light is bright as advertised.
1,Sizing is one off I think.
1,Assuming ya' all know what the acronym stands for....  was 10" off of center on the vertical axis. Used my buddy's old fashioned bore sighter and was back on target. Other review suggest this thing works, but mine was way off after trying on multiple rifles.
1,Leaves a white reside like Nikwax!  Junk
1,Had this on my gun for two hours. The wires came right out of the pressure switch with regular use. Would not recommend.
1,I bought this to carry my kids bikes in the summer.		Pros: It works and is cheap.		Cons:  (1) The straps that hold the bike on seem cheap and frankly a little scary.  (2) The hitch is an absolute pain in the buns to remove.  You have to have your socket/wrench set with you always.  (3) The folding mechanism ideally should work great, but 99% of the time i cannot get the pin back in to fold it back up (i result to using a hammer to pound it in).
1,Does it work? Yes. Do I wish I spent the extra money on a GOOD cleaning rod? Absolutely. There is ONE ball barring in this cleaning rod handle. Not even sure how that's supposed to work... When you spin the rod by hand there is some slight but noticeable friction. If you pull on the rod slightly (like you're pulling the rod out of the barrel) there is LOTS of friction. I've witnessed on numerous occasions the rod not turning with the rifling as I pulled the rod from the bore. Lastly, after cleaning 4 rifles the rod itself was SIGNIFICANTLY rougher and the last patch through the last rifle showed metal shavings the same color as the rod. Since when is there a break-in period for cleaning rods...		Edit: 12/24/2014		Dropped down to 1 star to further discourage people from buying. It's not worth potentially ruining your rifle. It's sad that I have more confidence in a three-piece (widely considered a big no-no) cleaning rod to this one.
1,didn't work for me....
1,Maybe I was expecting too much, thin rubber, will roll up on you and remove your leg and arm hair as it does
1,The loop popped the rivet the second week of carrying it. The rivet is also exposed inside the sheath and scratches the knife. Don't waste your money for this sheath. Get some hide and make your own sheath.
1,It blew! I inserted the tube into the tire, gave it 2 pumps and POW! Hole in it! Useless.
1,Tangled mess - No Tag End markings. Have to lay out the entire load to determine weight forward taper. BOO!
1,On April 25, 2016, I received a Klymit Pillow X. I was not satisfied with the comfort of this product and had to return it. It's small and lightweight which are definitely benefits when backpacking but it will jeopardize any hope of a good nights sleep. It slips from your head and the design is simply uncomfortable. I would look at other options.
1,Useless holster
1,I expected something a larger. I'm 6'1". I was really excited as I wanted these to be something they could not achieve. Not for my size at least. I don't like high water style pants and they fit perfect if that were completely unfilled and placed below my waist.
1,Warning - sizes miss marked!!  I order an x-large and large reel cover!  The xl was fine, the large that should per their description fit my 30 size reels was actally the very small bait caster (BC) size!!
1,Don't waste your money this product is very cheap made, will not get proper bite on tap and is not long enough to grip
1,When it first arrived it was difficult to setup and not very intuitive to use but I got it working eventually.		It didn't correctly identify every exercise I did, but it was good enough that I was content. Then it died after a week. Wouldn't turn on at all. Tried to leave it charging for a few hours but still nothing.		Sent that one back and got a replacement. The new one worked well for a couple of weeks. Then the heart rate monitor kept freezing and crashing. It would consistently measure heart rates of upwards of 210 bpm for 10 minutes solid even if I wasn't wearing the watch.		After a restart it would work for a little while then seize up again. During a 30 minute cardio session it locked up 7 times.		I gave up. I am about to return my second one and won't be ordering another.		If it worked as advertised it would be decent. The low battery life and limited functionality means you can't really use it as an all day watch. A watch that could do what this does but also have a little more flexibility in use with a longer battery life would be amazing.		As it stands however it is a decent watch that seems in my case to be poorly made twice. I don't know if I was unlucky or the general build quality for many people has been poor, but my rating reflects my experience.
1,If I could leave zero Stars I would. This thing does not keep things cold like other Hydro flasks. I have three other different brands fill them all up at the same time as well as this brand new one and the ice in this one melted right away and the water was nowhere close to even cold like the other ones were. You get what you pay for
1,This knee brace works when it stays put, but it's held by a short-ish velco tab that doesn't hold effectively nor reliably. I'm using the right size strap, the velco tab is just too small to hold under the direct tension it gets. If Mueller had added more velco, or even better, used a buckle loop that the velco end slips thru then turns back on itself (like other brands), it would hold more reliably.		I'll be trying one of the "buckle loop" styles for a more secure hold.
1,At first, I thought this kit was awesome! I sharpened all of my knives and although its A LOT of work, and VERY time consuming, I got a pretty decent edge. SO, having all sharp knives, I put the kit in my attic and forgot about them. About a month or so later, I went back to get the kit to resharpen some kitchen knives and when I took the kit out, the backs had become detached from all the stones! What the what?! It does not get THAT friggin hot in my attic to melt the glue attaching the stones to the plastic. Also, I pretty much had to buy the Lansky Super C Clamp to go with this thing or it would be unusable. Eh, maybe I just think "deluxe system" means something else than Lansky.
1,this is, and does, exactly what it says.  but my gripe is with ENOs design.  in order to save weight there is the absolute minimum amount of netting in this design.  it is designed to just barely fit over an occupied hammock. because its designed to cover a very slack hammock, the 'ridgeline' connects between the hammocks anchor points.  if you hang a tighter hammock the ridgeline will not lift the netting off your face.  the result is a rather suffocating experience.....  i decided to make my own on a modified design
1,The picture is of a fan!!!! Which is what I'm looking for. Want to order this fan but I know I'll get a sink!
1,I would not give it such a low rating due to the band if the band was easily replaceable, but nowhere on Amazon, Timex.com, or elsewhere can I find a replacement band.		The little loop that holds the end of the strap down to the band broke first, so I had to use an elastic to keep that from annoying me all the time. Then the band itself just cracked in the middle. I can't quite imagine why they designed it this way.
1,Ugh, I should have listened to some of the other reviewers who complained about this not really being "dance" but more like just stylized aerobics, cheesy moves with crappy music. I LOVE Shaun T, so SO DISAPPOINTED to be giving a product of his anything less than 5 stars. But, the intro to these videos show the dancers all dancing around like they're at a night club...actually DANCING; and then when the actual workouts start, it's a TON of just glorified aerobics moves with a tad bit of real dance-like moves thrown in. Not fun. To top it off, WHAT WAS HE THINKING with the music?!? Eye of the Tiger? Good song, BUT NOT TO DANCE TOO!!! And there's many similar examples. Some of these songs weren't even dance songs when they first came out, 30 years ago! The music was so absolutely uninspiring to me to move to, with no dance beat, that I literally just turned the sound off and put on my own dance playlist off itunes and hoped the beat would match enough to get through the workout. What a bummer. I can see why this set was so insanely cheap. He's such a great dancer, why the heck would he come out with something so incredibly un-hip and dated? Even for the year this came out, it wouldn't have been cool even then.		To give you an idea of the perspective from which this review is written, I am already in decent shape, and don't need to lose any weight at all. Just was looking for a new video set to jazz up my current routine. Have been doing Zumba and all of Jennifer Galardi's dance videos for a while now, and love them all.		With this set, I have a feeling he may have been trying to appeal to the older crowds (I'm 43, so when I say older, I mean, like, retirement age) who just can't relate to modern dance music. He should have used 50's Rock N Roll in that case and the songs would have been more inspiring to move to. I actually had to skip through one entire video just to check it out and see if the moves and the music were going to improve...they didn't, so that entire routine is out for me, a total waste of money. I started moving through the Booty Time and Hard Core Abs, and those moves weren't quite so cheesy and annoying. However, again, I had my own music on the whole time so I will have to come back and edit this if I repeat the workout with the music and have a different impression. Many have complained about the music quality being bad...and I would have no idea, because I had to use my own music! :-(		So...how can there possibly be so many great reviews??? I ask myself this same question. Thoughts. From reading others reviews who say the videos require a lot of coordination and skill, I think this may appeal to people with actually NO rhythm who just can't handle anything beyond aerobics style moves, and for whom the very basic more dance-like steps he does introduce are a big deal. I can imagine this being a huge success to be able to these videos then, and for it to feel like a pretty good accomplishment. I also noticed that most of the people who give this 5 starts mention that they're just getting into working out, and/or have a ton of weight to lose. Yes, then in that case, I can see these videos hitting the spot. I have taken only a few dance classes in my life, have never been a big dancer but I guess I'm at least  coordinated and I do have rhythm and like to dance, so for me, this is just kind of obnoxious. At least if the music was good, I could tolerate the aerobics and cheesy moves. Or, if the dance moves were really cool and fun and I was learning actual new dance moves, I could maybe (MAYBE) put up with the music.		To top all this off, you've got some British "host" guy coming out and introducing the segments like you're watching some awards show or something. It's a waste of time, it's lame, it's cheesy, and it just gives the whole thing such a weird feel. Like they're trying to make it something that it's just not. What they're trying to make it, I don't know, but certainly not a dance workout video.		I have Hip Hop Abs and that set is SO MUCH BETTER. Set me up for way higher expectations from this set. If you're thinking about getting hip-hop abs but are now worried because of all the negative reviews of this set, just know they're completely different.		On the positive side, as with all Shaun T DVDs, I like the way the video was produced. Easy to understand, you can see all the dancers doing the moves. Some people complain that the dancers aren't even doing the same moves as Shaun so they don't like that it pans onto them...but they ARE doing the same moves, just stylized in their own ways. I like it, because you can see different ways of bringing style to any move. (again, I think this preference signals the difference between someone with really no experience on any dance floor at all). Lighting was like you're in a dance club, which I liked, great inspiring set. Shaun T is his usual buoyant entertaining self. The dancers all look like they're genuinely having a fun time. It all just has great energy. Many people have complained about what I just said I enjoyed...the fact that it's like they're on a dance party stage. But for whatever reason, that part doesn't bug me. Problem is, it gets me in the mood to actually DANCE...not move around and do these terrible, repetitive aerobics moves.		So, one star just for being his fabulous Shaun T self, another star for the work they put in to trying to get you to feel like you're in a night club, letting loose. That's all I could bear to give this poor set. :-(		If you're not at all tuned into music with a dance beat, have no idea what the difference even is between music that gets you moving vs. music that's just nice to listen to; AND you need moves that are so simple that they can't even be called dance; then this may be the workout for you. If on the other hand you know the difference between music with a good groovy beat vs not; and you have any experience in dance at all, even just in clubs, then you'll be bored and turned off very quickly with this set. Sorry Shaun! With more grooving music and some sharing of your great dance moves which we all KNOW you have, this would have earned 5 stars! Please try again! :-)
1,This was too long for the Mazda CX-9. It scratched my car every time I had to open my trunk. I can post a picture if anyone needs to see it.	The first time I tried to lock it, after getting it on the car, the key broke off on one side. Luckily there are two locks. I now can only use one side. Ohh well. It did was a bit too narrow for my luggage. We drove 1500 miles for our vacation, and I forgot it was on the car. There was absolutely no noise from it. It's easy to place on and take off. I think I just got a bad lock...	I am willing to change my review, if Yakima would fix the lock.
1,These things smell horible! It made my whole pack stink, and it won't wash out! No refunds either because it is flamable. Terrible all around.
1,I do not recommend this fire starter. First of all you have to go through the pain of shaving of enough magnesium to even get a light. Then the fire only last for like 3-5 seconds, if you even get a fire at all. Its a pain to go through I recommend  that you buy magnesium shavings along with some ferro rods, works the same but with less hassle.
1,Can't get it stuffed back into itself. Will not use as it is too big for backpacking
1,I was surprised when I received this scope. It is extremely small and the rings are only meant for the cheapest of BB guns, definitely not for anything bigger. I bought a new Crosman MK177 expecting to put this on there, I was wrong, I had to put on my AR scope for now because of the Picatinny rails that this scope could not handle.
1,pong balls with zero bounce. i use these as cat toys, but with no bounce, he has no interest.
1,Very disappointing.
1,When I purchased this bag I intended to use it on a daily basis. I functions well and is well designed, however the quality of the material and workmanship leaves much to be desired. Primarily there is a drawstring nylon privacy cover inside the main compartment under the lid. It would only serve as a privacy cover because it seems inadequate as a rain cover. The material of the cover is very low quality because where the material sews to the inside edge the material tore away from the inside and eventually pulled apart completely. Not a big deal but not what I paid for. Lasted me about a month and I now use a Timbuk2 messenger bag. Good idea poorly executed.
1,Received with a defective zipper, very disappointed
1,Horrible, ripped the 3 days after I received them.  They are plastic if not plastic Very cheap leather.		 Very very slippery no grip whatsoever.	I don't even know why I bothered. I should have known by the price.		The stitching in the glove looked more glued Then actually stitched.
1,Not as impressed as other reviewers. I have difficulty splitting 6' and smaller 10-12" long dried oak logs.  Do not like the taper of the ax head, angle of cutting edge is not enough to help split the wood.  The hollow handle does not help in the balance of this ax. Also expensive for what I think is an inferior hatchet/ax!
1,cheap.. do not buy. came diry top string around neck ripped first time on.. cheap handle and shoulder strap..
1,I'm very disappointed in these. I wore a pair Friday, and they keep sliding down my arms. There's no point to wearing spf if the sun can get to your skin because the sleeves don't stay in place.
1,i bought this item to sight in my m4 and it worked great for 1 fo my scopes then I went to bzo my other scope an the laser was dead not the batteries. it is a peice of s*** I should have spent the doe on a better 1
1,Very noisy fabric.
1,Great concept but I needed to doctor it to hold together because the molded plastic piece that attaches to the rubber strap to secure the bottle to the gun barrel was either broken off or insufficient to work.
1,It's about 40 yards less off the tee then my pinnical ball its goes straight not far and hooks down in the air
1,The blind is nice, very roomy, sets up quick and very portable just like the other reviews say. Just one problem, the windows are too high, if you sit in a chair you cannot see out the blind. I'm not happy at all.  Now I have to build a 6" high floor inside so it can be used. I cannot recommend this blind unless you like to stand up for 3 hour wail hunting
1,Digs into forehead or nose. Unacceptably low-volume.	Why is a snorkeling mask which should be high-volume to fit everyone made instead just for scuba divers who need a low-volume mask?
1,Had a problem receiving the earings. The company corrected the issue but the earing broke the 1st time I wore them. Very disappointed.
1,perhaps this is a result of the pistol being too large for pocket carry, but it was worse with the holster and bulkier. i have had one of these in the past and loved it, this one was dissapointing
1,Disappointed. Received them quickly, followed instructions to the tee, installation was simple, the improved texture was awesome but they only lasted just over a month.
1,cheaply made, started fraying after the 2nd time I washed them. after the 5th time I washed them, they looked like I had had them for years
1,This dry suit runs extremely large! I probably had a foot of drysuit that I had to bunch around my ankles and calves.
1,Was not impressed. Yes the product will allow you to urinate while standing up or such but I could not find a way without exposing myself and that was my whole reasoning for purchasing this product.
1,Total crap. They ripped and let in water.
1,No weight, it flew off the table multiple times.
1,I wore this for a day. After rinsing it and notice the water were yellowish and rinse it again and it is still the same color. It is like it is salvaged from a flood.
1,I am 51 178lbs and this barely went over my thighs, imma big girl so I gave it a pass for that but was extremely tight on my legs and is hard to move in it. Then when I finally got it fully on and worked out I didn't even really sweat. All these other great reviews made me sure this would work but I guess Im unlucky.
1,Tore!!!
1,Received a very very old bottles of DMSO that most of the item was dry rotted and not in liquid form. I am very disappointed with the seller. No I will have to waste my time and try to return the item...if I can.
1,It will NOT stay inflated. We had to toss it. What a waste.
1,If you have large hands this may not be the one you want.  My hands are what I would call large, nor huge by any means.  It is not unusual for me to notice hands clearly larger than mine.  If you cannot comfortably fit into say for example WalMart type gloves that say they are "large" then I think you will find these uncomfortable and a bit frustrating to use as I have. Also the tension adjustment feature is not all I had hoped.
1,Sending these back. I've paid $50 from my usual supplier and saw an opportunity to save a few bucks with this tool. The jaws are not aligned properly and it strips one side of a ring from the strip and doesn't close it all the way before it pops out. Could be I got a dud unit but we use these tools a lot in our bird control business for installing nets and go through several hundreds of rings a day so I need something I can rely on.		Update: 3/2/13	Returning the second unit for the same reason. Cheaply made and don't work very well at all. Turns out I didn't get a dud at all. Back to the $50 ones.
1,not a good feel on the bridge of the nose.  seem a little small and tight.
1,We like this brand but one came dirty and used....
1,The lens popped loose after a few uses.  Otherwise, it's sturdy enough.  I never really got a chance to sight it in.  Doesn't run down batteries in storage, so that's a plus.
1,Filling all 6 chambers with the little fussy nozzels takes a long time.  Empty takes even longer as one must pinch the little valve to release the air.	Otherwise, comfortable and holds air throughout the night.	I plan to buy another brand before the next camping trip.
1,Mattress is failing just beyond the 90 day warranty. The internal seams are failing causing the mattress surface to bulge making sleep very difficult and hurting my back. Intex customer service was not the least bit moved. I loved this mattress and found it superbly comfortable but the durability issues render it mostly useless. So that is about 20 dollars a month for this bed. Very disappointed. I cannot recommend this bed due to reliability issues. Some have suggested overfilling is the problem. Well, the filling process is dummy proof in that the on board electric fan/pump only fills so much then stops filling. This mattress can not be overfilled.
1,I bought this with high hopes.  When I got it I blew it and it has a pee that can fail and its too hard to blow.
1,I got this because I couldn't find anything like it and figured Thule would have good engineering. It is a cheaply made set up but it works. The hardware provided is mostly very low quality. The directions are not very clear (the English directions look like a machine translation). Do yourself a favor and buy 8 relatively thin 2 1/2" lag bolts to mount the 4 rollers into studs (the directions say the screws/mollys provided are for concrete walls - I am not sure they would work on anything and in our standard American walls with studs, the screw heads are super soft and stripped very easily and the cheap plastic mollys won't grip the drywall either - very poor engineering on Thule's part). I would also get 4 toggle bolts to mount the outer two of the three brackets that end up being off the studs. The third, middle bracket in my set up fell right on the stud, so you can just use some regular dry wall screws.		So, in summary, the set up works but the hardware is garbage. The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because I couldn't find any other decent solutions without having to design my own lifting mechanism (the provided hand crank set up works fairly well.
1,Cover stretched 15 inches, during first rappel from tree. Sheath separated from rope core, & Terminal safety knot came undone. Cheap, heat-shrink tape came off at both ends. Carabiner is unsafe, non-standard, for climbing. See photo evidence.
1,Did not fit so I had to return it. Seemed very flimsy to put on a $2,000 tavor
1,Although it looks good and is well compartmented the supposedly lockable zippers lock thru a cheap plastic D-ring which can be easily broken. Not much security for a gun case! Being returned.
1,Just so-so.  Kept its color and basic size but not very useful for actually drying off.  Very thin and did NOT come with the bag it shows.  Disappointed.
1,too small of a platform for me.
1,I am using leather belt, therefore its making squeeze song when you moved.		Its not concealable as everyone notice the squeeze song on your body, maybe will work for web belt which I need to spend another $40 for it.
1,This was way too long to hang on the beams in my basement. The top of my heavy bag was chest level after hanging it with this pos chain. They should have made it adjustable. They wouldn't let me return this item after a short time of owning it.
1,As others have mentioned, it leaks when drinking. No matter how careful you are, liquid gets past the fold of the cover and runs down the back of the container. Exceptionally annoying when you're wearing a white shirt and drinking coffee when you figure this out. Do yourself a favor and buy something else.
1,I purchased this reel in spring 2012 and have used it for the past few months fishing striped bass. It was highly rated and relatively expensive...I am not happy at all with the quality of the materials used in manufacturing the President model. In particular, salt corrosion has seriously damaged the chromed?? parts such as the handle. It reminds me of cheap white metal that disintegrates under corrosion. Don't waste your money and efforts on this brand...I have 30 year old Penn spin fisher reels in better condition than this two month old Pflueger President reel....quite poor Chinese quality reels....
1,bad quality!
1,For one thing, these fit too small.  The band is uncomfortable and really digs in.  I definitely won't be buying these again.
1,Too big for a woman's neck.......for the product to work it needs to be touching your skin, speaking of which, the fabric is prickly......not helpful when you are overheated. I returned for full easy refund and gone back to using a cotton headband folded with ice inside and tie it around my neck....a little dripping but much more effective and less expensive.
1,I returned this item, it is very hard to get off once you are in it.  It takes someone else to pull it down in the back.
1,These seem fine at first, but after minimal use the screws become chronically loose (even with permanent loc-tite.  Handles are weak and break easily. At best, they are ok to throw as a novelty.
1,Like the knife but without a coin I can't even get the rest of the tools to open without bending my thumb nail back.. so I can't even use them..the only reason I give it a 2 star us that had I been able to access the other tools easily it would be a nice knife
1,Does not work with pistols.
1,I had to return it. I bought it for use in a revolver. While the laser did go off every time I pulled the trigger (even with snap caps in the gun), I had a hard time getting the unit to sight in and to seat properly in the barrel.		The windage adjustment was fine, but the elevation adjustment would not allow me to get the laser up enough. The best I could do was 2" below the target when I was 10 feet away. I tried it in various guns with the same result.		Also, the adjustment to seat the laser in the barrel was so sensitive that either it was too loose or too tight.		Nice idea, but it did not work for me,
1,Terrible clock! Do not buy! I bought it because I wanted to sport my team, but when it came it was garbage. It stopped ticking so I thought the battery went out and when I touched the clock, it started again. I ran into the problem where it stopped several times and eventually exchanged it for the same clock thinking maybe it was just an issue with that one. When I got the replacement, the same thing happened and I ended up returning it, eating some shipping costs in the process.
1,This is pure crap. Looks like it was made during the Soviet Union.
1,The grips I received are BRIGHT red and black striped. Flat matte finish. Doesn't look like natural wood at all.	Also the medallions are a sort of tarnished darker silver.	The grip texture is also much more aggressive than typical 1911 panels of this type.	If I didn't hate returning online purchases I would certainly send these back.
1,Very poor fit despite my triple-checking my measurements.
1,these hats are not what they seem, the color is usually off, and they are very cheap, it looks like a nice flat brim hat in the picture but in person not so much...its more bent
1,Plastic came off during the third use. Doesn't seem like a quality product.
1,Purchased this unit from another online retailer.  Received on Dec 23, Set up was as described in the instructions. Waited the recommended time, calibrated the unit, poured in powder, set the desired throw grain (19.0 gr h110 in my case). I loaded 50 rounds that night maybe had 4-5 overages, no biggie. Loaded my rounds cleaned out the unit with the included brushes. Unit sitting pretty on my stand. Dec 25 fired up the unit, warmed it up just like 2 days prior. Tried to Calibrate unit, once I put the 50 gram weight hit Cal key.....ERR. Tried it maybe 6-7 times.....ERR kept displaying. WTF! When I couldn't successfully Calibrate the unit I tried loading my 19gr of H110 as 2days prior.	 the unit gave me OVER, I hit the enter key as instructed. Unit locks up at this time. No longer have function of all the keys. I try to reset all electronics the way everyone does, unplug it and plug it back in. I turned the unit on and all i get is a blank lcd screen. Its too early in the game for a brand new unit to be giving me much frustration.  I have the dispenser back in its original packaging ready to send back sometime Dec 28.  I'm done with this auto charger!!!
1,haven't been able to either make it comfortable on my head or for it to 'channel' the sweat.  used it, I think, starting in July in pretty humid Missouri weather.  Definitely, helmet adjustment needed as well as adjusting the band itself; it just seems to tighten up while riding
1,sizes run small
1,Just a little soft , I had to go with Brass punches
1,Junk is all I can say.
1,The smell was so bad, no amount of airing out made it smell better. It would be like doing yoga in a tire store
1,This sucks, Leakes powder like a sieve and not accurate
1,It's like your the Batman of the hospital.  Looks awesome, works fine, but Made in China.  Did I mention I hate when stuff is made in China or Pakistan, or wherever they make cheap products with cheap labor?  Buy Rip Shears, they are the highest quality available, made in USA, and have more function to them.  It is no wonder that this entire unit is cheaper than the cost of one quality product.  Please do not listen to trolls (like the one who commented below), who like to write essays (check out their 5 star review), in order to try and convince you that this is a good product.  Always buy quality, it is longer lasting, cuts down on consumption, waste and effort, and is less of a headache overall.  The metal in these is so cheap that you can bend them in your hands.  In fact, I think I will put up a video of that.
1,Faded in two months on back window very poor product disappointing for licensed NFL product
1,Add misleading wish I hadn't purchased
1,no word on how to get the survival booklet supposed to be included, now...the teeth are simply stamped out and are not sharpened. must be why it is less cost than others..eh??  spend a bunch of time with a file and vise you might have something useful.  fire striker..pouch..etc seems same quality as the rest...handles are a pretty red plastic though.
1,I wasn't expecting much from this knockoff, but after 2-3 trips saltwater fishing, it barely opens. I always rinse all my gear off with a freshwater tap when I get home, but there is too much corrosion and sand inside the gears for the product to function. 2 stars because it might work better for freshwater applications, but don't bother if its going to be near saltwater. I will buy either the plastic grippers or spend the money on an actually Eastaboga Grip
1,The case locks are horrible and one locked me out for 40 minutes trying to open it with the combo that worked fine several times before. The locking capability s of the case make it difficult to access. Not great for a pistol case..
1,Too short!
1,VERY cheaply made.  Buy a different brand that has metal swivels and not plastic junk.
1,I first bought a size 9 as I was a bit confused (and really don't like buying shoes on the Internet),and yes, they were a bit big so, I bought a size 8 and...I really don't like the way they fit at all. IMOP that are too wide, and I like them to become narrow towards the toes.	I have a size 8 pair of boots from Wal-Mart that are steel toed and water proof and have a better fit.	This is just my opinion.
1,Looks strong but returned it because its really hard to to get it out of its holder,  The holder can be designed better.
1,I have a few friends who have bought this air mattress as well and all have the same problem, it will stay inflated the first day you own it but will never stay inflated after the first time. If you need this for a one time occasion it will do it's job and keep you or your guest happy but beyond that I wouldn't be expecting much.		I would recommend spending a little bit more money on a slightly higher quality mattress if you ever plan on using it more than once.		I have searched for leaks and could not find any, I believe the air was seeping from the seams or another weak point in the design.
1,The bottle holder itself isn't bad it just can't be tightened enough to stop it from slipping around. Its unusable on a mountain bike. I gave to my wife for her cruiser.
1,Very rough on your head, and can't fit right.  You have to wear a beanie hat to use.
1,These fit fine, but are not suitable for working out. The grey ones are cotton and show every drop of sweat! Soft and cozy to lounge around, but don't you dare exercise in these.
1,Makes no noise and does not fool the wolves which prowl around my yard.		Also, is rather heavy for my bed at night.
1,to big took forever just to get here
1,Poor quality and missing items.
1,These are fantastic all around pants either for relaxing, running to the store in on sitting in the theatre. First ones my wife lets me go out in, when I'm with her anyway. The fit on these are true to size. Adidas is all over the place with their sizes. I own the Adidas Adidas Double Up Mini-Mesh and although they are nice they run HUGE! I bought them in Large and I was swimming in them (6'1", 200lbs) so I ordered another pair in Medium and these were also huge. I can fit both legs in on leg and still have 3 times the room left over than any person could want. Almost done with this review and I look up and I'm actually reviewing the Double Up Mini-Mesh not the Adidas Firebird pants. Well I'll leave it go because it's more fitting for these pants anyway. If you want to look like you're wearing pants 5 sizes too big go with these, if you're looking for great fitting (true to size) sweats look for the Adidas Firebird Track pants, you will love them. I guess there are people looking for the fit these provide but even then I would buy a size down. You just can't wear these in your regular size no matter how cool YOU think it looks, you'll just look ridiculous. Changed my rating from a 5 to a 1 since this is for the Double Up Mini-Mesh Pants not the Firebird Pants. See these are a 1 and the Firebirds are a 5! The picture of the guy modeling these.......if he usually wears a large, he's wearing x-smalls in that picture! There is no way they fit like that. In the picture they look just relaxed and comfortable, you buy your size or even a size down and trust me you WON'T be looking like the picture! You decide.
1,When something seems too good to be true, you know the story.  And I bought two.  The pivot wobbles, the lock is a C-.  If this was a $12 knife I'd give it 3 stars just for the novelty aspect.  I'll wash them off and use them to open bags of birdseed.  If you are looking for a serious tool I'd recommend looking elsewhere.  I'm not returning either knife.  They'll serve as a reminder should I ever think to repeat this mistake.  And I will read every description from this point forward with the care and intensity of a Harvard Law grad.
1,Cheaply constructed almost unusable.
1,Hard to move in.
1,Claims to be waterproof.	Water was filled up inside the bottom of the bag.	Be sure to use to zip loc or plastic bag to hold whatever you don't want to get wet		The bike bag is big enough to fit 1 head lamp and battery, 1 bike light and battery, two cell phones and a little extra room left for clif bars an energy bars. Nice little internal bag area to hold your cars or ID Cards.
1,Pic on Amazon waaaay darker than what I received which is what I wanted. Check pic & you be judge. Material kinda scratchy & smelly. Overall not good, would return but too much hassle. Will spend a little more and get a nice merino wool version.
1,Light works fine, I got comments from drivers about its brightness.  However, the first time I went to charge it, the micro usb adapter broke off inside the unit.  Turns out that pulling away the rubber piece that prevents moisture from getting into the unit can put some pressure on the usb receiver.  Since it is only soldered to the motherboard and not secured with screws, this micro usb female adapter is vulnerable.  I returned the unit to Amazon and went with another brand.
1,Much smaller than I thought it would be. Not worth the money
1,I would love to give this glove a higher rating however it's poorly made.	1. The elastic band on the wrist doesn't allow much give. I have a difficult time removing and putting it on	2. Glove should be more tighter	3. After using only 2 time, the threading on the glove are fraying.
1,It looks cool and the quality seems decent. Practical application of this rig is not so good. I was infantry in the army and have seen and used much better. This rig is not very easy to put on or take off. If you want the mags to ride high like I do then it is VERY hard to put on. If you like the mags to be low on ur stomach then it is a little easier to use. The price is good though so even if you don't like it, it's not like you wasted a lot of money.
1,Broken spring at the same beginning.	Nothing else to say.
1,Disappointed that this shirt runs small and stiff fabric
1,finally got to a range to zero in the scope, mounted it properly but for some reason it shoots 20 inches off. ive adjusted it as far as i can and its off that much. im going to try tapping it and adjusting it back and forth while tapping it to see it it will correct. bummer....just passed the return policy window. 20 inches off...		I know the rifle is fine, iron sights are accurate.
1,I would like to update on the status of the oil spots which developed immediately upon use. I contacted Nikon and they asked me to send the unit in for repair. I asked them for a prepaid UPS label. Initially they did not want to do that, but after arguing with them they emailed me the return label. I sent my unit in to Nikon, and two days later received from them another unit, with a different serial number, back. They had chosen to replace my original unit. I took the new unit out to the course today, and by the middle of the round oil spots had appeared throughout the inside of the viewfinder. This time it is even worst, than the previous one. I will contact Nikon again, on Monday. There is obviously a problem with these rangefinders.
1,This does not cut down a tree very disappointed.
1,I love the color of these socks and hoped they would work for me.  I was looking for non-binding socks and these were extremely tight on me and also left marks on my legs of the design on the sock.  Much to tight and uncomfortable for me.
1,To short in length for me! I have several other that fit well!. Maybe just me!
1,I don't like it
1,said it would fit weaver not the best fit had to sand and grind to make fit, but other than that very sturdy
1,The scissors are cheap, but that was to be expected. Unfortunately the same can be said for 90% of the contents. Mine came packed with the latex gloves wrapped around the steel tweezers, which is a great way to puncture the thin gloves. The best thing about this kit is that if you have it, you have something, however, I cannot say it was money well spent. The case is not well designed, and one of the inner pockets has an opening that faces down requiring you to almost turn it inside out to use that pocket or get to its contents. There are 2 straps joining the two halves inside making it impossible to lay it out flat once opened. I am really disappointed in this product all-around. It's not even worth my time to try to return it at this point, I will simply throw it in the back of the truck as a last resort and go back to trying to find one that is worth having. I guess you have to buy Meret products which cost twice what they should to get any kind of quality these days. If you want something for an occasional boo-boo that requires a band-aid or an aspirin, or you just want something that will make your "tactical" bag look cooler, this is your kit.
1,I don't care for this modle it did not fit the bike correctly and when i opened it up there were marks on it like someone had used this derailluer before and it was supose to be a new one. I sent the derailluer back and amazon has been great about that so far.
1,Gun side works great, Ammo side is short and doesnt allow for a comfy fit.
1,Finally got a chance to use this and line breaks like crazy. Almost like it's freyed
1,I have been waiting to buy this knife for awhile. I was expecting 440C and I got 440A, and a poor quality sheath. Ixm just incredibly disappoint. Has Boker come to a place were they are now incapible of making a good quality knife, it seems like it.
1,This was not the item I received in the mail. Instead, I received two, much thinner bracelets of the same brand. I have no use for them.
1,Great product but on the extremely tight side. My son will not wear it because it is soo small
1,I only gave 2 stars because this is an aftermarket Glock tool and not an OEM tool. You will not get what is pictured or what is described. Not wasting the time to send it back. Could have gotten the same tool for half the price from other sellers. The tool that was sent does work but it has rough/sharp edges, its shaped like a 6 sided star and is longer than it has to be. I will use it but im not happy with it or the seller. I will be  taking my future business elsewhere.
1,I bought 2 and returned them upon arrival.  One was on sorta stiff but not what you'd be looking for in a stiff rope halter.  The other was stiff in some places other places soft.  Colors were true, and the twisted look is cool.  I would not recpmmend this for groundwork training though.  Strictly general purpose. You can get a custom made one at any number of online stores for less than 20 bucks.  That's what I ended up doing.
1,It's a cool-looking bag, however that's about it. It shows it as being able to change from backpack to messenger bag-style, however when you change it to a messenger bag, there is that metal piece that rests right on your collar bone area. Not comfy. Anyway, the bag we received was defective - the metal end on one of the straps wasn't attached properly, which would have led to fraying and constant drama trying to do/undo the straps.
1,I love the color and the thickness of the mat but in a yoga class my hands and feet slip and slide forget a hot yoga class! I had to purchase a yoga towel to place over the mat.
1,Returned to Amazon, programing instructions were so bad that I could not set the time and date and other settings were crazy. Too bad.
1,Might have been my rifle - Ruger Blackhawk - but I was getting so many flyers I could not sight these in.
1,This was useless, it does not conform to the chin and this was not comfortable at all - nor was the strap placement good, - it needs to be redesigned...make the plastic softer and move the supports ....
1,As I read the reviews, I begin to wonder more and more if CS isn't writing some of these reviews on Amazon.  The blade will come to you dull.  You will spend around $300.00 on various grades of stones to sharpen it, and it will take approximately 4 months before the blade begins to perform in a way shown in the CS demo videos.  After all that, the blade edge turns over easily on hard targets because this is the lowest grade of high-carbon steel on the market.  As a result, you must resharpen it often if you use it often.  Lastly, the lower carbon steel is tough and will bend before it breaks, but only up to a point.  If you bend it too far or too often it will take a set and will need to be re-straightened. It would cost you more money to have this re-straightening done than you spent on the sword to begin with.
1,I am not a fan, I felt like the towel kept sticking to me and not really drying me off. I got it for the gym when I took a shower because it was lighter and smaller than a regular towel. I do not plan on using it again.
1,The video convinced me NOT to buy this product.  It implies there are issues with the components when all I wanted was to see the product features and how to set it up.  Maybe this is a good product but I can not tell.
1,Well made, easy to assemble, quality product.
1,Not quite as good as I expected, not as long either....Attachment parts are not as secure as I prefer either.
1,Complete and utter crap, I couldn't feel the wind because my hands were so damn cold. I had to "Preheat" them before rides and if you use them when driving you might find yourself taking these off because they will keep your hands cold even after the car warms up. Sure I didn't loose much money on them but damn, these things suck.
1,I bought this Party Animal flag in September 2008.  It's now March 2009 and the flag is tattered on the back edge.  I live in Houston, so we don't have strong winds very much.  I took the flag down during several storms with strong winds, but it's still tattered after only 6 months.  I would not recommend this item.
1,Bought this Sportline 345 a year ago and it doesn't work right.  Same distance walked one day was 4700 steps and next day 2400. Tested at home and it skips steps, sometimes 4 to 1.  Junk.  Buy Omron or Timex and save yourself a headache and $20.
1,Cheap pos.
1,I didn't like it for my big shepherd. You need to make sure that both sides are totally even for it not to slide off the back to either the left or the right. Munchies on one side and water bottle on the other and we had nothing but problems with the pack staying even on his back. Item was returned.
1,Just bought this light. Great packaging. Garbage product. Light as bright as my 8 dollar light I bought at cvs (temporarily until my replacement came). Made of plastic		Waste of money.
1,They seem decent enough for hanging light things, however  whenever I undo them using the quick release button or wiggle them to actually get them onto molle straps, the top part (with the quick release button and the spring) go launching off into the ether.		This happens WITHOUT FAIL, every time. As such, I'd have a hard time relying on them when camping or otherwise out where tiny black anodized springs would be near impossible to find.
1,I don't know what these other reviewers bought this for, but this is not made for LEO's and everyday wear full of gear. I should have known that at 7.99 but gave it a shot anyway. I gave it to my son as a toy then put my uncle mikes belt back on. If this was advertised as costume wear or a toy I would have gave it 5 stars. Lol.
1,Very thin. Not soft at all. The one I got even had a run in the material(damaged) and it arrived on a hanger and the hanger was so tight it damaged the towel. I would not recommend this towel. The graphics are beautiful and just as bright as shown but you would not want to wrap this towel around you. We are returning it.
1,The filter MIGHT work, but the bag (collapsible bottle) is USELESS. I took this on a backpacking trip without testing it: horrible mistake. The design of the bag will only allow a very small amount of water: I had it in a running river and could not gather water in the bag, it was very frustrating. I ended up relying on my friend's Platypus filter system the whole time, and bought my own when I got back to civilization. Maybe the filter is good for the size, you can drink from a puddle, but don't use the stupid bag.
1,Really big and bulky - and didn't end up keeping my ice frozen for that long compared to other coolers.  It's now sadly in the garage with a stack of towels on it.  Will likely end up in a garage sale.  Sad, because i was really excited about the rolling feature.
1,this  product does not have any warranty and it gave out after 45 days and I couldn't get a replacement, a waste of money. The Coleman comes with a one year warranty and I just got a replacement after 45 days of use.  Get a Coleman.
1,Strap was made well only it wasn't the correct size.
1,the stun part no longer works.... says lifetime warranty... question is whos lifetime?
1,I bought two of these to try and save space on inside my pack, by being able to carry my water on the exterior of my pack as one would plan on using these for. The velcro is sew as good as one can expect for the price. I wasn't expecting this carrier to be the bee's knees, I just wanted something affordable that would work. Once i got the velcro adjusted I attached the carriers to the molle on my pack and let me tell you that it will work fine, until you pick up the bag and start hiking. The snaps just suck and there isn't any velcro on the in side of the straps either to help keep the water bottles from swaying around while you are hiking. So instead of returning them, I plan on investing in a couple strips of velcro and some glue for the snaps. If I were you I'd just spend a couple more dollars somewhere else and get something better.
1,Nice basket. Well made. NOT RECOMMENDED FOR OUTSIDE USE ?????? WHAT THE @&^$^%$ ??!!??	Spend another 13 bucks and get one that is !!! The Lightning DB-5 is built for permanent	outdoor use.  And only 13 dollars more !!!	Disc Golf is played outdoors. Make a basket that is for permanent use outdoors. For this	it gets a 1 star from me and I'm being very generous.	What a waste of 200 dollars !
1,I specifically ordered this flashlight because it had the push right / push left power button. Instead i recieved a flashlight with a rubber button on each side that is tactically inefficient. I own both real rifles and play airsoft 3x a week in competative environments and this flashlight is getting taken off my gun and thrown into my tool box. Using this little button in a real scenario would be a serious disadvantage. Reaching the button for a quick light up and power off is painfully slow!!!		***Product recieved is not what is pictured.
1,I feel the fabric is low quality. You get what you pay for, maybe? They aren't particularly comfortable for lounging around or for working out and they don't look great for going out. I hope after more than 1 wash they'll get softer for lounging.
1,Feels cheap, falls off my big head very easily so I can't imagine how easily it would fall off a smaller persons head. Lightweight as advertised, but that's about all it's got going for it.
1,Plastic, cheap boots. It was a mistake to get these. Like my wife always says "Don't go cheap on footwear!".
1,If I ride over a big bump the light comes off itscclip and flies off. So... that's dangerous and a waste of money. It also turns itself on randomly sometimes. I should have returned it but for some reason I didn't. :(
1,Wow, the size couldn't be more off
1,The bottle I received makes a weird noise when I am drinking from it. The sound gets a chuckle from my husband and my kids each time I use it, but I don't want to risk stares from people outside of my house, so I never take it anywhere with me. Additionally, it gathers a lot of condensation...it kind of needs its own attached coaster to solve this problem, or to be more insulated, but it lacks in both areas. The only thing I really like is the size...I will be replacing this for something more carefully designed.
1,because I had to return it. Brightness alone would be a 10/10. However, the mount does not work at all. It was way too tight. If I forced the light in all the way down there is a possibility that it may work...or it may crack. If I didn't force it all the way down there is the possibility that I could hit several bumps and it would go flying off. Either way without a functional mount all you have is a nice light. I'm not sure what to do with a nice light and nowhere to clip it on to. With a functional mount this could possibly be a 10/10 light. All the flashing modes were great. I cannot recommend this light since you will not be able to use it.		-----Update 10/21/16---------	I liked this light so much that I purchased a 6 dollar mount from Blutzu's website (I believe Blutzu is the parent company). Now the light is 100% operational. However, I am not changing my rating because I'm sure most people do not want to spend another 6 dollars and waste time on waiting for another part to arrive. It is just not fair. If all mounts were as bad as the original one that I received then I'm not sure how other users even got it to work.		I still would not recommend this light because it is unfair to receive a piece of equipment that does not function. I am glad that I got the mount to work now, but I would not do it over again. LE please update us when you fix your mounts!		-----Update 3/21/17---------	This is not my daily use rear helmet light. I've bumped the rating up 1 star because of how good this light is. Yes without a good (included) mount it may be considered useless. However, I liked this light so much that I made it work. Maybe I just got a bad mount. For the price and quality I don't think there is anything on the market better. I've purchased CatEye and Cygolite. Those are my favorite expensive brands. For $10 for this light there is nothing even close to this. Buy it....just pray that it includes a good mounting system. Otherwise whip out the super glue.
1,Not crazy about this product. As others have mentioned, it's hard to use without breathing some of it in. If breathing it in doesn't bother you, then it does help prevent slipping.  I unfortunately bought a 5 pack - not use what I'm going to do with all of them now :-(
1,Fuzzed up after one use and looks like cheap fleece. It doesn't have much stretch to it. I have bought nicer ones at walmart. The only reason I bought one on here was because they were out of season in my area and we had an extra long winter this year and a late snow.
1,Junk and a toy!
1,Not impressed key holes are on oppisite sides. So to have key holes on same side you have to turn them oppisite.
1,Do yourself a favor. Either buy a $99 bike from Walmart, or spend an extra $150 and get something better.		These bikes are complete garbage. Since owning mine, I've had to spend about $100 in repairs. The bottom bracket crank arm bolt is chronically loose, which causes the aluminum arm to strip out. I've tried lock-tite, and torquing down the bolt. Neither have worked. Next, I replaced the entire BB. Still loosens up.		I've had the seat post clamp( one that clamps seat to the rail), snap as well. The spoke tape has had to replaced on both wheels. I think I've walked this bike home four or five times now, and have only had it for a little over a year.		If you buy a Wal-Mart bike, at least you can get a refund. I emailed support a week ago, but have received no response. This seems contrary to the one year warranty the company allegedly stands behind.
1,I ordered this on a Tuesday and on Thursday it showed delivered. Got home to find a desk instead of a scooter obviously a fulfillment screw up. The replacement came on Saturday and after a full charge tried it out. First it definitely does not do 15 miles per hour. Secondly it is nice and quiet and smooth ride once I inflated the tires. My seven-year-old seems to like it so I guess that's what all that matters.	On a different note I think it's past time that razor upgrade their technology to lithium-ion batteries. 12 hour charging time is just unacceptable in today's day and age.
1,Lighter weight vinyl than I expected.
1,This will do it's job but it is very thin and lightweight. i can see it breaking down by the sunlight and falling apart in short time. even the rings at the corners are very tiny but big enough to do their job. So many times i buy something from a pic and when I get it I hold it in my hand and say what a piece of crap.  Remember the old adage you get what you pay for.
1,This is actually the 2nd Spartan I bought, the 1st one has some problems with the rusting issue and loosen locking bar, the 2nd one came rusted directly out of the box, very disappointed with the quality of Spartan. I own 2 other Cold Steel knives, the new Recon 1 and the Rajah II, they don't have these prblems.		I really like the design of the Spartan and really want to have one, but the quality issues are bothering me a lot, actually I don't even want to try buying another one anymore...
1,Nice sight just needs a vertical adjustment
1,I buy this and the blade says china! Very cheap knife. not sharp! Skiny blade. I put 2 stars because the price. Its cheap like the quality. Is arround $10.00 or less don't pay more!
1,I got a kettlebell for xmas and wanted a video so I purchased this one.  Big waste of money!  The chick does like 3 reps of an exercise and then you have to wait 30sec and it repeats like this.  Funny, I thought it was an exercise video.
1,Pen needs better ink. you have to press really hard to have ink come out and look decent. Would not recommend.
1,Just received.  Looks like decent quality.  When checking on extra batteries, noticed several other identical sights for much less.  They have different names, same sights.  Returned this and immediately ordered one at $25.00 less.
1,Haven't caught a fish so far, but the line is extremely strong for the 20 lb. rating.  Can't use your teeth to cut it.		Editing my review.  Not sure if this is the case with all braided line, but I experienced a lot of tangles with this line.  It seems the line will start to get rough and start to catch on itself.  The line also does not wind itself onto the reel well and sometimes it would pop off the spool, also causing tangles.  Going back to poly.  Good news is, I did catch some fish!
1,Don't fit into the magazines very well.  Bottom plate doesn't seat properly.
1,This would work all right as a bullet seting press or a priming press but beter leave the sizing to something with a little more meat to it . the stops are not realy great on this press I keep wanting to push the handle fruther than it gose will not work on large cal. rifles (30-06) and did not work well for me on 45 acp
1,Started wearing out after the first use, barely enough to cover you from the rain, metal rivets pop out easily.
1,I have tried to like these reels, but they are terrible. I bought two of the 120A models and both jam up constantly. You try to cast and they lock up...over and over. I've tried different line, cleaning them, oiling them, cursing them, praying for them...doesn't matter...they just suck. I have an old Daiwa reel from the 80's and it is still awesome, but clearly I shouldn't have bought these junkers. I would LOVE to ship them back and get my money back...heck, even half my money would be better than none. I wasted $60 on two of these, please don't make that same mistake.
1,Purchased Tacstar 4-Shot Shell Carrier Mossberg 500, 590.  Order missing mounting hardware.  Could not install without mounting hardware.  Not happy with incomplete product delivery.
1,There is almost no "splatter" effect on these. You can't see your shots any better than on a regular target.
1,Bought it in the summer and enjoyed it.  It seemed sturdy and it throws good.  When winter came I went out to throw and the first throw the handle snapped in two.  However I enjoy the head a lot so I made a new handle and it works great.  I don't know why they don't either make a full tang version or create a better handle because the metal is awesome.
1,cheap
1,This is a horrible idea and weighs as my as my backpack with all gear
1,Initially I was really excited about this vest. Adjusts well on shoulders. However, I mounted a double AR magazine pouch (4 mags) in the lower mid chest area. The mesh and the stitching immediately began to s-t-r-e-t-c-h which caused me to lose confidence for serious carrying duties. The back has a nice pouch built in (hydration). However, standard 2 liter bladder had to be folded by 1/3 to fit which defeated the purpose. Perhaps a 1.5 oz bladder may fit better.
1,This tarp is very poorly made and will not last long. Don't waste your money on it.
1,I never thought that a reputable company like Hornady would make something this cheap and flimsy. I will keep it and fill the bottom with lead shot and glue a 1" base on it. I will then go to my lathe and make stop collars to keep the spindle in place. my advise by a different one.
1,Don't go cheap on waders is the lesson that I have learned.
1,Would not adjust just a red dot that left you wondering where your rounds would impact.
1,Runs big & looks like boy pants.  My daughter hated that they look like boy pants.  She usually wears a 12 reg jean & the medium was slightly large on her.  The adjustable waist is a couple of Velcro tabs on the front waist, not much adjustment, they seem like nice thick snow pants.... We  Returned ours...
1,Should have paid attention to the other reviews. I'm joining in with the statement that they will leak in your backpack. I've since started just using empty soda bottles which work much better and cost a lot less.
1,top of the shoulder straps slip out and i nearly dropped my guns a few times grabbing it by the strap and picking it up. Really don't know why the top of the straps are adjustable anyways bottom is enough.
1,this is a very good product, a little hard to use, would recommend it to all users, thank you very much
1,Do yourself a favor after buying this. Throw away the garbage plastic scope that comes with it to save yourself a headache experimenting what is the most accurate pellet.	I wasted whole week zeroing the rifle. I almost return it but I gave it one last try by replacing the plastic scope with a 24 bucks Simmons 4x32 and its a hundred times more better. Now it can hit a 2 inch group.	I'm giving it 1 star because instead of iron sight they chose to give a useless plastic garbage scope which is unusable.
1,Tried this one twice already.  It's a bummer, so far.  If it catches more fish in the future, I'll upgrade this review.
1,Did not like the feel
1,This arrived totally lopsided and unwearable. The worst part is that there is a piece of twine hot glue gunned around the outside. It's ugly, but way worse if you try to remove it as there are thick clumps of dried glue all over it. I tossed it.
1,I thought this would be a great chair but it turned out to be way too tiny. It didn't seem constructed as well as my chair but since I didn't keep it I can't comment on longevity. Returned.
1,junk bearings used once in indoor rink made noise rolled like they have sand in them gonna soak in liquid graphite to see if that help should of spent the extra money on twin cam bearings
1,If you want to strip you barrel nut and ruin the finish by this.
1,This was the biggest waste of money I have ever spent. This tool is completely useless, anything you can do with this you can do with a knife. Unless you plan on chopping Tooth picks don't waste your money on this.
1,This cap is more of a child's sized cap than an adult medium.  I am not sure that even a large of this cap would fit the average adult head. While it seems to be top quality, it is simply small. Ordering at least one size larger than normal seems well advised.
1,NOT ANY BETTER THAN POINTED
1,Biggest piece of JUNK I've ever bought!!!
1,Not up to par. The basket is fine, but the handle when extended is flimsy and actually bends simple when putting the end on the floor, let alone when sweeping with the basket attached. Returned it and bought an Ammo Broom<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/AmmoBroom-Pistol-Rifle-Brass-Collector/dp/B0070LDKTU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">AmmoBroom Pistol & Rifle Brass Collector</a>, steel handle in several interlocking pieces which is rigid when assembled. Handle pieces and cage can easily fit in a medium to large range bag. Easy putting together and getting apart. Also, can replace any parts that eventually need replacing instead of buying a new one.
1,the product liquid itself is fine. the problem is the bottle. cheap crispy and thin plastic. be ready of leak and broke.
1,It's just one unit and expensive for just one
1,I played about 3-4 times a week for several months with this paddle and it seemed fine for my first one. However, the handle just broke and it's unusable and unreturnable. What a piece of crap! I took excellent care of it and didn't abuse it. Going to Gamma for my next one.
1,This camera is junk never worked from the start and cuddeback makes every excuse not to replace it.	Doesnt save or take pictures hardly ever
1,I ordered a size 2 and received a size 12. The material seemed like of good quality but the item could not be used.
1,could not figured this out , i just never get it to work .
1,it don't work, no instruction
1,great if you like see through yoga pants. don't bend over, you have been warned. maybe okay for shopping at wal-mart.
1,The last cover I bought from West Marine ($60) was a light weight fabric that the sun destroyed in about 9 months.	This cover is more like a light canvas so I'm confident it will last much longer.  It is waterproof as well...		UPDATE:  2/2016 the cover I raved about is now torn.  Putting it on as I normally do today and it ripped and is no longer useable.  Seems the sun has cooked it to the point that it's very brittle and needs to be replaced.  It is still a much better cover than the one I purchased from West Marine but I sure didn't get 5 yrs out of it like the warranty claims.  Maybe 5 warranty assumes its in your garage and not out in the sun?
1,What a joke. No compression and run large
1,These are both inexpensive and cheap, if you take my meaning. Believe the reviews that say some of these are broken on arrival.
1,When I received the rod the tip was broken off.  The packaging seemed to be fine and the broken tip was not inside.  The rod must have been broken when it was packaged.  Not worth the hassle of returning it.  I'll get a tip eye and repair it.  The rest of the rod appears to be OK.
1,Looks a lot cooler in the picture.  I'm short and stocky and it was too short for me. Sits high on hips and wrists.
1,Peeled off paper cover and applied to helmet. Stays on a couple weeks and a few rides, then falls off. I wouldn't buy it again.
1,I'm still on the fence about these...they could be great for summer hikes but I don't think they'll do for winter.		The Good:	+Light-weight: lighter than most the poles I've used, great for longer treks	+Adjustable: massive range in height, I'm 5'7" and was at the shortest marked height. Also the lever locks are nice versus the twist lock mechanism		The Bad:	-Baskets Don't Stay On: on the first trip the basket on one pole fell off three times, luckily I was able to find it, but not something I'd like to worry about	- Foam Grips: these absorbed a lot of water and ended up soaking my gloves through	-Telescoping Pole: one of the lower sections of my poles came out in the snow, I was able to but it back on and couldn't tell if it was a fluke or if this may happen often in the future
1,Dates/conditions not at all whats pictured and described.
1,in the inside of the holster, their should be plastic on metal on both sides so that the gun comes out.as is the gun gets caught on the edge of the inside top because one side has a plastic sort of slide and the other side has cloth. GUN GETS CAUGHT ON THE CLOTH.
1,The fabric on this towel is not soft. does not "glide" well when you use it to wipe sweat. It tends to "stick" to the skin.  Fabric toughness irritates the skin.
1,Goggles did not fit, too big and leaks.  Instructions inside goggle case said nose piece was adjustable but they aren't.  Emailed vendor to point this out and adding that cost of goggles did not warrant returning them.  Vendor suggested I return for refund.  Obviously they did not pay attention to my email and did not address the issues.
1,I didn't buy this pump from Amazon. But I need to speak up to save others aggravation. I bought this at my LBS. I liked the bigger gauge as it was crazy easy to read. However, the pump head keeps coming off the hose and the pump head is too large also which becomes quite obvious when the damn thing won't release from the presta valve and you're banging your hands off of bladed spokes. Save yourself the hassle, bypass this pump. Although if you changed the adapter to something even quite larger it might make a nice penis pump?
1,The hose nozzle didn't fit into the hole in the ball to blow it up. It came with 2 nozzles and I used the small one as per the instructions, but it just wouldn't fit and when I pushed hard it would bend the nozzle but it wouldn't go into the hole. It seemed to be getting caught up o the lip of the air passage cutout. It was very frustrating.
1,Mad that they run so small. Get a size bigger than usual, buyers.
1,These blocks are sized as described, black in color, and support me fine (although there's a little give). They smell terrible though. You know that funky smell that everything made in China has? Like kerosene, benzene, or gasoline? Well, imagine that smell right next to your face and all over your hands from working out near, and handling, these blocks.		 I ordered a natural cork block to use instead. It was twice the price, but worth it. These are going to be returned. They simply smell horrible.
1,I've worn both versions of the Fitbit and also the Jawbone Up24.  I have to say, this is the worst of the available monitors. The band chips and scratches easily, and it has sharp edges that catch on clothing and pull the threads out of it.  It reports stairs when you didn't climb stairs.  When you DO climb stairs, it doesn't report them.  As far  as  a sleep monitor, you might as well set a stopwatch because that's basically what it is, and you have to both start and stop it manually.  The heart rate and oxygen function is erratic to say the least. The customer service is absolutely the worst I have ever experienced from any company.  This would be my last choice -- buy anything else but this.
1,They would stay in place.
1,does not fit j frame with hi viz sight or bull bbl -- literature does not tell you this till it arrived --however they took it back no problem
1,Had a great deal of trouble getting this to work. Even now you can't see all the numbers clearly(parts missing when you look at the number)
1,This unit needs to go back to the design lab..Warning on package that it can cause birth defects and Cancer due to the Mercury tilt switch inside.  This prouct should d take in the safety first approach - sorry Berkley :(
1,returned; small sized. would need to up size at least one probable two.
1,Falls out of the housing unit attached to the bicycle so easily. Since it is heavier metal, when it falls out on concrete while biking, it takes more of a beating because of the weight I assume. Won't last long. For the money, I wouldn't buy again. This is just a tactical light with a holder for handlebars that aren't very sturdy to begin with. Wouldn't buy again. Avid bicyclist here.
1,It gets tangled all the time
1,Too tall for my installation.
1,I bought four of these tubes.  My tires has worn, so I replaced them.  I figured I'd just replace the tubes too, they were as old as the worn out tires; never had a flat!  First ride, major blowout in the rear.  Tube ripped at the seam.  I assumed I mounted wrong, even though I double checked as I always do that nothing was pinched, I have the benefit of the doubt.  Ride 2, front goes flat.  Must've picked up a thorn I think, unlucky.  Ride 3, front goes flat AGAIN.  Now I removed the tire and scrubbed it, surely a thorn wasn't left in there?  So I grab the two leaking tubes (the blown out one was obvious), and put them under water.  Lots of little air bubbles blowing out towards the surface from the seams.  So I take the fourth right out of the box, put a little bit of air in it... And, you guessed it.  It's leaking. At the seams.		All four tubes were bad. All four had bad seams.		Never again Continental.
1,Updated:	At first I really liked these sleep masks. I had to make a small adjustment, but they seemed to work well so I gave them four stars. Well, now that I have used it for a while, the red sleep mask leaves black marks from the strap all over my sheets. The black dye will not wash all the way out, so I have ruined a nice set of sheets. I don't know if this is the case with all the masks from this company or just mine. So beware when you purchase.		These sleep masks are pretty good, especially for the price. You get two masks, two sets of foam ear plugs (which I don't use), and a carrying case. I really like that these are contoured over the eye area so there is no pressure on the eyelid. The only reason they didn't get five stars is the nosepiece. I found it to be a little too wide. I had to perform minor surgery and cut out a small v-shaped piece of material from the nosepiece in order to make the mask block out more light from the bottom and take pressure off the bridge of my nose. Now they work great, but I probably decreased the lifespan of the masks. But for the price, I don't think that will be problem Time will tell.
1,There is not
1,this is a waste of money worked about 3 months bulb quit then stun quit good thing i don't depend on this for life protection thats what guns are for
1,These are knockoffs. I noticed the material is completely different than before, the tightness of the shoe is horrible, and the sizing is completely different. Save your money, and go-to the store.
1,The picture is not very accurate. This hat has no form whatsoever. It is made from a very thin "floppy" material. Almost like a "dry fit" t-shirt material.
1,Cheap. One time use!
1,This is a wonderful tool for camping, for lunchboxes, etc. This one just missed the mark on craftsmanship, as it's very flimsy and the fork is lame. I am on the search now for a quality item like it.
1,This was way, way smaller than expected. It's microscopic. Fair enough, my fault for not reading the fine print. I imagined using it as a key holder itself. It's way to small for that. You could perhaps use it to clip on key onto a larger key ring.
1,Not sure if the can that I got was older or was in a bad batch but I came back from Belize looking like I got chicken pox. I applied regularly, even after sweating but I still got bit especially around my ankles and arms.
1,The clock looks nice, it worked for about a day and then it stopped working. It would only work if I put a lot of pressure on the back. It seems to be poorly constructed where the battery is placed.
1,Not as loud as I would like. Hard to hear while on a riding mower
1,Junk broken first use
1,This would be a good product, esp at this price; however, it started to come apart at the seams very quickly.  I'll need to throw it out.
1,I've been using a Contigo mug which has been fine except it doesn't fit well in my car cup holder so I want looking for one that would be more car cup friendly.  This Aladdin seemed to fit the bill.  When I received it I realized it was more than an inch taller than the Contigo even though both are rated as 16oz mugs.  The black coating on the Aladdin was cool and provided a good contrast to all the stainless steel mugs on the market.  The downside was once it was filled.  The unit that I received had a small leak about 45 degrees to the right of the pressure release/sipping mechanism button.  I returned the mug the next day and am still looking for the perfect mug.		The return process at Amazon is great - sorry I had to use it though.
1,Wore these once, and they are coming undone next to the hill, (both)
1,POS.  Nothing but trouble for years regardless of servicing actions.  I despise them.
1,Started off fine. Would not fog up. After a couple days it started fogging up. Coincidently it began fogging up when the clips in the back for the trap broke.		Way happy at first. Not anymore
1,I like a firm foam roller, but with the blue part on, this is ridiculously hard.
1,Broken 2 of these. Dont want to pay fee plus processing to return.
1,It came sharp but had absolutely no point on it and I expect better from buck
1,The case is terribly flimsy, and the foam padding isn't glued in, so the top foam falls out every time you open the case. This case isn't even worth $10.  Sure it has room for 2 guns (or more) but the flimsy design allows things to move around inside, meaning your guns will get dinged up if you attempt to move around with 2 guns inside. The only way this case will prove useful is if you gorilla glue the foam to the case shells, and use it to transport 1 rifle or shotgun. It would serve fine to store an AR15 or M4 with carry handle with optics mounted, with forward grips and rifles with similar setups. You don't even have to collapse the buttstock. Other than the transport or storage of a single long gun (poorly at that), this case has no use and Plano should cease producing such garbage. There are better cases for much less money.
1,The length of the case is too short to store most of fishing rods. My fishing rods are not fit. It only fits ice fishing rods.
1,crappy ill fitting and not warm. these are not windstoppers though the logo is meant to look like it.	the company was kind enough to offer a refund but they really need to improve the quality across the board
1,Bought because they were 5 bucks at a local gun shop. Sucks! Immediately jammed, which isn't the worst, but the recovery on these is pretty nasty. They get really jammed and fray and shred. No bueno.
1,Knife is great for the most part however the inside of the forward finger loop is almost as sharp as the blade. If you apply any forward pressure in that loop it will cut you. SOG  could have spent another 30 seconds filing that loop, chamfering that edge or something, really poor design. I sliced into my finger with it day 1, almost bad enough for stitches.
1,Not as expect, not easy to use as advertised.
1,This is not a concealed carry holster. Extremely bulgy and impossible to hide under almost any clothing. Aside from just being bulky it doesn't keep the firearm held tight and close towards the belt line. Instead it allows it to sag down 1-2 inches. Suppose it could work ok for open carry. Way better holsters out there.
1,I was impressed with Feedback Sports Mechanic Bicycle Repair Stand quality and the especially the tripod stand which is very stable. It was easy to setup and adjust the height. I used to do repair with my bike on the floor and it painful enough to keep the bike from moving and secure while doing repair. I did so much research for bike repair stand and decided to get the Feedback Sports Mechanic Bicycle Repair Stand based on my tight budget. I selected this model because the I wanted a good spinner knob that can hold the bike easily and secure.		My only complain with this model is that the Large Knob which hold the bike position from tilting down or up during work is not well design. They should replace the large hand knob with a spinner knob like the other high-end model. After I have mounted the bike and clamped my seat-post, it always tilt left downward. I have to tighten the large knob several time to make sure it does not spin or tilt downwards when I work on the bike. When I removed my rear wheel, the bike tilted down again and I have to tighten again the large hand knob. I am not sure how much force I need to apply so that the bike does not tilt down when I am doing any repair work.		I have contacted Feedback Sport for help and hope they can advice on how to tighten the large knob. I am going to use the product again for few more days and if the large knob issue still remain, I might return the product back to amazon and purchase a higher end model which uses spinner knob instead of the large hand knob.		UPDATE: I tried to use the bike repair stand again this morning but it is frustrating the bike still tilt downwards after I have tighten the large knob. It is ok if you just use the repair stand to clean the bike BUT if you put some pressure on the handle bar or work on the front wheel, it tilt down again. I gave up and will return the product back to Amazon. I will NOT recommend this product to anyone and Feedback Sports has not replied to my email.
1,Just sent these back. The individual weights are contained in a plastic "bag" type of arrangement. One of the ankle weights came with one of these plastic weight bags caught in the zipper. You could not unzip the entire ankle weight without tearing the packet, or breaking the zipper. The other was fine, but you could see how easy it would be to catch on of the weight packets in the zipper. The idea is a good one, if not for the chance of snagging the zipper. Need a better containment setup for the individual weights that go into each compartment.
1,This is the 2nd whistling tea kettle that I purchased recently, and I like it for the following reasons:		- it has a wide bottom that captures more heat. The water inside is in contact with more metal and boils quicker.	- it is designed for gas stoves, i.e. it is more efficient on a gas stove, i.e. the water boils quicker	- the whistle works and is loud enough so that I can hear it from 2 rooms away		Alas, I also see rust developing around the welded seam between the top and bottom halves on the inside after only several weeks of use. Another dud.
1,Update: 11/06/2016.  So I did get a replacement pair of waders from Amazon.  And I am sad to report that on my first outing the right foot on the replacement pair leaks as well.  I used them again yesterday for an all day fly fishing trip and the results are the same.  Middle of the day my foot was damp.  End of the day my right sock was wet.  I'm going to change my rating to 2-stars in that the product quality just isn't consistent.  There are so many good reviews here, but getting two bad pair in a row makes it really hard for me to want to go for round three.  And even if I did, I won't have much time left to try and confirm that the third pair holds up.  I guess I will have to look for a better quality pair.		Original review:	So I will jump right in pun intended: the waders I received leaked on first use (2 days after receipt from Amazon).  FYI Im using Hodgman H3 Wading boots.  After a couple of hours in shin-knee deep water, my left sock was damp.  I noticed this when I broke for lunch, took off my waders and inspected my feet.  My right sock was dry.  After 3 or 4 more hours of various depths, my left sock was now officially wet, my left & right pant leg bottoms were damp-wet and my right sock was damp.		This was my first pair of waist waders with stockings.  I grew up using rubber hip-waders and finally decided to upgrade so that I didn't have to worry about water coming in over the top of my boot when I stepped in a hole that was just a little too deep.  These waist waters felt solid, but I did question the integrity of the neoprene stockings.  The belt, as many have mentioned, does seem a bit cheap and one could do better with their own belt, however, it did not bother me during use.  The color is a nice warm sage, a bit darker than the photo, but close enough.  What I did notice was how difficult it was for me to get my foot past the cuff of the pant and into the stocking.  I am 58, 170lbs, shoe size 9.  I purchased the medium based on Frogg Toggs charts.  I was very careful not to pull and tug on the pant legs as I tried to get my foot into the stockings.  What I found was that I had to fold the boot cover up over the shin and this allowed my foot to slide into the stocking a bit easier.  Getting my wet foot/sock out of the stocking was not an easy task either.		Overall the pants were a bit baggy, but its important to remember that they are meant to cover street clothes so they have some extra room.  Also, they should sit around your waist, not your hips; this helps get rid of some of the bagginess.  At the very least, my wife commented that I look a bit more normal compared to when I ware my hip waders.  So thats a big plus ;-)		In the end, I am sending these back for a replacement.  Hopefully round two will yield better results.  The price is hard to beat if they actually work as advertised.  I will report back and change my rating if things go better with the next pair.
1,A little hot wearing and a pain to put on and take off.
1,Purchased this unit as an upgrade for icotec's basic unit. The basic unit works very well. The problem with the programmable unit is it only works with PC, if you have a Mac it won't work. Secondly if your looking for customer service... well its not so good. I sent e-mail asking question the response was ( Find some one with PC). When I asked if I could buy new sd card with sounds I lost buy trying to use my Mac I was told they don't have them. (They don't sell the basic sounds cards) If you call customer service you only get a answering machine. So, here's what I learned if I call FoxPro they have customer service, they have replacement parts if you need them, they have better manuals for trouble shooting issues. lesson learned. You can pay $180 and get mediocre unit with no back-up or spend a little more money and get altogether better unit. Sorry about rating your product so poorly, but that's what I've experienced.
1,i wore a pair 3x and one sock develped a large hole near the big toe area.  i really liked everything (everything else) about them and am disappointed in the durability.
1,No matter which site you go on - the clip that came up as working on our old Toyota 4-Runner DIDN'T WORK.
1,Too hard. Not comfortable at all. Sent it back.
1,I should have tried this shirt on before I washed it.  I have no idea if it runs really small or it shrinks really bad.  Either way it is not going to fit.
1,They fit fine but when I tried to tighten them, the sewn on strap pulled away from the glove exposing the insulation.
1,The kukri might give u a paper cut, the 2 accessory knives r for butter & the sheath is Plastic covered in fake leather. They came oversatuated in oil. It looks & feels cool for a star.
1,The first one I ordered arrived with the clasping mechanism broken. I returned it and ordered another one, which was broken in the exact same place and additionally had a crack in the casing. I have no other feedback on the product as it is unusable without being able to attach it to a club.
1,Great idea but  it needs an extension. It works great if I am peeing into a container otherwise I am still peeing between my feet and quite possibly down my pants because the spout is too short.
1,i used these lights now for 2 weeks. today i got caught in a downpour so i would say there waterproof for now.	the bad thing is i tried charging it in my d link usb hub and it messt up the pins inside the usb port. now i have to order another usb hub...........	the charger stick thing looks too big to fit into a usb port.		Nov2,2013 editing my review down from 3 to 1 star. Be carefull not to jam the charger stick into a USB port that doesn't want to go in. You will bend all the pins inside your USB port and will become useless!	It killed my d link usb hub and destroyed one of the pins inside the USB port on my Microsoft surface pro! Wtf!!!	That's a thousand dollar device that will have a costly fix!	This product needs to get revise! Please click the helpful button so other people can see it!		I have a lot of stuff from blackburn but never again!
1,These are not durable enough for sailing.
1,Nice bag and a great deal, but the only issue is that it will not work with mountain bikes with oversized (or square) tubes.  All three velcro straps are too short and are only adequate for standard size steerer and top tubes (approx 1 1/8").  All three straps need to be about 3" longer to work with all bikes.  Also, as another reviewer noted, the straps are a bit flimsy (skinny).
1,Battery cover kept falling off. I had to return the product.
1,The clock showed failure on the buttons. Product of poor quality.
1,Bought as a xmaspresent and when they delivered it they pulled it off the truck landing it on the end. Totally damaged ru andined the bike. So get a better delivery and package the item better and much sturderier guys. Waste of time effort and money on both parts
1,Unfortunately, you get what you pay for - these lights don't last long. Maybe a few months and they die.
1,The photo for this product shows a bottle with a large label, presumably put there by the manufacturer. I received the item with no label--just a liquid in a bottle. It could be anything. I'm certainly not going to put it on my bike.		My recommendation: AVOID THIS VENDOR (Niagara Cycle). They are running a bait and switch.		Oh, and if you want to return the item Amazon takes itself out of the loop, not providing the usual printed return label. You have to hassle with Niagara Cycle. Thanks a lot Amazon.
1,Will not fit over barrel and the bayonet only extends 4 inches past barrel. Useless for a short barrel AR15!
1,When I received this knife I was impressed by it.  It seemed very good for something so cheap.  Sharp.  Thick, solid blade.  Good design.  However, after an hour in the ocean, that all changed.  When I got back home a few hours later I washed all my gear and when I pulled the knife out of the sheath, I noticed several rust spots.  So it's obviously not 440 stainless.  After washing it off I put it back in the sheath and noticed the button had become stuck in.  What good is a dive knife that rusts and won't stay in it's sheath?		Bottom line: Don't buy it for diving.  It's a decent knife otherwise though.
1,I was really impressed with the bag when I received it and packed it out.  Took it to the range the first time with one rifle and magazines in the pouches.  Great storage, nice internal securing straps, easy to handle and overall great protection.		On the second trip I added the second rifle in the other main compartment side (compartment has divider) and thought what a great space saver this was.  Two guns one bag and all my magazines in the external pockets.  The bag has some cool back pack straps, in the next few seconds I realized how weak the stitching and hardware was.  When I hefted the bag to the first shoulder strap it immediately gave and way and fell to the ground.  It simply could not handle the weight.  The bag has four d-rings that accept two clips from each shoulder strap.  After inspection the d-ring ripped right off the bag, all stitching was pulled out.		Wow I was upset.  I really loved the bag and realized the d-rings are undersized in diameter and their opening in my opinion is too large, very small diameter and the weight is point loaded because the straps twist under the weight, very sloppy,  Even with great stitching it is a  poor design.  Definitely the Achilles Heel of the bag after more thorough inspection.		I like the bag so much I contemplating upgrading and having it better stitched.  Then I realized I did not want to put the money into something to fix poor quality.  It could have been a bad stitching job but I don't want to risk.  It is not easy repacking and returning, waiting for credit or replacement.  Think I will cut my loses and try another brand.
1,Had to return this scope.  I put it on my turkey shotgun and the fiber optics of red dot fractured after just sighting it in at the range.		It might work ok on an AR-15.
1,Mine was defective, did not lock in place so unusable. Sent back for a refund. Will find another.
1,retained stains an odors after excessive use even after extreme care and cleaning.
1,this gun is NOT the best gun. for an airsoft war you would loose every time. but if you want to start using airsoft guns and just want to shoot them around this wold bw a nice cheap gun.
1,The color and pattern were great but I couldn't get past the scratchiness on my legs. I returned this product.
1,Uncomfortable when moving around, rubs on neckline.
1,These did not hold up,two months and they've already started to deteriorate.	Not very  happy about it. You spend good money and they fall apart
1,All the flowers fell off. The elastic came out a week later. I haven't even had it a month.  Too bad. This thing is super cute but the quality is very poor.
1,The bar broke when my kid tried putting it together for me. So now I have weights n no bar.:0(
1,Eye relief is about two inches, not enough for most firearms as the compact design does not extend beyond the rails.  If you can deal with that short eye relief it's great.
1,Great system that I can't use because the cheap nozzle broke on its first time in the field
1,This should be zero stars.  I ordered this twice and both times it was defective.  The computer doesn't turn on and the pedals don't work right.
1,I'll start by saying I tried this because of the price, for the price it's hard to beat as lob as you're willing and able to make needed repairs.  That being said as it came out of the box it will not work. The bracket that supports the riser bars is very poorly drilled. The pivot for one of the side arms was drilled too low and will not permit the arm to rotate up. This could be fixed by redrilling (round out the top side) the hole, or grind the lower edge of the arm, neither are a great option. The next problem is, continuing on the base plate, the holes that mount the plate to the wheel track are also miss drilled and this means where it mounts to the bike will not be square. Again this can be fixed if you have any mechanical abilities but should you have too? The third problem, as mentioned in other reviews the hardware is less than ideal. The hardware will work it's just very very cheap. The handles that are used to tighten the bike carrier to the roof rack are very cheap and while they will work I have no doubt they will fail and soon. When they do you'll have to peal the plastic away so you can use a wrench to remove it.
1,If you are a dwarf this is perfect for you and I mean it, I'm just 5'8" and this probably protect half of my torso as most.
1,I (ME) don't think it's worth it especially with the hassle IF, you have the newer model with good WHITE front sight.
1,Not as advertised
1,These pants are made for people that live in Thailand because that's who they fit. If you are an adult male over 6' don't bother unless you were wanting a new pair of flood pants.
1,The cable is too sloppy. I used a slightly too large size patch on my Remington SP's 700 .308 and it got jammed. I had to go to Walmart and get a cleaning rod to push it out. Get a kit with a rod to start with.
1,All the sizes say not adequate for adult.  What size is adequate?
1,Says they fit on all Bite shoes, they don't.  Yes, my shoes are circa 2002, but they are Bites.
1,I installed this on my AR10 (about 9.5lbs) and then hung the rifle over my shoulder by the sling.  The anchors sheared off and the rifle fell to the ground immediately.  So, for airsoft or the like, this may be an excellent product, but it does not hold up to real world use with actual firearms.  I am just glad that it broke immediately so I wasn't expecting my sling to hold up while away from home.	The machining of the aluminum appears quite nice, and it does hold a QD adapter very well.  The only problem is that the keymod mounts will not bear any significant amount of weight.
1,I did not buy this through Amazon, but I bought the exact same stove. Its a neat little stove that folds up well and does what it is supposed to do. The only problem is the paint burns off and the thing russets like crazy. No problem says I, I'll hit it with stove paint. Nope. It burned off and rusts.
1,The hard velcro side rubs against my skin and hurts. You can see that something is under my boot cut jeans. I am giving it 2 stars because I don't know if you would be able to see it under relaxed jeans etc.
1,Poor quality
1,I didn't use it until a month after purchased and didn't verified it before, it was I it's bag since then.	The first thing I noticed was the sized is not as big as pictured, the poor quality on its sewing and junctions, one of the side panels had a hole and I had to fix it by my own, the zippers are really weak and I am afraid of losing my stuff on the way.	After 4 or 5 rides -commuting to work- the base sewing collapsed and one of the security ropes dropped while riding.
1,cheap flimsy metal that my bottle fell out of on the first time using. Returned.
1,I purchased this for my Pontoon boat.  The Orange MTM Sportsmen's Dry Box is labled as coming with an O-Ring Seal.  I believe they proper terminology for this so called O-Ring is, wanna be O-Ring gasket and proper marketing product name should be:		"Orange MTM Sportmen's Water resistant box with gasket".  There is nothing dry about this box.  I would only use it to store things you prefer not to get wet.  This would be great as far as keeping utensils, paper products, and binoculars out of the elements.  The case itself is very flimsy.		I would not put my wallet, phone, keys, or anything of value in this box.  Pay close attention to the boxes labeled with O-rings.		I would recommend getting the Underwater Kinetics Dry box.  Here is the Amazon link for them:	"http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss?url=search-alias%3Daps&field-keywords=underwater+kinetics+dry+box"
1,I ordered the gauge and the modified case for 308 WIN at the same time (another website). Got the gauge right away. Three months later, I cancelled the back order for the modified case. It is still out of stock there and here. Out of necessity and frustration, I came up with a simpler, more durable, and MORE ACCURATE setup that required nothing more than a drill, a standard tap, and knowing where my local hardware store was. And it costs less. My setup even lets me dial in the setback from the lands  and length is held steadier because the case still grips the bullet. I end up with a permanent reference cartridge/bullet combination for every caliber for every gun, and that really is the goal. You don't get this result directly from this gauge. I suppose if your shooting some exotic caliber, you might get all the parts necessary to take a measurement.		No, I'm not going to make my setup commercially, but Hornady should know better than to do this. They have to know they are selling useless gauges if they can't provide the modified cases. If they were just "behind" in production, then at least one outlet would have them. Hornady makes great presses. They should stick to what they know.	If this gauge fell off their catalog, I wouldn't be surprised.		When people ask me what it is, I tell them it is a Wishing Stick, because I wish I had never bought it.
1,Nicely made, but the padding, although good, is not well placed as some other reviews in here point out. My hands go numb after a short time riding although the angle hand-wrist-forearm is correct. This did not happen to me with other gloves although, for me, this is no easy matter.
1,I don't like this light at all. I think one of the rubber washers went missing and so it would not turn on easily since the batteries would not longer connect to the the metal parts. Then this thing fell off my bike while I was riding it. Find something better than this.
1,I have a sunlite fork mount but I decide to try this one as this look better in picture and have good reviews.  My Delta Bike Hitch does not have holes on the vertical panel as in the picture. The knob is very difficult to turn. Thus, it is hard to lock down tight. But it does the job and I am not returning it. sunlite is way better hands down.
1,I own and have owned many quality Coleman stoves. This is not one of them. The second time that I used it, the wind sent the heat towards the plastic handle and melted the igniters and the handle! Now I find out that those parts needed are not available from Coleman! I still use my white gas two-burner stove that I bought over 40 years ago! This thing lasted 3 months!!! I will never buy another Coleman product again. Quality products have been replaced with cheap, throw-away products imported from China. Farewell, Coleman.
1,I bought this to take in my kayak when I camp.  It wasn't as small as I had hoped, but for the price it will work.  It seems comfortable enough and went back in the bag fairly easily.  I wish it had some sort of straps to tighten it and make it smaller, but that's really my only complaint.  If you are super concerned with size the might not be fore you, but if you need something descent for a really cheap price it will do the trick.		Updated after 3-4 uses:	Took this camping this weekend with it getting down to about 35-40 overnight.  The zipper broke and I was unable to zip the bag all night.  Made for a pretty cold night and a sleeping bag in the trash can.  Probably won't buy another one like this.
1,I just submitted a return request for this paddle. The telescoping action is really shoddy on the paddle I received. One of the sections will expand/retract with great effort and frustration. The other section will not budge at all. Very disappointed. I am exchanging this for the same paddle. I'll give it one more try in case mine was an exception, but I'd be surprised based on the other reviews. I will update this review once I receive the new paddle.
1,Don't purchase this, the plastic is pretty flimsy and the surface is easy to slip on even with sneakers.
1,So, I got these arrows for a cheap practice arrow for my Slingbow		They are super cheap, the nocks broke off after about 20 shots		The tips are non-removable, fletchings are decent		Also, pretty deceiving marketing although they are "Carbon Express" - these arrows are clearly fiber glass, I cut into one to see how they cut and yep, fiber glass		They are cool for practicing if you need cheap ones
1,Overall, not a bad kit. Frustrated bc the pump they said worked with presti valves is false. If you're just looking for patches and an Allen wrench not a bad buy. Misrepresenting a product however leaves a bad taste in your mouth
1,Sending this product back. Just received not even a full day and it's already busted at the seams. (Female 5' 4'' 120 lbs.) I even checked out YouTube for instructions on what to fill it with and how to use properly.
1,I'm proud to say that I was able to put this up solo -- and I'm 5'2" and 105lbs.  BUT, I was covered in sweat and ripped up half my yard.  Totally agree with J Craig's review -- the poles come out of the plastic corner connectors, it takes a lot of muscle to get the poles into the grommets, and then the thing only works for Munchkins.  Like everyone else, I had no idea what the extra straps were for -- I guess you connect the legs together with them when you're all done.  I'm sure that helps.  And, in fact, you need those to hold the thing up if you don't have it staked -- the legs just shoot out to the side if you don't force them in with staking or those straps.  But I don't think there is any way this would have been tall enough, even for me, no matter how much smaller I made the shelter by bringing the legs together.  I imagine it would be sturdy once you got it up and staked, but it's not worth it to me.  I got an Alps Mountaineering tri-awning and put it up by myself in less than half the time with no struggle and got more space and better shade with a lighter, smaller package.  This one is going back.
1,Fairly easy to set up, did it by myself in less than 5. Had it for a week or so until the pole broke. I taped it and put a metal sleeve over it but it continues to break. I would avoid this product mainly due to the cheap folding fiberglass "tent like" poles.
1,I have tested the band for 2 weeks and here it is my opinion. It somewhat works but not fully, I still get sweat into my eyes because it jumps over the rubber and that gutter doesn't do anything it closes itself out when you stretch band to your head. When you descent at over 40+mph you will get sweat into your eyes so that defeats the purpose. I ordered halo band to see how that works, I am not satisfied with this one and also it is not comfortable.
1,I had to change my rating on this knife. While it cut paper with ease as soon as I used it to put a point on a 1x1 in order to make some stakes the edge was lost before the first stake was complete. The edge chipped in a few places and developed a burr. This is not what I expected.
1,Dont buy it. These are shown as like a fight spandex riding shorts. They are actually boxer shorts with padding. Not gel, wait too long for nothing.		Poor quality
1,I bought three of these last year from a sporting goods store. I have purchased close to 20 cameras in the past ten years and these by far were the worst. Moisture kept getting inside causing corrosion. Only pictures it took were when I was setting it up and right in front of it.
1,I was excited for this because of the USB ports.  Unfortunately the first time I put my iPhone charging cable in I heard a pop and it smelled like smoke.  The USB ports no longer work. I tried to contact the company to get a new one but no one has responded.
1,should have known with the cheap price that they would shrink in the wash.  They got two sizes smaller, already donated to Goodwill
1,There are 2 good workouts in this set but I can't stand the rest of the DVDs.  It would be ideal if you could buy just the more intense workout DVDs.  Regardless, I have to wear ankle and wrist weights just to even try get something of a burn out of the workout.  I suppose this DVD set would be ok if you're out of shape and just beginning a workout plan, but if you already work out daily and have for a long time, I would recommend that you skip this one and buy Insanity or P90X.
1,Really uncomfortable waist band. Itchy feeling and too small compared to the rest of the shorts.
1,I thought it was great (had it for about 2 months now) until I found out it was scraping the paint off the left and right sides of my brand new bike (women's Trek 7.2 ) !! I had read another review about this issue and thought it was mainly because of the placement of the strap, but I was pretty careful about it.		Be careful of sharp turn movements since I think that was the root of the problem.		Also the strap attachment is wearing down. :(
1,Makes horrible noise when curling with it.  need to lube it but would need a HUGE allen wrench to take it apart.
1,Only for kids, too short
1,The chain-whip doesn't fit my fixed gear cog so I couldn't tighten it. The lock-ring tool is cut so cheaply that it deformed my lock-ring and I couldn't get it past finger tight without is slipping. All its really good for is a pedal wrench.
1,it came in great condition but this is by far the worst putter I have ever used in my years of disc golf. I wouldn't recommend it for professional players.
1,The marketing for this thing at the time of the purchasing it was misleading.  I believed it came with five tapered leaders, it only came with one.  And that one leader broke after about 40 seconds into my first cast and retrieval.  The product is probably not that bad of a product just overpriced.  For about $1.50 more I would have gotten three from a different company.		However the product itself I do find questionable on the quality.  It was highly visible when lying on the water.  And tended to stayed curled up a little bit.
1,Bowflex is just plain junk... don't waste the time or money on this crappy idea of a workout machine.		Yes the bars came in fine and had great resistance at first. But after 3 months of use... might as well be the 10lbs resistance not 50.
1,I tried these hoping they would last longer than my foam earpieces I was using. Unfortunately, it doesn't stay in my ear. Switched back to my foam inserts after a few nights.
1,Does not perform as expected
1,Does not seal like true quick connect valve won't seal the tank leaks constantly
1,First, the price of this battery is absurd compared to other options on Amazon, but I wanted to see if the case it had for the battery made up for it. It didnt. Secondly, that ATN logo really needs to be subdued! It stands out like a sore thumb and really diminishes the appearance. The battery life in the ATN scope is absolutely abysmal, but this battery pack extends the use of the scope by many hours. However, it is heavy and cumbersome if attempting to configure this on an AR platform. ATN really needs to figure out a way to set up a rail mounted or scope mounted system for this. As is, it is designed for a rifle with a conventional/standard stock. I was eventually able to set this up on an AR platform, but it wasn't very practical and really decreased the maneuverability of the system due to the increased weight and where it was placed on the platform. Ultimately and reluctantly I returned it. I really wanted it to work for me. There was one impressive aspect to the battery pack. The right angle USB plug portion that plugs into the scope to power it was a nice touch. It was also nice to find that it was coiled. Much safer for the unit than a plug which would stick straight out of the side.
1,I was waiting for SOMEONE to make a rack for my car - Thule didn't make one to fit the 2013 outback, and Yakima's 2010-2012 rack does not fit the 2013.  The main difference, as I understand it, is that in 2013 Subaru made a removable rear factory rack that would add about a foot to the rack spacing - which lots of owners liked (in my case, for the tandem kayak I carry).  The factory bars, however, are too narrow to carry any real loads - like a kayak and a cargo box, and because they are curved, even carrying a sheet of plywood was awkward.		When Yakima finally came up with a fit for the 2013, I bought it right away - but to my dismay, the rear landing pads only fit the front position - completely throwing away the advantage of the 2013's longer spacing!  What a waste!  I put a great deal of money into converting from a Thule system I already owned for a previous car to this system, and now I have to figure out how to get a 19 foot kayak onto this short bar spacing (and there are no options to move the racks any further apart, since these landing pads fit to existing holes in the Subaru rack).  Why didn't Yakima design this to also fit the rear rack position, or add a landing pad option to fit just that position?  That is pretty poor.  I won't rate the rest of the Yakima parts to this system as badly - this review is mainly focused on the Landing Pad 13 designed to fit newer model Outbacks. If I wanted a short rack spacing, this landing pad would probably be fine - but then I might as well have bought a 2012 Outback rather than a 2013, since that is all the rack I can use now...
1,Wow! This things is terrible. I inflated it a few hours before bed and it was deflated before I got there. It was more than just "Stretching". This thing is terrible. I had to inflate it again to sleep on it and by morning I could hardly get out of it because it was so deflated. Don't waste your money.
1,Loved the look of the knife when I received it. The blade came fairly sharp out of the package and it appeared to be well made.		Unfortunately, the screws fell out after a week without ever actually using the knife, other than flipping it open a few dozen times. This could most likely be remedied by applying some Loctite, but my screws were lost.		If not for the issue with the screws, this could be a decent, low priced knife.
1,This is very poorly constructed. Description is overrated. If you want a basket for a bike you never ride, this is perfect. The hinges to the lid are not very substantial either. Don't waste your money.
1,In was very disappointed with how dull the finish on this signal mirror was. Ive used signal ing mirrors before and they were much more clear and reflective then this product. I'm disappointed with this mirror!
1,Does not open down the side.  You have to crawl in, can't adjust for temperature.  Seems to be decent quality.  Be better if it velco'd on one side.
1,Terrible! Gaps in rubber where injection molding failed. Excess flashing on molding seams. Hardware is cheap, and grip fits poorly. Lyman basically destroyed the Pachmayr name. Avoid products at all costs!
1,Too large for most stationery bike seats.
1,The rod is not the easiest for little ones to cast. I would pay a little more and get a push button one.
1,This mouthpiece does not fit well at all! You cannot soften it with boiling water to make it fit. And because of the poor fit you salivate when removing it . Try a better fitted mouthpiece.
1,Used once, counter died, hung up, very hard to reel, a lousy reel. Would return if I didn't already put on braided line
1,I could barely get them on, they feel not wide enough in large for me, though I am usually fine with that size.	After 1 month they are full of holes, despite using them only as a liner.	the very tight fit probably contributes to the poor durability and poor insulation.	I recommend using one size larger, that may make them last longer.
1,This mirror, although the position is good when riding, is not practical. I was constantly trying to avoid hitting the mirror against anything such as a wall, pole or anything else. This is because it sticks out so much from the handlebars. You cannot flip your bike upside down to work on it with this mirror attached.		There is road vibration also. It takes a long time to figure out what is going on in the mirror. For example, at night there may be three cars behind you. But because of the vibration, it looks like 6 cars because what you see is 12 bouncing lights but it is really 6 bouncing lights from three cars with two headlights each.		Because of the optical curve, objects also appear different than in real life. So it is also hard to perceive depth. I returned mine and have a glasses mirror that works much better.		The reason I give it two stars is if you cannot wear a helmet or glasses mirror, then this mirror is better than riding unsafely with no mirror at all.
1,This does work but wears off VERY quickly. It requires constant reapplication which defeats the purpose of it. We gave up using it on goggles and tried it on our bathroom mirrors. Sadly, it wasn't any better. We found that our homemade solution (just spray some hydrogen peroxide mixed with a bit of dawn dish soap) worked about an hour longer than this stuff.		Overall, fail.
1,Bought these for the "natural" lining so that they would not trap odor.  No the case.  They smelled within a month,  Had a pair of Born slippers (with natural lining) that lasted 3 years without trapping foot odor.  Not sure what this lining is.
1,The new version of these tubes seem to have a defect around the valve stem.	Don't waste your money, find a different tube.
1,I can't like this. While the scent seems good, the color of this attractant is red. My most productive crappie jigs have either clear or bright white tails. After over 30 casts, the white tail on a red and white jig is still pink. I will not buy this, again.
1,These shorts are pretty uncomfortable. When I lift my quads in my normal running motion I feel the shorts restricting the movement. At the same time, the inner suspender is a little to big compared to the rest of the garment and therefore bunches up becoming a nuisance too. Under Armour definitely missed the mark with this ones. I guess for now it's back to Nike.
1,Runs really small. Not what I expected. Disappointed it doesn't fit. I even ordered it a size larger than what my other tank tops run. I will not recommend it to anyone else.
1,Was not the size it said it was. Looked like it was a childs tank top and not an adults.
1,A few caveats for the buyer.		If you are used to a more traditional slipper that you can just crawl inside of (like the L.L Bean slippers), then the UGGs are not for you.		First off, as others have mentioned, the sizing is bizarre, akin to European sizing -- this means that if you are used to American shoes, order at least a half a size (maybe a full size) larger. And even then they might feel too narrow. I normally wear a 10 and ordered the 11. The length is just right but even this full size up is far too narrow, *especially* for a slipper. In my opinion a slipper is supposed to feel roomy and comfortable, not constricted and almost athletic.  (And this is without a sock -- if you have a wider for, forget wearing a sock with these.)		Adding to this odd "feel" for a slipper is the tread -- it's thick and heavy, and wearing this slipper feels almost like wearing a regular shoe (i.e., a heavy, audible clunk when you walk around your house).		There's no doubt that the slipper is well made and it looks fine (well, it's no more dorky than any other slipper). And hey -- if you've got a narrow foot and are looking for a sort of indoor/outdoor heavy-treaded slipper that maybe you could play basketball in, this might be exactly what you're looking for.		But I'm going back to L.L. Bean.
1,its hold is mediocre - It holds as well as the screw on collars. If you're thinking "man, I could save bucks and get the same thing - just a different brand" - spend the extra money.  I have to adjust them after every rep - I don't trust them enough for full range movements.
1,total junk. Everyone of these balls cracked with one drive. Never will buy these again
1,Very tight, not recommended for big guys
1,The First water test failed. The second was successful. Everything was working fine until I tried to use the mute button. It's the only reason I returned it.
1,Lights are bright, but the batteries might not hold much of a charge.  The headlight mount is very flimsy, and the plastic clamp broke after a couple weeks.
1,The foam slips off the handle all the time. Terrible product needed lots of tape and glue on the inside to stay put.
1,The helmet is light and the design is really nice. However, it has large air openings that leave the head a little too exposed on cold days.	The plastic hook in the back does not hold the goggles very well, and I had to restore the strap multiple times a day.	Most importantly, and this is the main reason I give this product only 2 stars, is that the size, as presented in the USED section of the website, is somewhat misleading: NOTE that there are THREE TYPES OF XL - Extra Large AND XLarge AND X-Large, with different size ranges(!). If you need a helmet over 63", make sure you do not get the XL helmet that is marked Extra Large, yet is only 60-62", as opposed to the XLarge that is 63-67"! I bought the one marked X-large, with an unspecified range of inches, which turned out to be the small version! Which Amazon would fix this.
1,the style was what I wanted but the fit is way too small.  so disappointed. wore them once, washed them and could never wear them again without the sock sliding down.
1,Fit perfect until we wash it then shrank in the length making it to short to wear to school I wash in cold and hung up to dry. So o didn't even put in dryer
1,never will i substitute any gear for the best . I should of bought the hogue grips .which i wound up doing .the grips are not hogue and i will never settle for anything else .EVEN IF I MUST WAIT FOR A MONTH
1,This ia O. K (as in hate it) . The clip is very hard to attach to pants. It is too tight. I don't know if this is very accurate either. I made a step chart to show my progress. One day it shows 2300 steps and one day I come back and it reads: 10. I did not walk 10 steps nor did I walk 10 miles! This has happened to me often so I am not thrilled with this item. I would not buy this item!
1,I bought this pad because of the good reviews I read on Amazon. However, it is not comfortable to me. I typically like firmer mattresses, and this pad had me waking up in the middle of the night with back pain. After only using it a few times it would no longer stay inflated either during the night. Finally, while taking it camping in Alaska last week the valve broke and I happily threw it out.  If you like soft mattresses perhaps you will like this mattress, but I hated it.
1,The canteens don't hold water (they leak, badly) They're from 2006-ish, so the plastic has deteriorated from time and probably being stored wrong. The plastic rubs off on the weird paper top thing that's supposed to seal the cap I think. All areound P.O.S. canteen. The case works fine, and that's the only reason they aren't one star.
1,Review said tent was hard to pack away. I find it hard to believe. This is a great product. Put pressure & twist into it and tent easily went back into carrying bag!		AFTER SECOND CAMPING TRIP, THE METAL THAT MAKES THE TWISTING FRAME SNAPPED. NO WAY TO SEAL BACK TOGETHER. SHARP, AND TORe THE FABRIC OF TENT.		This fit our needs perfecting for exactly one short camping trip.
1,The band turns into gum while on your handlebars then the plastic piece broke all after a couple of months on my bike.
1,I used this product for several weeks with no problem and in fact I was pleased with it until about week four. I injured my shoulder during a work out and it has yet to heal. I've had years of experience using free weights and have never had an injury as bad from them as I got using the total gym, so if you plan on using it be very careful and start slowly and don't assume that it's safer than free weights.
1,Zipper. Kept getting stuck. Also I filled it with a variety of things but was unsure what was best - had to return.
1,Purchased it on their site after seeing the video overlays on a Noel Salas' surfing videos.  Looked amazing.  I used this a few times, and it has worked.  Though, like many reviews here I've been having a hard time getting this thing to consistently work.  No, the unit doesn't even sync, however the unit is noticed by my phone.  It was fun while it lasted, but it's not worth 200$ or whatever the asking price might be.  Better wait till another company comes and can provide a unit that works as intended rather than giving more of heartache/headache.		Moreover, I did reach out to the folks over there at Trace.  I believe their service is an AI automated bot.  Regardless, don't buy one yet.
1,Bought it because it was cheap in 2006. I've taken it on about 8 backpacking trips and finally got fed up with it and threw it out at the end of this past season because everything stuck to it. Certainly got my use out of it though. The handle never really felt secure.  It was fairly non-stick when new. Always prone to scorching and hot spots as are many/most cheap backpacking skillets are.  I guess for the $9.99 I paid for it in 2006, I certainly got my money's worth.  This skillet is a use for one season and throw it out and buy another for next season.
1,Uncomfortable.  Just a hard piece of plastic on shoulder strap of Small (10L) bag.  And bag doesn't lay right on the adult body.  If use over one shoulder, its hitting my elbow.  If wear strap across my chest, the strap cuts into my neck.  I tried adjusting the strap and even adding an extension, which did not help.  This bag size is probably best for children.  Will be returning and trying another product.  Not worth the full price I paid.
1,can't get it unlocked once it's locked. I spent 15 mins in the hot sun trying. TWICE!!! I won't use it. I only own thsi brand on all my bikes, but this one is horrible
1,I've been searching for over a year for a jacket like this since I wore out my previous favorite similar jacket. It seemed a bit long in the body; but doable. Unfortunately, after washing and drying - the arm length shrunk quite a bit. Men's XL are usually too long for my arms but this jacket shrunk to at least 1.5 to 2 inches above my wrist. I'm decent at sewing and am contemplating replacing the wrist bands with a wider band. My high hopes for this jacket have turned to disappointment.
1,The unit appears to be well made and is easy to mount. Unfortunately the bell requires that you flick the lever in a very specific manner to properly ring the bell making it near useless in an emergency situation. Additionally, it produces only a single soft "ding" with each flick. If you are interested in warning pedestrians or other cyclists I suggest you look for another bell.
1,Ordered this pusher to adjust my Draco AK pistol sights and it won't fit the sight base to adjust the windage.  The coating is cheap spray paint type stuff unlike what the photo shows.  It's almost a powdery texture that comes right off.
1,Although I like the idea of being able to open the bottle from the bottom and giving it a really good scrubbing,  I just can't get used to the shape and much smaller volume compared to my usual Camelbak bottles. And the Camelbak bite valves allow the bottles to be inverted and not flow until they are squeezed or you take a swig of your beverage.
1,I bought 2 pairs - 1 for me in navy blue and 1 in pink for my mom .... well NOT Worth the Price! It doesn't keep your feet warm for an hour - not even a half hour. WASTE of $50! Just get a heating blanket or pad and wrap your feet up because this is false advertising. I put these in the microwave for 3 minutes after they kept cooling down quickly and keep in mind I have a new 1300 watt microwave ... there is no way these would keep anyone's feet warm for 1 hour or stay warm (they never got hot just warm). They were probably warm for tops 10 minutes ... TOPS! No Way! Keep looking!
1,I bought a red one, if it matters, and used it for a day.  It was nice and kept my neck cooler.  I put it away damp and a few weeks later went to use it and it's covered in mold, front and back.  There are even dry spores you can see.  I put it in the washing machine and it did not help, so this goes in the garbage.  I DO give credit to Frogg Toggs, they are sending me a new one, but she said I should store it dry.  I have an Absorber chamois for my car (that I bet would do the same thing) and it's about 15 years old.  It always stores wet and has never gotten funky at all.  Whatever Absorber does to prevent the mold, Frogg Toggs needs to do.
1,Jury is still out. Not sure
1,Fell apart at the seam almost imeddiately, warm, but not made well. Light use only
1,Had clearance issues with BUIS, scope and red dot.  Rear mount was pushed by BUIS and didn't realize that it shifted the scope a foot off zero.  Sent back and got the Burris P.E.P.R. That mount actually gave me a little less space on my top rail, but because it's a one-piece, I don't have to worry about the scope not being perfectly aligned.
1,We go on frequent family/friend trips throughout the year. Most of the time we take my EB Airstream and various extra beds. Another family member purchased the XL and we took it to Big Buck Resort in west TN. Here is my perspective.		The weight: Each bag is heavy at 33 pounds each. This isn't an item I want to carry very far. If we wanted to move the cot/couch once assembled, it took two people.		Assembly: Unpack and assemble -- disassemble and repack. Well, the assembly isn't as quick and fun as most of the other reviewers posted. If you have to do this multiple times in one trip, it gets frustrating ... especially if you're the designated assembler. I mean, once you learn how to do it it's not that bad, it's just an added pain. The only reason I kept using it was that the kids used it and I didn't want to seem unappreciative to the purchaser.		Height: It is very low to the ground and when in couch mode, tall people and some elderly don't make it safely onto the bottom cot. I went tumbling. Trying to get 'up from a seated position is another story.		Stability: If used in bunk bed mode, when either person turns/repositions, especially the top person, the other person really feels it. If it's on very level ground (like a concrete slab), it's not too bad.		Opinion: I'm kinda shocked that campers would give a 66-pound double cot such a favorable rating no matter how well it's built. I'm guessing they're not the ones that have to carry it.  It's too heavy and bulky for backpacking and kayaking. If I am near my truck or Airstream, I am gonna use one of the beds or an air bed.		Get a tri-folding lounge/lawn chair instead ... it's both a cot and a chair. They're much cheaper and lightweight. The head can be elevated. Some have cup holders. Some float. Some have a canopy. They're about $30.
1,Very disappointed had two weeks and it won't stay inflated!  I like the mattress never slept better I did return it and ordered a new one thought I would give it another chance!
1,I thought these towels would be thicker.  They are really thin.  The big towel is just that, BIG.  It's so big, it's almost clumsy.  I wouldn't carry the big one around the gym.  The little one is almost too small.  It's a little smaller than a hand towel.  All in all, I am disappointed with the product.
1,Description page doesn't really make clear that a specific type of pedal is needed for the straps. Once you have them in place. Once you have them on figuring out the tightness is a battle between too loose but easy to step in, or just right and too difficult to step into. Oh, but if you change your shoes you better have your tools with you. After about two weeks of giving these an honest try I tossed them into my parts bin to collect dust. Wouldn't buy or recommend, especially for someone riding a fixed gear and who relies on having straps for braking.
1,Really cheap shirt..!!!! Don't waste your money..!!
1,Don't be fooled, the S/M will NOT fit a child.  They would fit a teenager, but not a child.  I am returning the pair I ordered back to Amazon.
1,The lens fell out sfter three years.  Otherwise a nice light
1,Bought this for my husband for Fathers Day and after 5 uses the tip broke off and St. Croix will not do anything about it. Will not buy again.
1,The laser bore site was not what I expected. First of all it stayed on all the time, you had to remove the battery to shut it of. Second thing was that it was not on true center. The first time I installed it it was pointing up above where my sights were. I then took it out re installed and saw that it was off to the right.
1,The Syntace P6 Carbon HiFlex is a good seatpost, but it does not deflect to any detectable amount.  I think the other reviewers have deluded themselves.  I swapped from a Zipp Service Course aluminum seat post to the HiFlex and did not noticed any difference at all in ride quality.	Also if I stand next to my bike and put all my weight on it, there is no detectable deflection at all, even if I bounce! That is with the seatpost fully extended to the limit! It is a good, lightweight seatpost, and I know Syntace is a very reputable company, but it just doesn't live up to Syntace's claims.		If I put my weight on a Giant D-fuse seatpost, the flex is obvious.
1,Another case of Amazon allowing multiple products to be listed and reviewed under one heading.	I ordered TRUVELO Mens Mountain Loose-fit Biking Shorts Padded Coolmax Cycling MTB Short, the baggy gray  with vertical black. Size ordered  waist (L 30-32) ,	What I received is Santic brand and looks just like pictured. Labeled as Large 32-34. actual waist is 29" -39".	As shorts they fit fine, as bike shorts they are terrible. the pad is very low, have to pull the shorts up way above wasit line to get the pad to my butt, but it doesn't stay there. the draw string closure slips easily and everything slides down.	Even when I get the pad to my butt, it is very stiff and uncomfortable, even after washing 3x and 100 miles of riding. I have 5 different pairs of bike shorts, from ones I bought at the same time as these (which were fine on the 1st wear), a year old, to 15 years old, and they are all fine, nothing else comes close to the uncomfortable level of these.
1,It is too easy for the rope to come out of position.  the spring lever does not glide well in the intended arch; it has too much latteral play.  If you fail to use a carabiner to pin the catch, so the rope cannot escape, you are playing with your life.  When closing, the catch catches on the strapping.
1,Rollers seem to be high quality, unfortunately a tape measure is apparently not a required tool at the factory. These are 4 1/2" wide, not 5
1,Good concept but needs to be perfected for shotgun or long gun use. Overpriced as it is. The adjustment screws are a joke, easily stripped, and hard to get to. The battery cap is hit or miss while trying to screw it back on, be careful or you will strip it. The bottom dots hit the barrel and won't show on the target if is mounted to the rear on the picatinny rail, I had to move mine all the way to the front on the rail so all the dots will show, this defeats the possibility to use the off/on button while maintaining a full grip, since I could not adjust the up/down screw (because they were very tight and ended up stripping the tiny Allen wrench) is hard to tell how close to center it can be adjusted before the barrel blocks the 2 bottom dots while is mounted to the rear of the rail. I requested a return and planning on getting something else. I'm including some pictures, the firearm is a shotwave and the rail is standard, maybe with a higher rail the bottom dots will clear the shotgun and your front sigh post. UPDATE 25 DEC 2017. I got the same one back from Laserlyte but this time I was able to adjust the laser without any problems, they sent me a new set of batteries and allen wrenches, so as far as customer service I have no complains, I still see improvements need to be made and the product design need to be re looked at. I would not buy this particular product again even though I own other Laserlyte products and they have serve good for me.
1,Don't believe the product description. This pouch doesn't provide "unbelievable retention". It provides just enough so that if you turn it upside down a magazine with 15 9mm rounds usually won't fall out. Giggle it just a tiny bit and they both fall out. This is fine if you're just planning on wearing it in a calm and normal environment. As soon as you hit the deck, start rolling, or running you'll need to put a hand on top of the magazines to ensure you don't lose them.		On top of that, this is NOT the paddle version that is shown in the image. This is the belt version. You can pop the belt retainer out so that you can clip it over a belt but there is no paddle that goes inside the pants waistband.		Overall major failure on the manufacturer for marketing this as having "unbelievable retention" and failure on Amazon (or the reseller stores) for having the wrong image on the product.
1,This reel is huge!!!! You really can't tell by the description...NO Anti-reverse.
1,not comfortable at all.
1,If you have a Crosman springer this is the oil they recommend.  According to everything I have read by Crosman this is the only internal lube necessary  for your rifle.  And apparently just a drop or two into the chamber goes a long way. The only issues have is the price. I would've surprised if this tube had much more than a thimble of oil in it.  So for what you are paying you get precious little product.  Sure it's some fancy silicone oil blended up by Crosman.  But looking at other general silicone lube products, you get at least 20x the product for about the same price.  Would they be safe for the seals in your rifle?  I don't know.  But I seriously doubt that the very small about you get in this tube would be worth $100+ if you scaled it up to the size of typical containers you find of other lubes. For what it is and what you get.....$5 is pushing it for this product.
1,I was sent a clone and it lasted 6 charging cycles before burning up.
1,Ragged edges that just peel away. The "realtree" is a impossibly small amount of black & green overspray. Inside is a bright unnatural tan-colour that deems it unfit for waterfowl or anything 'above'. IE: the camo inside needs be camouflaged! No connection strings or anything! I guess one must staple with very wide staples? Too flimsy to tie something like 550paracord to. All and all unexceptional from an item I wasn't expecting much based on price. Nonetheless a waste of any price.	  Thankfully I'm a Prime member and Amazon is great on these unfortunate items.
1,NO! meet expectations.  It did not fit the air horn I have. The advertisement outlining specifics about the canister did not state that it would not fit all air horns. Buying this product was / is a complete waste of money.  .
1,I only got one shot out of each arrow before they splintered.
1,Two issues with this product:		1 - Cool idea to have a "clip-in" mount under the seat for quick removal of the bag, the problem is it does not fit my mountain or road bike very well.  In order to clip the bag into the mount under the seat, you have to smash the front of the bag into the seat post because the bag is too long to fit properly and the mount is too rigid to clip the bag in without smashing it.  I put the mount as far to the rear of the seat as it would go, still not enough room to avoid smashing the bag when clipping it in.  I did get the bag to go on, but due to front being smashed it does not have as much room inside as it could.  May fit fine on some bikes, but they should make the attachment method more flexible so that the mount will give instead of smashing the front of the bag when clipping it in.		2 - I have multiple bikes, but the clip-in mount fastens with screws so it's not easy to move the mount from one bike to the other.  Maybe if you had multiple mounts you could put a mount on each bike in which case it would be easy to move from one bike to another (but then you would still have problem number 1 above).
1,Made well but did not like the design.  I found it difficult to get the covers onto the club...especially the one for the utility club.  I also didn't care for the club number dangles. They annoyed me and too, it was difficult to see the numbers so I had to constantly check to see what club I was pulling out.  Much prefer big numbers stitched onto the cover itself.
1,Just the cover
1,It has been said before, but I will repeat that this product will not work in the Gen 4 guns!  I have a Glock 26 Gen 4, and this will not fit at all.  I have looked over the description a number of times, and still fail to notice this being mentioned.  The package I received clearly states that this is not for Gen 4 models.  On the flip side, I would give Amazon 5 stars for their great customer service.  This product, however, only gets one star is it does not do what I need it to do!
1,I bought this saddle because I sometimes wear skirts while biking, and normal saddles can ruin skirts. This saddle is way too big for me, and I couldn't get it in the right position, it always seemed to hang either forward or too much to the back. Returned the item.
1,I received the grip rail system pretty fast. The packaging is a bit deceptive. This product should be under air soft. Although sturdy it has a more frail quality. That I didn't like. So if your expecting a hogue or solid feel to these you'll be disappointed. I guess I'll attach it to one of my sons air soft pistols he'll be happy.
1,Odd... This is the soft part of Velcro.... And the outter duty belt they make is also soft Velcro.  So this is no good.		I bought this to replace my old inner belt which was the hard Velcro and therefore worked with my outter belt.		Not sure why the my sell soft Velcro on both belts that are supposed to work together.  Just beware of which one you need and make sure you get the right one.
1,I thought it would be smaller for my smaller caliber magazine.
1,Good
1,The latest version clamp has rubber inserts. Theoretically eliminating the need to wrap electrical tape around the jaws or the knife, as you often see on YTube. BUT - the rubbers aren't well anchored. They tend to slip OUT of alignment and thereby cause the grip on the knife to shift or come loose.		The blade clamp seems like it would hold a kitchen/chef/butcher knife well. Something like a KaBar fighting knife, large hunting knife etc. would fit the clamp well BUT it's weight tends to wiggle the knife out of the clamp once you start stoning. Any blade with a significant bevel OR one that is any "shorter" than about 3/4 inch OR one that is modestly heavy in weight isn't held well. The clamp itself then gets in the way of the stones. I have a double edged boot knife that is roughly diamond shaped in cross-section ...<>... I can't get the Lansky clamp to hold that blade at all. I've tried masking tape, cork gasket material, rubber cement. Blade just won't stay in the clamp.		The sharpening set DID do a pretty good job on a one dollar WallyWorld knife that is fairly thin and flat. But even then, the knife tends to shift around in the clamp, making the stone strokes not very repeatable.		Heavy, thick, short knives - very poor. Blade not secure.	Light weight, thin, tall bladed knives - poor to fair. Blade still not real secure		Uniform and repeated blade to stone angles is a great idea. This system might be able to achieve that. But they'll have to come up with a better way to clamp the blade first or you'll never get to the stoning stage.
1,Does not fit swhacker 100 grain broad heads, maybe its for cross bows I don't know, but blades were too small.  Waste of money.
1,The basic concept of this device seemed like a cool one -- a more hygienic alternative to a headband. However, in practice, I did not enjoy this at all.		First off, as you may guess, you look like a cyborg who's really into Crossfit when you're wearing this thing. But cosmetics aren't the issue. For me the main issue is balancing tightness and comfort. In order for it to work, it needs to have a good "seal" against your forehead. That means keeping it fairly tight. Since I wanted to wear it bicycling, that means sunglasses + helmet strap + tight Sweat GUTR. That is a lot of pressure on the temples and a recipe for the perfect headache.		This might be OK for runners, but for cycling (or any glasses-wearers) I think the comfort problem is just too great.
1,Got the job done, couldn't get into the feel of the microtex over cork and it doesn't like being removed and reapplied as it really takes the curl from being wrapped.
1,I had to return  it. It was runs too small. It is not true to size.
1,The scale works fine.  I like the ability to get an average trigger pull.		I would have given five stars, but the battery compartment fit is lousy!  When the battery is connected, I cannot get the battery into the compartment without binding the wires or causing the power cable to be pulled from the connector.  The net of the matter is this: I don't use the battery cover any more.  I connect the battery and hold it in the compartment while I make my measurements, then disconnect it when I put the meter away.		For $50 +/-, you would think a simple thing like having the battery fit into the battery compartment would not be an issue.
1,Got rusty within the first couple uses :(( was so happy with it till I saw it was rusting from the spout.
1,My second  cabinet arrived today, because the first one mysteriously disappeared in transit, and I was very disappointed to find that the photo on Amazon bears no relationship whatsoever to what I received. Instead there is simply the word Patrions in a generic font, all black, and a one by two inch Patriots logo.  Totally deceptive  advertising, I never would have purchased  had they used the real image.		In  additionally, both doors are falling off and can't be screwed in because the holes are stripped. Overall, a complete waste of money.  If allowed I would give no star, And I haven't even taken out all the contents to see if they are as advertised.
1,My buddy and both have torches, but I would consider them secondaries. After a few dive trips, I have seen more advanced divers with very powerful lights that really illuminate everything underwater. While our torches worked, I know that for one I should have a backup torch just in case the other one dies on me, and two that it would be nice to have a more powerful light.		I was hoping this would fit the bill, but it didn't. It works fine, but it is no stronger than my current torch, which is more of a flashlight that is light and easy to use. This torch is cumbersome and kind of a pain to drag around. If it was very bright and had a large area of lighting, I wouldn't mean, but it is just as strong, if not weaker than a much cheaper, lighter, and easier to carry secondary. Pretty disappointed with this and definitely not getting anything from this company again.
1,This was crap. The base of the device looks sturdy, but soon after it arrived the black plastic that you slide to turn the device on fell off, never to be found again.  Additionally, the light was dim and the battery didn't hold a charge for long.  I was very disappointed for the price.  Since I was living out of the U.S., the cost to return the device was more than I paid.
1,Do not buy this. My career is software so I know design failure when I see it. My first problem was inability to remove the cap over the cable connections. It would turn about a half turn and stop hard. I called support and the man said to apply more force which I did. At a huge torque it broke free and broke the o-ring, revealing that the o-ring had been misaligned at the factory. Bad design to allow this. My second problem was that the battery compartment cap would not close all the way with batteries installed.  The instructions warned about lack of seal if that red 0-ring was visible. Well the designers made the battery allowance too small so that the cap only closed on the last half of the o-ring if there were no batteries installed.  My third problem is the lack of bluetooth despite the logo on the case and whatever promises the company made. The way you are forced to connect your smart device is through wifi which requires you to disconnect with your regular wifi. Yes we did that ten years ago, but not today. My fourth problem is that the iOS app crashes. Yes it does. Just try to look at your pictures. Most companies rush out an update when this happens.  Not this company. My fifth problem is that the interface is awful. Try to do anything in less than ten seconds. And forget about identifying the buttons by touch. They might have curves but flat curves are hard to identify tactily. My sixth problem was the screen focus. I could not focus the sides and the center at the same time. My seventh problem was my inability to see both edges of the screen at the same time. Whatever design they use required me to move my eye to the left and right to see the data at the edge of the screen. Plus the entire center of the screen had this darker haze that also moved left and right with the changing eye position required to see the edges of the screen. (I own two other digital scopes that have none of these optical problems.)		I read that ATN makes good products. Well if they do then this product looks like it was outsourced and ATN can't reel it back in to fix it.	Wait for the third version of this product. Then read the critical reviews very carefully. Most of the problems I had are well documented by other reviewers.
1,I had to deduct a star for questionable build quality. The issue im having is that a fingertip of my glove got snagged on my keychain as i was pulling my keys out. This snag pulled away threads so basically there is only one layer of string and you can see through, not a major issue right now but sooner than later my full finger will be pushing out of the glove and be fully exposed. Im not sure why they skimped on strengthening the contact points of the glove, but due to this issue at this particular price point i expect more.		Pros:	- touchscreen capability is flawless, no issues at all registering presses and swipes.		cons:	- Not built to last, threads unravel far too easily
1,Honestly can't say I'd recommend this unit to anyone. Within weeks the rubber on the handles started to tear and the console worked sometimes only.		Also, the 200lbs weight limit is a joke! I'm a 156 lbs 6'1" female and the stepper at times didn't feel as though it would last through a 15 mins warmup. The unit is also not made for tall people either. I would have to simply rest my arms on the very tops of the handles as to grip them anywhere below that was uncomfortable due to the positioning of arms. If you are 5'8" and shorter and weight 135 lbs or lighter, this maybe ok for you.
1,These are the worst style wise. I am from N.Y.C. and bought these thinking they looked like the picture on the Amazon site. That being that they are slim,stylish,sporty, and a smart Italian type of style pair of sunglasses. These are far from it,these are big,clownish,and far from stylish. If I wore these in Manhattan I would look like a tourist. Giggle,giggle.	Don't go by my review alone you make your own decision. That being said if you want to look like a character out of a B-rated Chinese mafia movie, or have a job lined up riding a scooter delivering food in Beijing then go for these. I will toss these and go to a store for a pair worth the price.
1,Works poorly
1,i ordered them thinking they were gonna fit right into my stock front sight post and also my magpul sight. i received them fast and all accounted for, but when i took a closer look i saw the were just threaded on both sides and was not set up like a stock sight. then when i went to try them in the sight posts just to see the color difference, but they were too big for both my front sight posts. very disappointed
1,I've always bought decent-quality bikes from bike stores, and my kids have been lucky enough to get really nice hand-me-downs or garage sale bikes, so this is the first new "department store" bike I've bought in ages. Maybe I'm spoiled but the quality is pretty bad. I didn't expect craftsmanlike welds or top-quality materials for $80 but the bearings are really terrible; the wheels and fork don't even spin freely or evenly. I re-greased the hubs and loosened the bolts but they still don't feel just right. Assembly *would have been* cake if I didn't have to go in and check all the pre-assembled stuff!		Also, no reflectors are included, which (especially judging by the warnings throughout the manual) seems like something that should be. they're not shown in the photos on the box, so I guess they weren't supposed to be, but how much could it possibly cost to ship a couple reflectors with the bike in the name of safety? Less than a dollar, I'm sure.		Worst of all, the PEDALS were missing from the box, so I guess it's up to Pacific Cycle's customer service department whether or not my son gets a chance to ride it anytime soon. If they can ship me the pedals in a timely manner, I'll update the review with another star or two.
1,I threw this into the laundry and it got all mangled up.  I avoided the dishwasher after people warned about the detergent ruining their hats.  I figured the laundry detergent was made for clothing and would be better.  Too bad this thing couldn't handle the washing machine.  3 of the bars were torn apart.  1 and done...oh well.
1,tends to close in on user mummy fashion or dump onto ground.  no longer using it.  could have used a stiffener near attachments.
1,Super thin Chinese looking product. 3rd time in a row I got burned buying online. Might commit to going back to brick and mortar to find quality which is missing online.
1,The waist band came completely unraveled after one wash.
1,Box  showed up  half opened.	Inside the wrap, the handle to the reel feel off and I had to find the nut (cap) and washer loose in box.	the reel comes with NO string!	The reel has no  thumb release to cast sting when fishing .	Not a product I would recommend for a fishing trip.
1,I did not like this mouthguard as it did not protect bottom teeth to my standards.  Additionally, it felt small, despite doing the sizing to the specifications/directions.  Fortunately, Amazon has an excellent return policy and I was able to get my money back.  Perhaps this would be better for children/young adults with smaller mouths?
1,Grips are so cheap looking I didn't install them
1,Very cheaply built and very disappointed. The arm band broke within the first couple of weeks where the hand grips are attached to the rubber. Then after about 3 months of use, the left foot pedal and left arm (part that hold the foot pedal onto the bike) stripped down and now the foot pedal keeps coming off. Great concept and was nice when it worked to stay "moving" while working, but after breaking so fast, it was a complete waste of money. - UPDATE - I went to Fitdesk website again to try to find customer service information, no luck so then I tried to goto the Fitdesk website to also look at ordering replacement parts to see maybe if I can just quickly try to fix it and keep using it. Parts - 26.99... Wait for it, Shipping Flat Rate - 32.97 LOL really?!?!?! First, I don't think I should have to pay for parts but secondly, 32.97 for shipping when parts are only 26.99? Subtotal $26.99 Shipping & Handling (Flat Rate - Fixed) $32.97 Grand Total $59.96
1,These things barely bounced. Maybe they would be okay for beer pong.
1,The towels did not work for me. I perspire like water running out of a faucet. This towel never absorbed enough sweat to dampen the towel. After two hours of work my face felt as if I had used sand paper on my face.
1,Disappointed, they are too short. It does not cover the whole handle.
1,Not accurate treadmill reading. About 1min/mile off. No way to manually correct this, but that would be the easiest thing to do. The Wahoo app could be so much better that it makes me wonder how much this company actually cares about the quality of the stuff they produce.
1,When we first set this tent up, I was impressed. It went up easy...		But the wind got up above 20mph and this thing crumbled into a big pile. It did not break, but the mechanism that allows for an easy pop up, does not hole up to strong winds...		Also for the $$, they put cheap azz anchors with this product.... i will go buy heavy duty anchors....		rain fly over entrance its chicken shat....  I will probably buy a pop up shelter and place it at the entrance....		or i may take this whole thing and set it on fire.... and call it a loss....
1,This bike computer was somewhat difficult to install,which we determined to be a faulty battery.  The directions are NOT well written, so it made it very difficult to use.  It quit working on the second ride.  The seller was great, in that they offered to replace it, and when I declined that offer, my money was refunded.  I can't endorse this bike computer, but you can't beat this type of customer service.
1,Says Schrader valve on box but is NOT a schrader valve. Will return
1,Water still gets into the mask. Seems like it was build for a specific size face.
1,Leaks badly from the lid. I had one of the older models and it was great. The new style has a different lid and leaks from the side if you throw it in your gym bag.  Unless you plan on keeping this water bottle upright at all times it will leak. Also - the inside straw keeps coming off. A waste of money for me
1,Material is hard , not cool and hard to wear easily.
1,Not good for men. We are a family of 4, so this set is just about right for my wife and two small kids. Theirs are fine, but mind, the blue one, broke just after a week of instant morning exercise. And it is not used that much, I only pull it with my hands while doing the jogging.
1,I took a chance on this thing.  Wow was I surprise at the workman ship of this item.  It was poorly made.  It does sight in, you just have to cut the front post with a smooth/fine cut file after making the adjustment all the way up.  Oh well, that is the real thing it is the way the item is made. very poorly in the design and machine work. a lot of play in the moving parts. It is made of Alum but I cannot tell what type. Would I buy this item again, most likely not would I recommend it, heck no.
1,Product came quickly and was as described. Fair price. It fit well on my Fitbit but had TWO spots in it within the first 5 days of having it that the glass got broken somehow and there were shards coming off of it.  I don't even remember hitting it on anything. Probably won't buy again.
1,The glove is very comfortable but the picture does not reveal that it does not have additional palm padding and as a result it will not last as long as other gloves.
1,My lock smith was not able to get it to work, however a blank form a VW worked great.
1,very heavy. no way to assemble out in the woods without bringing some tools along. I would not consider this "portable" at all
1,I have had this holster pouch for three years. The other day while out shopping one of the plastic belt loops ripped off where the plastic attaches to to the pouch. The pistol I was carrying was a Colt Mustang Pocket Lite. The holster did not get snagged on anything that would of caused this defect. For conceal carry I want and expect better quality than this.	This is an expensive holster for what you get. I will not be purchasing another product from this company. My Sneaky Pete's work the best !!!
1,Fell apart after second use. Gave it an extra star for the included case.
1,Not a good buy.  Doesn't reset as indicated.  Would not recommend.
1,Did not realize "Practice" balls meant "crappy" balls.  These are not normal ping pong balls, and hardly bounce at all when you hit them.  Can't even use them playing ping pong.  My 2 yr old smacks them around for fun and that's the only use they are to me.  I do not recommend these balls.
1,The picture is misleading.  I was looking for a starter tackle box with basic tackle in it (in fact that's what I searched)  I got this today and it was completely empty and something I could have just walked into Walmart and bought.
1,Does not stay cold at all. I would recommend getting something thicker and better quality.
1,They leak! First of all, the cap pops off too easily, and secondly, they leak! Every time I've put them in my daypack (biking or hiking) I've opened my bag to find water all over. Get the Platypus instead.
1,Came on my Hoyt Charger. I do NOT like this thing.		Pros: Quiet, lightweight, comfortable, easily adjusted.		Cons: Floppy and annoying to get hand through, plastic mount annoying, not camo, lots of excess when adjusted.
1,Rear light worked, front light didn't. Returned.
1,Item arrived with no lid. It had to be sent back.
1,tip bent after 2 throws.. para cord broke on the first
1,you get what you pay for.  No hole for the hydration pack to exit the bag and no separate zippered pocket for the hydration pack so you have to go into the backpack and empty contents to refill your water.
1,This pump very difficult to use. The fixed head either breaks the seal as you pump with it or you ruin the valve. As the pressure rises, more air escapes and you get too tired to pump more than the minimum so you can limp to where a real pump can be found.  If you use a pump you can carry, get one with a flexible hose between the pump and the valve.  There are a number that have them built into pump body.  Or, get a CO2 cartridge pump.
1,Quick powder measure was used, other parts missing. Box came with tape removed and stapled closed.
1,Placed this mattress into service in July, Today is September 1st and the mattress is failing. the mattress has developed a "bulge" in the very middle. it seems that a compartment inside the mattress has failed and all the air is trying to go to the middle of the mattress.
1,Screwed up mouthpiece, never quite worked. Oh well, I took a risk at buying cheap.
1,The one I received was poorly made. The screw threads on the main riser were poorly cut and would NOT allow the riser to screw in. I returned it for a refund.
1,Good Light . Bright enough on the 2nd.bright setting for an unlit ,dark paved bike trail at 0530 ..Once adjusted on the handlebar it stays in place . Easy to change from one bike to another ..My first light would "go to sleep " in the wavering/flashing? mode...Customer Service replaced the light within a few days...There was Zero Problem with these folk...(I have received NO incentive to write a positive review )...Good Light !! DB.	Update 8-23-17 Same problem with the replacement light..after 90 min.light goes out ..Will turn back on ..then goes out..Batteries fully charged..New fully charged battery ..same problem..	Will be returning light.
1,plastic belt is made of bad quality material	it would break before using it
1,I'm a PE teacher and Athletic Director. My school's colors are red and silver. I ordered the silver because I did not want black. The whistle is silver but the lanyard is black which defeated the point. Not a big deal I guess but the picture should accurately depict the product. When you blow, the whistle works. The lanyard holds the whistle around my neck. So the product is functional. Just disappointed that both aren't the same color.
1,I eagerly unwrapped about 40 layers of saran wrap on this, This Kukri has a good feel in the handle and good chopping balance. The blade is massively strong. Unfortunately it was visibly dull and ground to a rounded axe grind shape. Somebody inscribed INDNA on it sloppily with a hand engraver. I went at it with the Dremel tool, Lansky Puck and a flat stone for 40 minutes and barely got any edge on it.  The sheath really stinks of mildew. These are thin leather over wood and cardboard.  I might be able to use this on sod work but its not a useful blade, too large, heavy and dull for any self defense uses	I supposed I cannot return it after sharpening so much. Actually I tossed it in the trash today. Get Cold Steel next time.
1,Don't  work long
1,Crap. Don't waste your money.
1,I bought these for 4th of July, and put them together today. Been in sun for a few hours, haven't even used them yet and this is what I get.....
1,These are insanely oversized and the fabric is too flimsy. They move with every pedal stroke, which is what causes chafing, and is half the reason for wearing bike shorts. Spend a few extra dollars and get something decent.
1,Does not flip small primers well.
1,I read other reviews so I bought this...I thought it would be easy to set up....guess I am too simple minded...after 10 minutes of farting around I have put it in the box and now in closet...waste of time or I am just an old fart that can't figure things out.
1,It was fine for a season, but when I took it out this year, the rubber was all cracked up (see attached photos). Not worth the money.
1,Non-functional out of the box.  No flint in the slot, so no sparks.	Typical China import quality control.
1,This is not anything close to the ultimate travel pillow	1) the one I got was not self inflating - open the valve and it maybe inflates 20-25%, it came with strange hard spots / lumps in it so maybe the foam wasn't working or was bad	2) in my opinion deflated its way to big to be considered a travel pillow taking up some 6' x 6" x 6"	3) in order to get it anything like a pillow you need to blow it up (not to big a chore) but then its no better than a simple air pillow which cost way less and pack way smaller	4) its just a plastic air pillow, I thought it had a fabric but unless plastic is a fabric it doesnt have any.	5) in my opinion, way over priced.  Again it's simply an in inflatable air bladder with a self inflating gimmick that may or may not work (it didn't for me)		Note, I did not get a free sample from the Company so these are just my opinion.
1,i thought this product was made by buck in u.s.a. but made in china
1,Don't waste your money just by speedo
1,After wearing next to my skin during my workout, I got the burning feeling they spoke about. The burning feeling continued and when I took a shower it felt like  a chemical burn on my stomach. The next day I wore it and went into the pool and the same reaction. I couldn't even wash that sensation from my skin. I returned the belt to Amazon
1,cheap
1,The quality is disappointing.  It broke upon the first use.
1,The casing is awesome. However there is a coupon on the inside to order a name plaque for a certain price. I thought that would be awesome for my son to put on the holder to show off the ball he got and who he got it from. However, check cashed and no name plaque received. But the holder which works as advertised but beware of the name plaque offer.
1,I was optimistic, but I'm afraid to say that this is worse than the bar itself.  I literally had to hurry up and put the weight back on the holders because it didn't come close to fitting on my shoulders.  Also of note, it appears the manufacturers are aware of the safety risks associated with their product as they've labeled this paperweight with a big, "we're not responsible for injury" notice.  Red flag in my book.  Returning.
1,Nice idea however cant figure out how to attach the glow lights. No instructions.
1,I do not like because the cup not arrives with canteen
1,I love the way these shorts fit and feel when they are brand new.  The problem is (and this is the second pair this has happened to) after about six weeks of use, wearing them about twice a week, the pad in the rear seems to let go of whatever is holding it in place and bunches up instead of providing a nice, even seat.  The first pair I was able to exchange but not this pair.  To me this is a fairly good amount to pay for shorts which give about ten to fifteen wearings before they do not perform the way they are supposed to.  It's too bad because, as I said, they are great when new.
1,Three different pump valve did not fit on the adaptor securely, Very difficult to attached my pump valve perfectly so I pump air into my bike tires.	Finally find and brought a floor pump that had both the Schrader and Presta valves on it and they both work great.
1,Cool idea but could be a lot better quality. Ad is misleading it says the watch is water proof, which I got caught outside in a heavy rain and the clock went out and I couldn't turn the flashlight off. Therefore it is "water resistant" not water proof."I've literally had the watch for less than 2 days and it's already broke and worthless to me." I hate how you have to hold the button down for 3sec before it starts doing the strobe light. If I'm using strobe light to blind someone that is trying to hurt me they're not going to wait 3 seconds while I turn it on.
1,After a few weeks of using this bottle pouch, I attempted to remove it from a belt. The snaps had rusted and broke off, so I can no longer use it.
1,Small fit.
1,Unit was not manufactured correctly.  The holes for the beam that runs across the floor to bolt to the right leg were not drilled correctly.  They were drilled on the opposite side as the blueprint showed they needed to be.  The vertical beams going up are about 3 inches off the center line so the unit cannot be assembled this way.  Currently the unit is assembled as shown in the blueprint and being held together by a large C clamp since the holes for the bolts were incorrectly drilled.  Also there is a slight bend visible to the eye in the right "central" vertical support.  Everything else is manufactured correctly.
1,FELL APART 1ST USE
1,Does not for an H&K MP5-22. Don't waste your money.
1,This is getting a low review because I'm comparing it to the windstar from costco that you can get for $100 in store. I got this for my 6 year-old, wanting something a little smaller than the 8' windstar. This board is $30 less but much lower quality. When putting the fins in, I got little pieces of foam falling out all over the place. The surface is of much lower quality. Even the leash is junk compared to the windstar. If you're an adult and plan to surf on this, go with the windstar. This might last one season with medium use. If you want it for a pool toy or decoration or something, great. I may update my review after my 6 year-old actually attempts to use it.		Also, do yourself a favor and for this or any foam board, use marine sealant on the fins and screws before putting them in. It'll help keep water out of the board and from them dripping for days after.
1,If you're looking for just a heart rate monitor (it is waterproof and good for swimming) then this is for you.  There aren't any bells and whistles at all.  Straight forward, heart rate, time of exercise and that's it.  The log only stores your last workouts data, you need to record it before you start another session.
1,These shorts are great with the exception of the stitching and material in the crotch area. Mine have already developed a rip and I have not had them a year. This is always an issue with Columbia's shorts. I would not recommend these to anyone who is remotely active but if you want a pair to wear around the house they would probably serve you fine.
1,Cute and probably would be good if it came with a needle. Went out and bought a standard needle that didn't work. Maybe I missed something, but this was a waste of money for my needs.
1,So far, I've purchased 6 of these ncaa throws in different schools and every one of them have held up well even after several washings. My grandchildren even take them to outdoor events. They are not very thick but good enough in cold weather when you have warm clothing on.		Update: 10/22/2015, Originally I gave this throw a '5' rating. However, I noticed for the first time that the label attached to the throw states that the product contains LEAD. Whaaat!!!! And to think we've been using this throw for several months. Other reviewers have said the same thing about the Notre Dame and Duke Blue Devils throws. I wonder if this is true with only this particular item and style. In any event, my rating has now plunged to a '1' and the throw is now in the trash..
1,This is not the quality i had expected from HIBBEN! Yes this knife is large, it is not as sharp as it could be, it is very light for its size and the blade is on my opinion a little thin! I'm not impressed by this bowie, and I'm not very happy with this purchase!
1,very thin. definitely see through
1,Not a true red and it does not always stay snapped.
1,Wont fit modern rings. Hooks too small.
1,Not to great a computer, I got exactly what I paid for, a cheap item that had the wire from the sensor break the first week.  Buyer beware.
1,Spout broke after only a week. No replacement options.
1,Got this thinking it would be cool and easier to have a bright colored sight, but they are not very good quality and most of them are see through. Also thought it made my AR look fake with a bright plastic piece near the muzzle.
1,skinny jeans, basically. my Danner boots are big and bulky and I look like a clown wearing these unfortunately. Because these are so skinny, they are already tearing at the crotch and pantleg seams.		I LOVE these pants but wish they fit better- I even ordered a size larger than I would ever dare.... still too skinny in the pant-leg. I would order another size up, if I could, and I am sure it would be MUCH better...
1,too small, very bad quality
1,Tried these when I put in new Jagwire cables. Too small, left about 1/3 of the cable exposed, as though they were designed for thinner housings.
1,To big too heavy
1,Very uncomfortable - does not measure upto its brand name.
1,FAIR
1,Cheap, not on point.  Should have sent this crap back.
1,Hard to position and to hold it's position.  Save up your money and get the Renetto chair.
1,The brown layer peels off. Within a day of purchase, it was heavily ripped.
1,The product arrived quickly and well packaged. The color was not what I had imagined, but it grows on you. The smell was a little difficult to handle and quickly filled the room. It's a lot better now.  I've been using this for a few months now so I can provide a more precise review. It has a nice touch and grip when you run your fingers over the mat. This, however, is not how is feels when you use it for Hatha yoga. I am not able to hold my poses on this mat without constantly adjusting my stance. I feel like I am going to slip off the mat. The mat is heavy so I don't want to get a yoga towel and add extra bulk to my bag. The mat is expensive, so I don't want to toss it out or spend extra money use to use it. I wish there was something else I can do.
1,Perfect for the lazy. For this I am lazy, you can have the same thing with $0.10 worth of thread and cotton balls if you want to take the time to make them.
1,Got the Size 2, which was the recommended size for my Kahr P380.  However, it was too tight of a fit and I kept pulling the entire holster out with the gun every single time I drew it.
1,I bought this hammock for Motocamping.  It is nice a small for packing onto the motorcycle, light weight and relatively easy to set up.  I got out to my camp site, got it up between my chosen trees and sat in it for a few minutes.  Within less than 5 minutes, I was on the ground.  the thing stretched like a damn bungee cord. So, I adjusted the straps higher and tighter.  When I went to bed for the night, I was probably 18"-24" off the ground, When I woke up at midnight, my butt was on the ground. It stretched again.  So, Higher and tighter it went.  At 3:30am I woke up again.  this time my butt and a good portion of my back were on the ground.  Not only that, but when I got back in from my 3:30am adjustment, I couldn't pull the zipper closed all the way for the bug net.	Needless to say, I am disappointed. I mean, I expect SOME stretching. But not this much stretching. But what should I expect from a $35 hammock?  Time for me to invest in a better set up.
1,I tried it, but just couldn't get it to work reliably. The holster hangs up on the pistol (S&W Shield...) when drawn from the pocket and requires two hands to free. It looks Ok and doesn't print bad at all, but there are better choices available. I ended up going with a kydex pocket holster from Alabama Holsters, works so much better, and draws free one handed.		[...]	So if you're looking for a pocket holster I would recommend going with a Kydex over one made of suede or leather.
1,It works but i had to strike it pretty hard to get sparks and when they camel here is not that much of them and they didn't fly very far from the source. This makes it a bit difficult to light a delicate pile of kindling. However , this is my first fire stick and I may be doing something wrong.
1,This e-Gear Survival Essentials Folding Map Compass is not worth even thought of purchasing.  Mine literally fell apart upon opening the package and lifting the lid...  and cannot be put together so as to stay that way.  I'm certainly happy I intended to keep it for myself rather than for a gift, since it is not worth owning, and essentially of no use.  Perhaps I received the 1 in 1000 that isn't worth having, but I would advise anyone not to buy the thing.  jt  Vermont
1,This product is not worth the money. In fact I would go as far as saying there is a total waste of money. The concept is good however the reality of wearing a large frame pistol down the front of your pants is incredibly stupid.		You cannot do every day tasks with a large frame pistol stop down the front of your fly I could not sit in the seated position it is nearly impossible to pull out the weapon		Even in a standing position you can see a very prominent bulge in front of your pants there is going shaped. So much for concealed carry.		When you walk  This pistol holster prince terribly on your parents and you would have to wear your belt very loosely to allow for the kind of action that they capture in their promotional video.		I would not stake my life on this holster, I wish I could get my money back.
1,Arrived on time in good condition,  but fell apart after 2 hours of use.  Will not purchase again.
1,Came with the wrong size battery for the reticle.
1,As another reviewer pointed out, these are tad short.  The pump head will not make complete contact and seal it, resulting in loss of air as you pump.  For $4 and add-on item, I was going to throw them away, but I found a way to use them.  Instead of threading them all the way down, I left the final few turns so that it sits a bit higher and make the contact with the pump head.
1,These are actually really nice for swimming.	Compared to my pair of Nike's, these are much much better.		Update: After only a few uses, the hard plastic lock on the band has failed.	Clearly a design flaw, using a hard plastic to latching lock, plastic fatique comes very quick on hard plastics and this being the latch/lock, clearly a bad design.	I'd rather have no latch/lock on the band, and have the goggles last longer.		Goggles aren't useable now. silicone bands are too short to tie together to create a workaround.
1,Sucks! Stopped working after 5 minutes threw in the garbage were it belongs.
1,they broke my glass door	(profanity)
1,They only have a lock ring on the outside but not on the inside they keep twisting loose on me especially going up hill where you need to grip harder
1,The brushes feel cheap, and the picks are plastic.  I used the brass brush, and after only one use, the bristles are all going in different directions.  I would not buy this again..
1,striped out on first try
1,Thin and poor quality.
1,no instructions on package on how to use ,i assumed these were like other loops i have used and the tubes were heat shrink material evidently they are not and maybe you are supposed to glue them.i learned my lesson you get what you pay for,will not buy again
1,I am not impressed with this soft breathable chill instant cooling towel by Alfamo.  It is 40x12 but feels and looks like a basic thin piece of soft polyester with mesh on the under side.  When it is wet it is not "cool", just wet.  My husband works outside in 100+ heat on a daily basis.  It did not cool him off or work for him.		I have received another cooling cloth that is cold when wet.  This product does not work for me.
1,Wouldn't buy again. Material too slick feeling. Not as attractive as picture.
1,My first disappointment with this DVD is on me. I should have looked at the date it was produced. This thing is so old it is hard for me to take it seriously and the background they use on the set is just weird. The next disappointment though I can't take credit for. I bought it because of the rave reviews of the instructor and what great direction she gave. What direction would have been helpful would have been to mention what you will need to do the workouts. If I knew I needed a bench and a barbell with weights, I would have joined a gym. This is supposed to be an at home workout which I would have expected required hand weights or bands. Waste of money.
1,hack sacks should be spherical. not pancakes shaped.  lousy for actually trying to play hacky sack. make nice decorations.  I would recommend buying real hacky sacks.
1,It's alright slide functions fine so whatever issue there was with that was fixed. But the weapon sits way to low to draw comfortably or quickly this product is almost really awesome but is useless because of how low the weapon sits very disappointed
1,looks good but doesn't work very good !
1,I could not get the rail mount adapter to work with my sight.  Bought a different one and it worked flawless. Good construction but it was useless to me.
1,Cheap piece of crap. Used less than 10 and zipper broke right off.  Do not buy, its not worth even a dollar and you risk losing items in the bag.  Id give it zero stars if I could.
1,Strings have already become loose
1,I guess 10 inches at Under Armor has gotten longer over the years. I bought some of these a few years ago, and the fit great. They became my primary gym shorts. Recently, I ordered some more, and now they are at least two inches longer (yes, both styles were the 10"). If I were shooting hoops with my crew back on the block, I'd love them, but I'm looking for a functional gym short, and these are no longer them.
1,Cheap
1,Would not work
1,It did not work, doesn't matter how I pushed the dome to turn it on/off.  As it turns out, the original batteries were dead! This thing was brand-new and had never been used before that I know of.  Its heavy weight of 29 grams causes serious imbalance in the wheel.  As long as you don't ride fast, this shouldn't be a problem.  I'd mount the SpokeLit on the opposite side of the reflector that should already be on your wheel.  Replacing the battery was easily done by prying off the dome with a colorful logo.  This light has two modes.  One is flashing and the other one staying on constantly.  I must say that the only neat thing about this light is that its color changes when not in flashing mode.  Pretty cool!  I'd given it higher rating, had it been shipped with fresh set of batteries (two of 2016 button type batteries).  Order this with extra batteries, if you want to use this light.
1,Too difficult to put on. Returned
1,The lights I received are essentially 1-time-use lights. The battery went out fairly quickly and changing the battery carefully did not make them light up again. A shame because I wanted to find a good easy bike light
1,If I could have given it a zero star rating I would have.  This is a great concept that should provide quite a bit of fun when on the range, however it doesn't work.  You can hit the targets multiple times and they will NOT flip to the other side on a consistent basis.  As I said the concept is great but if you spend the money and it doesn't work then it's just plain frustrating.  Instructions say to use at a minimum distance of 30 yards for handguns.  Right?  We used rifles at that 20 yards and they still didn't flip over.  Don't waste your money, you'll just get frustrated at the fact you can't return it.
1,Not sure how this thing is getting decent reviews. Eye relief is so bad if you wear shooting glasses you are gonna have it hitting your glasses even with the mild recoil from a ar15. Both the literature and their website say the eye relief is 2 inches. I've found its closer to 1.5"	Careful wearing shooting glasses. I've found anything above a 223 has enough recoil to hit your glasses with this short a eye relief.	After firing a few rounds center will move, then you'll need to recenter all over again. Swinging it out of the way a few times and you'll need to recenter again since its not consistent where it returns to. Not sure where they got the 42mm spec from since it measures 45mm. Its off 3mm from lining up with my Vortex which is 42mm. Confirmed with a micrometer.	Only things I can say positive about it is its cheap, the optic itself is clear with a nice magnificaton, its better than the first version, and easy to return.	** As a side note, I'm not sure about the exact measurements. I do know it doesn't align properly with several of my red dots and only aligns with 2 of the 4 UTG red dots I have. With the misalignment even with the center adjustment, you'll have part of the housing of the red dot visible in the glass. Moving it forward closer to the red dot helps this issue but then with the poor eye relief you have to move your cheek weld forward to compensate.
1,These are way too big and Id really appreciated it if I could exchange them for a Medium?	Please	Same goes for the other Under Armor pants they are so big... I just got around to trying them on and well Im asking for an exception.
1,they are ok but no cups will fit them guess in china they got the cups that go with the holder?
1,This leash is impossible for my male 40 lb dog. He still pulls a little bit, but the pressure is all in his groin area. I tried to move the "belt part" of the leash further up his rib cage, but of course, it slides back down. If you want to see if this style leash will work for your dog, you can easily use your regular leash (a fabric leash works better than leather for this), hook it to the collar, and wrap it around the dog's belly and slip the handle through the loop. It's the same principal. This leash is not worth even the cheap price.
1,I bought these in July and by December there was a decent sized rip on one of them.  They're not very durable, they don't have space for a 15" laptop whether it's in a padded sleeve or not, and they flap around and into the wheel if you don't have a rack with a third brace towards the back.  The holes at the top for the rack spring to slide through and hold it down looked worn almost right away...  Just not very good.  That said, they're not very expensive so if you just need something for rare use, these might be the trick.  As a daily commuter, just not good enough.
1,These are decent socks but over priced.  They also run small.  It's hard to justify paying this price for 1 pair of socks when you can get 4 or 6 good pairs of socks for about the same price.
1,It's cool for around the house but breaks easily. I had one that I dropped on my foot from about 18" high and it shattered cutting my foot up. I was very disappointed because I prefer glass over plastic or metals due to taste. Then I found hydro flask and never looked back.
1,Came in pieces, flimsy and did a terrible job controlling line speed to get a tight wind on the reel.		I wanted a cheap alternative to the more professional reel stringers, this was just a waste of money.
1,Purchased this twice, second pair were generic and stiff.
1,The 25-32mm range makes it useless for the smaller sizes since it is made for 32mm.
1,This holster really leaves a lot lacking, for the price I wasn't expecting greatness, but the stitching on the sticky stuff started to come unravelled in just a couple of uses, I wouldn't recommend this product.
1,The material is thin and I was so scared it would be punctured or just plain burst that I stopped using it. Also, people kept making comments that it looked like a silicone boob (and they were right). Since you have to tilt the bottle to actually drink from it, the effect really is like nursing. I gave it away.
1,upon receiving the lantern I noticed it did not look anything like the picture. It has a very small base it stands on and can tip over very easy. When I inquired I was told this was the new design. My feeling on the design change BAD CHOICE on the new design. I feel it is now unsafe to use due to the fact it tips over real easy.
1,This is not the same quality product that Maxpedition once produced.  At some point in the last couple of years Maxpedition has changed the manufacturing (moved to Veitnam?) and the material used for the pouch does not look or feel anywhere close to the older model I have.		The pouch material now has a much courser weave and feels stiffer.  With the new pocuh I can actually see light gaps between the weave.  Interestingly, the inside pouch is made of a different material which is closer to the older one and much nicer.  The zipper system seems to be the same between the two.		I think I'm going to spray the outside of the pouch with a silicone spary to help with water resitance.  This is something I never even considered doing with the older one, however, the loose weave leaves me with concerns.		Why two stars - because I expect it to still meet its intended function.  However, the drop in material quality is of concern and I will now need to spray the outside with silicone.		Note, I would have returned but I cannot seem to find a similar product of better quality - I'm looking (any suggestions would be appriciated).		As a result of this purchase, I will not be buying anymore Maxpedition products based on older models that I have.		In the future, I will not be replacing anymore Maxpedition products based on the products I already own.  This is a shame because I really liked Maxpedition products and did not mind paying a premium for their quality.
1,I found that the tops pop off rather easily
1,Not impressed but for that kind of money didn't expect much.  Rust out in no time if in salt water
1,Does not work
1,bought this after a friend had great reviews but so far im not impressed. My dinners taste like metal and after 3 uses the bottom already looks like it is getting a hole in it. Very disappointed.
1,This rim rusted very quickly... Other than that seems ok, nothing special but does work.
1,These worked out fine for the first few swims, but after a month or so of swimming two to three times a week they became saggy and thin.  I don't recommend them.
1,It broke at the point where the see-thru window meets the band. lasted two weeks. Very disappointed.
1,stitching defective fell apart after 3 weeks of light use. berkley sending a replacement. update: replacement also fell apart after a few weeks light use. conclusion JUNK !!
1,September 2016 order item review:	Don't buy it! Just put on for a week and 1 string is completely torn, for mild bay area weather. Item must have been sitting in warehouse for too long and fabric got crispy or bad batch or something. Can I take it off the rim and exchange???		Review for June 2015 order:	Update: August 2015, net finally gave out so order 2 more!		So far still holding up okay after few weeks. No rips or tears like the non heavy duty one, that just rips after few weeks of use.	Get the heavy duty if you don't want to climb up the ladder again every few weeks.
1,not very convenient to assemble!!!
1,Cheap, crappy colors
1,Piece of junk. Does not give readings. Maybe the one I got was a lemon. Not gonna chance it by a real chrono
1,Mainly bought it to store extra flares in the canistar. Smaller than I thought, have to really cram everything back in after taken out. Also has a funky smell to it once opened. Smell might go away after a while, don't know. Probably won't use to much...might be *ok for a kayak
1,Tiny targets.  Million pieces to put together. Such a nightmare, not even worth attempting.  Don't even think it would be nice of me to give it away.
1,crossbow string keeps breaking. 2nd string broke and haven't shot it once. piece of crap. seller doesnt respond.
1,These are not real ping pong balls. Just plastic round balls. Even my cat doesn't  like them. Save your money.
1,To small for my steering wheel, I have a 2003 Buick Century. I wish they made a bigger one.
1,If you have the feet the size of a malnourished 4 year old, I'm sure it would work great. Because I am a full grown adult with normal size feet that fit shoes sold in all major stores it was useless to me.
1,Way too small, constantly rode up on my head so it was more balanced on top of my head than actually fitted around it.  Seemed very cheaply made.  I wore it once then donated it to charity and bought a better one.
1,Just got these so I haven't used them yet. The quality looks awesome, they come with a really nice case that can be clipped to your harness. AND they arrived in 2 days (regular free shipping)  what more can I say.		Had to modify my review. After a few times using these, the prisms just came unglued and fell off. Wow, really poor manufacturing. So much for the quality. I lost the prism otherwise I would glue them back on with something that would hold. I advise against purchasing these if you expect to use them for any real climbing.
1,Camelback sounds like a great idea. I mean come on who doesnt want to sip water on demand from a handy pouch stored in a pack? The devil is in the details.	1. There are many parts/seams that can fail. Any water container can theoretically fail, camelback with all it's tubes, mouth piece, seams, connectors, and soft plastic is a disaster. On the plus side the company doe have good warranty and support.	2. The thing is hard to clean and if you don't clean it well it gets moldy.	3. When you are on the trail if you take your pack off and set it on the ground the first thing in the dirt is the mouthpiece.	4. It is not versatile around camp. It doesn't stand up, if you take the lid off and set it down it gushes all over. It's just kind of a wierd inconvenient blob.	5. The thing freezes really easily. This is because the tube is so thin. In cold weather even w a neoprene sleeve it freezes really fast.	6. Too expensive. By the time you buy the bladder and cleaning kit and neoprene sleeve it's like a $50+ proposition just to get a drink of water.		In summary, just get a Nalgene bottle or a quality regular water bottle. It's much cheaper and easier and actually works better.
1,the sizing chart is totally inaccurate
1,what a junk scope.  this should have been like five dollars.  lol.  i was going to put it on my hi-point but it even got offended!  i cant say if it holds zero or not because I never mounted it to anything.  it was that cheap looking that I wouldnt even try it.
1,Purchased for my 12 yo son who is involved in karate and kung fu.  These shoes held up for a total of (2) 3-hour training sessions.  The canvas pulled out from the sole on the small toe side of his foot.  These are junk.
1,Will not fit a Remington 1100 SPECIAL.  Fore end is approximately 1 inch longer than the magazine tube.  If the listing had stated it would not fit the 1100 SPECIAL, I would not have ordered it.
1,It smells ... its smells like a musty stale laundry. Its gross, had to wash it before use.
1,Just bought this knife to practice sharpening the blade.  Poor quality.  The knife is loose with the handle.  Purely eye candy.  Comes with a canvas sheath; together they weigh 14.7 oz.  I believe the description says the blade is 440 stainless.  Sharpened up nice but I would not trust this knife in the field.
1,Way too small
1,Liked the idea of a 2x red dot- old eyes.  bought is for a ruger mini 14- which i ended up selling.  So tried it on an ar- 30 rounds of 22lr- no problem- 10 rounds of .223- red dot fell to the bottom of the scope- never to return.  ABCD Sales- responded with no warranty - not even a year old- pos product- pos company-
1,Decent bibs for the money but they aren't actually black. They're a very dark blue in person, so be warned.
1,Cheaply made.
1,Terrible mask construction.  There is one thin piece of plastic holding the head strap to the mask.  It broke the first day.  The snorkel didn't stay dry either. I have no idea how this set gets such good ratings.
1,It seems, based on the reviews, that people are having inconsistent results ordering this vest. In the one I received there are no back or side pockets for plate and the front pocket is not padded as claimed.		I noticed the problem too late to return it so I'm stuck with it.
1,Was a cute bottle but NOT wide mouth. I returned for a full refund.
1,Do not buy very poor quality broke the first day it was received.  Gave to grandson for Christmas noticed the light did not work. Went with him to shoot gun since it was his one. He was so happy until the handgun broke. A little later  plastic pieces started breaking off the rifle. It barely lasted a day. He was not rough with either gun nor did he drop them. Very upset and hope I can get my money back. Its a same his favorite Christmas gift was such a let down.
1,This is the worst quality paracord I have every purchased. The outer jacket is loose from them innercore. I seriously doubt it will hold up. Dear Rothco, kick your QC mgr in the %^%$.
1,I have used a few pedometers over the years and this one didn't do it for me.  The step count seemed really off.  It is sitting in a drawer, never to be used (by me) again.
1,Second pair I've purchased. First pair split on the hem after wearing a few times. Replacement completely split across the crotch after 2 weekends. Missed the return window. Will not be buying Arctix again.
1,Purchased his in September of 2013 so I could train indoors for the winter without having to go to a gym.  Decided on the Precor because of it's reputation for quality, service and just an overall good product.  It also doesn't have a tv or a fan or any gimmicks.  I thought this meant I would get a better treadmill that is good at what is most important, running.		Fast forward to a month ago, and the treadmill broke.  As my wife was turning off the treadmill it blew our house breaker.  Turning it back on the belt wouldn't turn on and then would continually blow the breaker.  At this point I wasn't too worried since I figured they would have it fixed in a few days.		I called Precor on a monday, tech finally showed up on thursday.  He looked at it, said he needed to order a part, and then left.  3 weeks from the initial call I finally called Precor myself (nobody ever followed up with me) and they said UPS had some sort of issue with the part and it would be delivered on Monday.  The repair place called monday as well and said they would take care of it.  It's now Wednesday, a month to the day of when it broke, and I still have a non functioning treadmill.		I'm not faulting Precor for the treadmill breaking (although the reviews show this is a common problem), but having a treadmill that does not work for a month without any followup is worthy of a one star.  I paid more to not have this problem, much rather would have saved money and gone with another brand.
1,Very cheap made.  Hoped the kids would like them as much as the old lawn darts. They just sit in the corner.
1,After 5 uses they are already falling apart
1,Uncle Mikes makes quality holsters, however there sizing chart sucks. I order one for my LC9s the first one I received was way too small, I returned it and reordered another one but it also was too small. I ended up going to town and paying more for a holster that actually fit correctly. All of this caused me wasted time and it cost Amazon money for the shipping twice and return-shipping twice. Uncle Mikes needs to provide a service so you can enter your product information and they can provide the correct part number.
1,This thing doesn't do anything at all that I can tell.	Should have purchased "Snake Oil" from the traveling salesman instead! Probably would have been better.
1,This did not Fit the SCCY CPX2. Its is way too tight and the gun rids too high as to the point the trigger is not protected.		So I tried one of my Fobus Glock 19 Holsters.	The one that fit was the Fobus GL-2 ND Standard Right Hand Paddle.	There is an adjustable screw and you get just the right tension with the CPX2	You want to get the one with the 4 holes in the holster.		http://www.fobusholster.com/products/GLOCK_17_19_22_23_31_32_34_35_EVOLUTION_PADDLE_HOLSTER-2766-116.html
1,I like the holster design, shape and weight, but it doesn't fit a S&W 360PD (.357 magnum).  This holster is supposed to fit a whole slew of guns from 3 different manufacturers.  That's just not possible.  How can a holster fit guns with completely different body styles???  Rossi, Charter Arms and S&W all have very distinct frame styles so there's no way one holster can accommodate all those different shapes.  The S&W J Frame alone has a multitude of different styles (different shaped barrels, muzzles, etc), which is why kydex holster manufacturers have to make molds specifically for each gun model.  If Fobus took the time to make this holster for each specific gun, then it would be great.  As it stands now, you have to be lucky if it will fit your gun.  Great holster, terrible execution with fitting.
1,I own and love my 3mm yoga mat from Gaiam so I assumed the 5mm would be the same thing just a little thinker.  Nope.  The thickness felt nice on my knees and it was really pretty, but this thing is so slippery I couldn't do a down dog without my feel and hands sliding away from each other.  My warrior twos were the lowest I've ever done because my feet kept slipping apart.  This mat was completely useless and I had to return it.
1,This item took forever to arrive in the mail first of all but was expected as this is an overseas knock-off.  For the price though, I figured I'd give it a chance and have it as a backup if nothing else.	At a quick glance, it looks nearly identical to the Hoppe's bore snake but when you look closer, you quickly realize why it's so cheap.  The sewing/stitching is very poorly done and was already coming undone before it was ever used.  I then tried to use it in my .308 and it got stuck halfway up the barrel.  I may have been able to force it through but wasn't confident it wouldn't break and was forced to pull it out backwards to prevent a potential big problem.  I used it in my SKS though and the fit was pretty good (SKS barrel is a lot "looser").	I believe to head of the bore snake could be sewn down more/tighter which may eliminate the hard binding I was getting in my .308 but as it comes out, I would not recommend this to anyone.  If you're willing to do some sewing to fix it and make it work, then it could be worth the price.
1,I BOUGHT THREE OF THESE, THEY ALL BROKE THE FRIST TIME WIND  & HEAVY RAIN HIT THE COVER OF MY BOAT BOAT. THE PLASTIC IS JUST TOO WEAK TO HOLD UP WHEN IT RAINS & YOU GET JUST A FEW POUNDS PUSHING DOWN ON THEM..  I WOULD NOT RECCOMENED THEM TO USE UNDER A BOAT COVER.
1,Broken zipper when received. Returns next day.
1,good product, poor shipping
1,headphone port doesn't line up on bottom for iphone 6...also difficult to hit the side button on the phone to shut display off because strap is in the way. There is a random slot in the back that looks like it might be for the camera, but its on the wrong side and serves no purpose......Key doesn't fit that well, and strap can be annoying when tightening. Its functional, But has many flaws in its design unfortunately.
1,I tried these. They fit fine, but the gel pads we way too bulky and uncomfortable.  3d Gel Padded Coolmax Bicycle Short by Xcellent Global are a better fit, less bulky, a lot more comfortable and are cheaper.
1,Not as good as Gildans
1,The material of the sweatshirt feels nice, but the lettering is a very thin iron-on plastic.  I've owned cheaper shirts with the same lettering quality and it comes right off after a few washes.  I'm returning mine.
1,Searching for a non toxic wetsuit lubricant I spotted Suit Juice & note that methanol is an ingredient. Bad news as it has toxic effects. This from Medscape, [...]	Methanol, also known as wood alcohol, is a commonly used organic solvent that, because of its toxicity, can cause metabolic acidosis, neurologic sequelae, and even death, when ingested. It is a constituent of many commercially available industrial solvents and of poorly adulterated alcoholic beverages. Methanol toxicity remains a common problem in many parts of the developing world, especially among members of lower socioeconomic classes. (See Etiology and Pathophysiology and Presentation.)
1,The pen came with one day delivery which was great. I so wanted to like this pen-it has everything I was looking for in a tactical pen, LED light (Nice and bright), good pen and glass breaking nib. However when I took the pen out of the box something about the clip was askew. It seems that China quality control missed that the clip was screwed in with two screws out of alignment. It is completely off center and looks funny as a pocket clip. I'm not sure what I can do other		UPDATE: In the comments the seller stated he was going to issue a refund...never happened!
1,Purchased this chair to serve as substitute for renting chairs at the beach. The Stansport Sandpiper Sand Chair is too small for the average size person. You can barely squeeze into the chair. Also it is so low to the ground that it is very uncomfortable and when ever you move even slightly the chair digs into the ground and sends up a shower of sand all over the person seated in the chair. As a beach chair for an adult it is useless.
1,wasn't clear
1,I bought these not too long ago, and the  first shot snapped two of the blades in half, then i missed the target and hit a parshly rotted log,and the head broke i also lost the tip on some, and the price that holds on the blades.  All in all, DO NOT BUY THESE!!!!!!
1,Belt is very difficult to fasten.  The buckle slips when trying to insert the loose end resulting in a loose fit.  I tried ruffing up the edge that should grab and hold the belt tight with sand paper, but it didn't help.
1,I do like the light - but I do not like to get a second hand item, sold as new, with missing/wrong components and w/o an assembly description.
1,Bought them... haven't actually found a use for  any of them but I'll keep them in case.
1,charm fell off after one wear
1,DOES NOT WORK! I am highly allergic to mosquitos and have to use medication if bitten.  Within 15 minutes of using one of these sticks (I was no more than 2 feet away from it with no wind) I had 5 bites!  This product is a big ZERO and if I could I'd give it less than one star. I would.	I have been using Amazon Lights mosquito sticks B00JJ48X4I which are wonderful but decided to save a dime..  Wrong choice at the expense of my health.	I strongly suggest you buy Amazon Lights B00JJ48X4I if you want a product that works!
1,Only received one tube instead of 10 as described. $35 for one tube is pretty pricy.
1,These handcuffs are not for the professional law enforcement worker. They will only use the Vipertek handcuff key, I tried several other keys and they all did not work. This might good your  for personal use but ABSOLUTELY NOT for Law Enforcement.
1,This product is good but did not fit my mil spec rail?? Had to ad a strip of 3m tape to fill the void for a snug fit. Not sure if I missed something in the description or it was factory defect. But I can say this. If you want Mako products get them here because dealing with the Mako group in New York was the worst most unprofessional experience I have ever dealt with!
1,Shipping was on time but product did not seem to be effective on my family camping trip.
1,Fits well and warm with Polartec but seams on trim coming loose already and I have owned less than 2 months. I've generally had good luck with Columbia but this is disappointing.
1,I like it except it comes loose and I have to re-tighten every so often.		Edit: I got too tired of it always loosening. Got a different one.
1,I read the reviews.  I compared many racks.  Our set is a CAP Olympic rubber coated plate set.  I decided the best way to go was to purchase the more expensive rack manufactured by CAP since our plates were CAP.  Dumb decision.  The rack itself is structurally sound and quite sturdy.  The placing of the tubes however is poor.  On the side with three tubes, the center and lower tubes need to be lowered about one inch.  There is plenty of space on the rack to weld these two tubes lower without sacrificing structural integrity.  Why they didn't measure their own plates for this design is beyond me.		The two tubes on one side hold 45's and 25's.  the center tube on the other side cannot hold any size weight. Remember that our set is the CAP rubber coated high end set.  The diameter of some of these plates are different than the basic iron plates.  Still, the stand could accomodate both types if someone had modified the welding jig slightly.
1,WGI doesn't have any kind of quality control over their products. I bought one unit and its worthless.		1. The motion sensor works only if you move an object up to one feet away from the sensor.	2. The  light-on when the night falls doesn't worked.		Based on other reviews this product it's either hit or miss.
1,Very cheap looking. I thought it was larger in size.
1,I did not like this rack. It was unstable and made marks on my trunk. It was OK for getting bikes around town, but highway speeds made my bikes sway back and forth to the point I thought they were going to fly off. It also wore through some of the paint on my trunk. On top of that, I couldn't get into my trunk with the rack on. I had a 2001 Mercury Cougar (hatchback), so you might have better luck with a sedan. If you spent good money on your bike, make sure you put a little extra into the rack you're carrying it with.
1,doesn't work on a women's Giant brand bike.  waste of money.
1,never ship the short sleeve (Big can keep away
1,The jersey looks fine, but what was delivered was NOT new.  It was probably washed by someone in hot water and the colors ran so that most of the whites are not crisp and the white stripes on the arms are pink. Plus the plastic bag had obviously been opened (probably discarded) then re-used.  Although it arrived with the "tags" attached, I find it very difficult to believe that the item would be in that condition if new.
1,Only lasted one season. Very disappointed with the quality.
1,I have had this pistol for several months now and it is junk. After the first few shots it lost power. After doing some research on the internet I found out how to take the air plunger apart to clean and re-lube it. It seems to need cleaning quite frequently. Now the trigger seems to be having problems and intermittantly will not engage when it is cocked resulting in a cocked and loaded pistol that won't fire. Put it down and a few days later it will fire. I just finished disassembling and oiling everything inside the handle. If that doesn't work the P17 is going in the trash and I will replace it with something else. It does seem to be accurate, if it works.
1,These are small and light weight, perfect to carry in a pack and use over a small oven to heat food. I purchased them to put in an emergency kit, primarily to be ready for a power outage.		I was very disappointed to find rust on the shiny metal were the handle attached to the smaller pot. I had never even used them and there was already rust. At least it is on the outside so you can still use it, but this was very disappointing when you are purchasing something brand new.bi kept it since it is only for emergencies and not every day use, but if you plan on using this s lot, find something better quality.
1,I did not like the eye relief. It gets very short at high power...that's  an excellent way to get a nasty cut just above your eye.		 On the positive side, the optics are very clear.		Item was returned.
1,The foam in this strap is hard and pretty hard.  As a result, the strap does not conform to the body in a carrying position.		There is a crinkling sound when the strap is flexed; the sound is not pleasant, giving one the feeling that one is in the presence of truly cheap materials and workmanship.		In comparison to straps on other golf bags, this strap is too short.		A fastener is not included for the bottom of the strap.  The strap can be attached at the bottom by winding the strapping around the bottom ring on the bag (if such a ring is still present and has not been tossed with the old strap), and weaving it back to the sliding buckle. IMO another fastener on the bottom strap, similar to the fastener on the top, is called for.
1,This is too flimsy and doesn't provide enough support.  Expensive pannier got caught in my spokes on my expensive wheelset, while riding in dangerous traffic.  I'd stay away from cheap racks if you're going to use panniers.  Panniers are too expensive, wheelsets are too expensive, and your life is too valuable to risk on cheap pannier racks.  I got the Axiom Journey rear rack for my road bike and the extra loop of metal is WAY WAY safer.
1,This product is a waste of time if you are looking for a complete set...this product is an add on to some tent I have no idea of. Please read the entire information on this product before buying...Blessings!
1,Not water proof or corrosion Resistant
1,Not for me.  I love Shimano but when I tried to put these on my Trek hybrid they just didn't sit right.  They were at a weird angle to the eye on the handlebar.  I went with the Shimano Acera SL-M3000 9 Speed Shifter Lever, Right, Black instead and they were perfect.
1,These gloves are great for extreme beginner boxers, but that's about it, and only for like a month or so. The impact cushion is cheap foam, the shape is strange and requires too much effort to make a proper fist, which could result in a serious strain and or broken metacarpal.		Do yourself a favor and invest in some better quality gloves, you will want to replace them pretty soon anyways. Unless you are super broke and you really need gloves asap, invest the $24 that these cost and buy quality gloves.
1,Not a 3 day bug out bag as posts.  Way to small.  Great quality bag though. I have 2 now that are useless to me
1,Misleading advertising:		Headline states this is Type III paracord - type III paracord is nylon, not polyester.		Made From 100% Heavy Duty Polyester Material - NOT TYPE III	550 Pound Tested - 7 Strand Core	5/32" Diameter, Removable Inner Strands by 2 Ply, 100 Feet Long	Quick Drying & Will Not Rot or Mildew, GSA Compliant - GSA HAS NOT STANDARDS FOR PARACORD	Better Than Military Specifications, Made In The USA -  HOW CAN IT BE BETTER THAN MIL SPEC WHEN IT IS NOT MADE TO MIL SPECIFICATIONS FOR TYPE III PARACORD?		This is terrible!
1,This is pretty cheap.  Definitely a get what you pay for product.		Only one flower.  No attachment hardware, not even zip ties.		Lucky if it will last the life of the bike.		That said, a big hit.
1,My son hated it. He said it didn't work at all. He said its more trouble that its worth and prefers to clean his goggles without the product.
1,These are good when they are brand new. But here in Florida if you leave them in your car, the part that fits around your eye melts and leaks. My last pair only lasted a few weeks.
1,2 Stars is my rating as a yoga mat. This thing is basically useless as a yoga mat because of how squishy it is.		However..... I rate it 5 stars for camping. I needed padding for my camping tent and these were perfect. Dedicated camping padding is really expensive. These are dirt cheap and do the trick. I bought two of these to place under a two person tent that was on rocky terrain and I never felt a rock the whole time I camped.		Great buy for camping. Useless for yoga
1,Nice shirt except the cuff on the right sleeve is much larger than the left cuff. About an inch larger! Must be a second.
1,It says that it is compatible with android devices and it is NOT!!! It works for NONE of my devices (my phone,husbands phone, and both of our tablets)
1,Doesn't keep (long) hair dry. Cool Design but pretty much useless for anything other than style.
1,Was way to small for a woman's large
1,I didn't want to listen to the reviews but it is indeed very very low quality product
1,Uncomfortable, very bad design. I'm using camelbak now and the difference is huge.
1,Sizing runs small.  I ordered a large, and still too small.
1,Too fat..... I love the 3.0 and replaced it.
1,These are cheap athletic socks that likely won't last very long.  Spend a little more to get a higher quality product.  I only wear them when I'm behind on laundry and its a great motivation to wash my other socks.
1,Doesnt adjust small enough and fits horrible, waste of 50 bucks going in trash
1,Low quality. Elbow and knee pads don't bend with movement.
1,Fair.  If there is a breeze you have to work with it.
1,These run really small. I followed the sizing chart after measuring my hand and bought the appropriate ones (got the XL). However these were really tight around the wrists and the palms. The material is also rather stiff. The glove would bunch up when I'm holding dumbbells or barbells and pinch the skin, causing discomfort and creating callouses.	I would not recommend nor would even if I had bought a size up just because of the much stuff material in the palm area.
1,I have left this cart outside for three weeks, and have washed the wheels with detergent and cleaning spray, but it still stinks up my whole car when I transport it. Maybe it will be ok in a few more weeks.		EDIT: The smell never went away, and after 8 months, the tires have completely dry-rotted through. They are irreparable and won't hold air.		The cart is fine except for these terrible tires. Now I have to see if I can replace the tires and innertubes.		If I could ask for a refund or a partial refund, I would. The cart should not be shipped with such bad tires, and this shows a lack of respect for the customer on the part of the manufacturer and seller.
1,I got this as a gift for my birthday, it was actually the only thing I asked for, after hearing so much about it. Too bad it's a complete disappointment. I was so excited for it after having watched tons of online videos about the Scrubba. I followed the directions to the T, and still have a watery mess every time I try using it. I don't know where it leaks from, but there is always a puddle underneath the bag and it's drenched after 5 minutes of scrubbing. It makes a mess.		It also does not clean nearly as good as a washing machine, as dirt and grime are still be visible on the clothing after washing. Maybe that's due to the bad seal? I don't know. I'll be sticking to the sink for washing on the go.		I'm so disappointed in the Scrubba.
1,This is not a low impact cardio video! Many of the exercises can easily cause injury.  I was not happy.
1,Gets too hot. Uncomfortably hot.
1,After years of thinking about it, finally decided on this adjustable kickstand.  Couldn't wait to receive the order.  That excitement has now turned to strong regret.		Have had two critical problems:	1) Attachment:  attaches by clamping onto two parallel bars.  Despite being fully tightened (any more will crush the bars), the unit shifts while riding.  The metal shaft then conflicts with the pedals.	2) Adjustment mechanism: the adjustable end piece fell off somewhere on my 4th ride.  Without that extension the kickstand is too short to keep the bike from falling over.		Am removing the unit from my bike and am contacting Amazon to return it.
1,Great to get some riding in during bad or cold weather
1,Was much smaller than expected.  Took it camping and the light turned on, but only lit up a very small space. Couldn't light up enough of a path to do night hiking.
1,Despite claims it did not work for the Sig scorpion 1911.
1,Returned
1,I ride a mountain bike two miles each day on paved roads.  I bought two of these, and each one lasted about one month.  This is TERRIBLE QUALITY.	"Comrade Wong, please find the worker who made this shoddy product, and allow him to donate his organs- he's making the Glorious Revolution look bad."	America used to make QUALITY PRODUCTS of all kinds.  Let's donate the organs of everyone in the White House: vote for CHANGE in 2012.
1,didnt work when I got it...hung up inside. It is  a softer tone than I thought.  Would have just stuck with the original. But as an "add on" it is a heck of a deal.
1,Sweatshirt quality Suberb!!	Size .... ridiculously over sized, 3 sizes at least larger , no kidding
1,No problem with case other than too big for my Tenpoint bow.  Returned.
1,crappy shape. thought I could light the fuel but cannot. thought it was a minimal shield it is not.
1,I bought both this and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Crosman-459MT-2-Pc-Intermount-3-8-Dovetail/dp/B000FEUUCY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Crosman 459MT 2-Pc Intermount, 3/8 Dovetail</a>&nbsp;to try them out.		The 459MT is the clear winner. See my user-submitted photos with both mounts on the same gun (Crosman 1322).		While the B272 is a little fancier looking, it is MUCH less stable and doesn't physically look like it fits better on the pistol.		Further, the 459MT tightens down very securely without nearly stripping the bolt. However, I found the B272 very loose with even moderate tightening. I tightened down even further, to almost the point of stripping, and it still wants to wobble and wiggle.		Returning for refund. The 459MT is a much better purchase. Oddly, they're both made by Crosman.
1,Waistband is too tight. Inseam is too short -- 9 inches at best, all product info (including consumer comments) suggested it was 10.  I prefer 11 but cannot find a suitable product -- Eastbay was the last one and they discontinued the longer shorts a couple years ago.
1,Item was defective and NOT AS ADVERTISED,	NOTE:  There are NO Adjustable Shell holders in either side pockets as the description states	Inside dividers too soft to be of any good, they aren't ridge as they should be	Magazine holders will barely fit a double stack mag such as in use by Glock and Sig	stitching will eventually rip out.  I do NOT RECOMMEND THIS BAG
1,Wanted to like it, specs are good, looks great... but the metal zipper cracked the very first time I used pulled it. Still works but now zipper hangs so I'm sending it back for a refund.
1,Cheaply made.  They use some kind of liner on the inside of the rings that I don't like.  I tossed these and bought Weaver rings.
1,Well it did help in the long run to sight in scope, but I wasn't happy that it got stuck in the chamber of my brand new $1200 AR, I had to knock it out with my cleaning rod, and the batteries died within minutes, had given me just enough time to do what I needed to do. So yes it worked but I was still a little disappointed.
1,Sizes way big - had to return it.. poor quality - didn't even try it on because it was so very big.
1,The shot glasses are sooo small. I bought this for Christmas and figured it may be fun. But there is really not much to the whole thing. It seems like it was pretty cheaply made. Save your money. It's not really worth it. The idea seems much more fun at first but not that fun to play.
1,These worked well with no noticable problems for the firsr year.  I have four of these bases on my boat.  Last spring when the bases were about a year old I noticed cracks on two of them in the locking system.  By mid season a large chunk fell out of one and my downrigger was loose and could have pulled off.  I have electric cannons and use 10 lb balls.  Never had a ball drag bottom to put extra pressure on the mount.  I put 200 hours on downriggers this season.  By the end of the season all 4 mounts were cracked.  I have removed them and only have the stationary mounts on the boat now.  The stationary mounts are a pain when docking, but very secure. The swivel mounts are a very poor quality product.  Think twice before purchasing this product.  I went to the store where I purchased the swivel bases and explained my problem.  They said they never had a problem with them.  They only have a 60 day warranty.  They were not overtightened, frozen, left in the sun or used to secure my boat to a dock.  Downriggers are to expensive to have one fall overboard.  Not to mention your faviorate rod and reel in the drink too.
1,It looks great! but ripped 3 pairs of pants!!!! the pins or plate always get the clothes anda damage it!!!! sooo dissapointed! and so expensive!!!!	Still waiting for an answer from dealer!
1,i am a woman and ordered it beacuse it sounded comfy and bought a mediym. The neck is awkwardly WAY too high- not a real scoop neck-line- it was like a choker necklace- almost humerous.		I did like the no-hem line at the bottom- as the old one i had had this and i was looking for that again, but this one wasn't that comfy- very starchy.		returned.
1,Got it today, returning it tomorrow. It's bright, there's no doubt. The problem is the focusing mechanism. It is so loose that if you point it upwards, it slides down. If you hold it downwards, it slides down. There's not a bit of friction to keep it in place when you want to focus or widen the pattern. I've found that this is a fairly common occurrence. Did I get a dud? It's possible, but I think I'll pass and buy one from a solid manufacturer.		Recommended? Nope.
1,the quality of these was excellent - i loved the grippy logo on the bottom of the stirrup/foot-hold, and different from other leggings like this, they were not see-through and you could tell they will last a long time. the high-waist fit was exactly what i wanted, also. however, the pattern of these was strange and made my legs look bigger than they actually are - very unflattering across the butt, also (who wants a bigger butt?! not me!). also, they were way too long for my legs (I'm 5'6").
1,did not fit on rifle. not as advertized. returned and got a refund cheap crap.
1,Stuff sack came torn 3/4th way down the seam. Sleeping bag itself works fine given the price, stuff bag is garbage.
1,We purchased this for a 4 month old learning to crawl. I guess it is a nice size and fleece but you can not wrap up and protect the side you lay on! Traditional mats fold the blanket inward, this one's folds the side you lay on outward. Also, the velcro to secure the mat to wrap back up is on the side you sit on too! We have to cover it with a cloth so the baby doesn't scratch his face. This is nice to tuck away for older kids.
1,What happened to Hanes quality?	I ended up throwing these away and getting some XERSION (I think) black crew socks from JC Penney. Those are far superior. These were too small, and already felt as if they were 10 years old.
1,The seller posts that this is good for travel and that it clicks together easily. It is not. My sole intent of purchase was to put it in my luggage. It comes in 5 pieces, the bar has to slide through and then the handles have to be slid over each end of the bar. The handles don't slide on easily nor are they easy to take off. This item is not good for travel. If you're looking for something good for travel don't buy this one.
1,Ordered this for my wife as a present and it arrived on Christmas Eve. She opened the box, tried it on and loved it. As she twirled around to model it for me, I noticed to big rips in the back of the jacket. Is there no one at Wantdo or Amazon on quality control? How could you send something like this out?		Needless to say, I'm saddened by all of this. UPS will be here on Dec. 26 so I can return it. Not sure if I'll order another one.
1,handles don't fit. how difficult is it to make this so it would fit a standard tube or provide the screw adapter? I had to drill out the rivet and make my own modification for it to work. Everybody's making their crap proprietary these days so you gotta use their stuff including this one which sucks!
1,Ordered black got flesh color ordered 12 got 6 very disappointed!!!!
1,when the bag is full it falls over, as the bag expands the side pockets get smaller.  not real h happy with it.
1,This scope has been unsavailable from BSA for 6 years now so I wonder where do these items comes from...  Mine did not even had adjustments to get it to bore zero.  It was tapped out for left adjustment and basically useless.  More wasted time on crappy items...
1,They don't hold the carbonations
1,Most common threads for arrow heads is 8-32 x 3/4.  I have no idea what inserts these broadheads will fit, but it is not standard.
1,Agree with the last review.  I didn't have enough patience to drill the hole.  Since there is no way to release the vacuum created inside once the lid is closed there is NO way to pour or drink water.  Ice or no ice.  To make matters worse I was so thirsty but the vacuum was too much I couldn't even unscrew the top until the next day! AWFUL!!
