0,Perfect for a mother of 4
0,Can't believe this amazing price. Very study hooks and cord. Many uses. An incredible selection of lengths.
0,This has performed much better then I expected. Battery life is great. Great bang for the buck. Highly recommend
0,Good bulbs I've ordered 12 so far very bright no issues
0,These are by far my favorite LED bulbs I've tried. I recently recommended them to a friend and told her "they're like having sunlight inside your house!" The light is VERY bright, but not the classic LED white. They're not warm yellow like incandescent bulbs either. They're very much like having the sun shining directly into the room. It's a pleasing, crisp light. They're a very simple design and look great in all the rooms I've put them in including a bathroom and a playroom. They aren't ideal for a room where the bulb extends below the fixture: they are kind of blindingly bright if you look directly at the bulb.		Other observations: they are not dimmable. They don't buzz or flicker like some LEDs. The outside is made of plastic and they seem extremely durable.		The only downside to these bulbs that I can see is the base gets warm when they're left on. This isn't any different from incandescent bulbs. Except saving you a ton of money on your electric bill.		They come packaged in an attractive box. I think they'd make an excellent housewarming present.
0,Great product and price. Delivery was timely. Thanks
0,AS ADVERTISED!!
0,Back from couple weeks of camping and realized my pricier name brand LED headlamp kept me from bumping into trees at night but was way too dim to make out things more than a few feet away.  Ordered this spotlight soon as I got home and what a difference.		Experience so far:  outdoors, or navigating the house during power outages, it's great.  No idea how long the batteries last, so far I'm still on the first set.  Which were, by the way, pre-installed by the folks at Bright Medic.  Maybe only saves me a couple minutes after taking the headlamp out of the box, but is a nice touch.
0,This works great on the rolled tape LED lights.  30 watts is plenty for one full 16'roll of lights.
0,This works very well and less expensive. Fast delivery.
0,As advertised, this thing really does clean the roller and make it like new. We are painting the exterior of our home, and have used this to clean the roller after each day of painting. We are still using the same roller cover and it still works like new. This is definitely a good buy if you are buying more expensive roller covers and need to clean them vice throwing them away.
0,Simplest upgrade possible and works great.  These are BRIGHT, but with a dimmer switch (not included), they can be tuned to exactly the right brightness.  I didn't have any of the finish/paint issues that some others reported.
0,Good filter.  I personally like the pleated filters as they wast longer but this one filters out more fines.
0,These clamps are extremely hard to remove especially if the end of the clamp strap is facing the side where it's impossible to reach or turn - like the intake fuel hose attached to the fuel pump.  I tried a wire cutter the size of regular pliers - only pinched the ear couldn't cut it.  Ended up using an oscillating saw and risked nicking the fuel line.  These pincers easily cut through the steel ear part of the clamps.  They're a lot stronger and sharper than regular wire cutters.
0,good for high ceiling works, good quality
0,Second time I bought them they are very good + keeps the tank clean.
0,Has worked great for the six months I've owned them. Great price.
0,Works good
0,fast shipping, and just what I needed
0,One pair (out of 8) had some minor paint flaking at first, but these pliers are 4 dollars a pair and they work great for farm use, used them for a long time.
0,Good vslue
0,Great gloves, but unless you wear gloves all the time, whatever size you think you are, you need the next size up
0,excelente producto
0,We purchased this for "just in case".  Haven't had to use it yet but take comfort in knowing that we can fill the bathtub up with good drinking water if needed
0,Good so far does the job
0,This lamp is easy to assemble and looks great on my desk. Take note of the size; this lamp is small. Also, the lamp uses small-socket bulbs.
0,This is a great product and easy to install. I paired it with the Draft out Stair Cover for my garage. I have noticed a dramatic improvement with heat loss in a double garage.	For the time and money, it is a great buy and value.
0,Very strong bit for driving large phillip screws.  I  bought too many of them as I don't see this one ever wearing out.
0,Installing this faucet will improve the look of your entire bathroom.  It has clean lines and it does not get water spots on the finish.  I really like the matte finish.  The art deco look blends in well with somewhat different styles.		Perhaps the most unpleasant part of the job was removing the old faucet.  It was not fun, but there was a lot of anticipation in how it would look when I was done.		The faucet was straightforward and easy to install.  The instructions are very clear, with many pictures to help guide you on your way.		You'll have to provide any wrenches needed.  Which is fine, because if you are like me, you will be removing the old faucet and it may need different tools anyway.		The plastic supply lines were easy to attach.		The matte finish does a very good job of avoiding water spots.  The faucet is a pleasure to use, the action on the handle is very satisfying.  Just like other Delta products I've encountered.		If you have never undertaken a project like replacing a faucet, this one is a good one to try first.
0,Great little fixture.  Don't let its size fool you.  It is a small fixture that installs surface.  It comes really close to the look of a	recessed can fixture.  We put it in a small 1/2 bath, too much light!  Fortunately, it is dimmable.
0,good
0,good quality. works very well with my dewalt
0,I bought this knife after reading reviews from hikers who like the price point and its sharpness. I was a little worried about the plastic holder, but honestly it holds the knife just fine. I keep it in my backpack, not on my belt, so it really didn't bother me. Great size and easy to hold handle. Really can't beat the price!
0,They work great for organizing my tool box and have all in hand when trying to find the right size.
0,Haven't had an opportunity to try it out yet (thank God) and hope I never have to but it looks like it will do the job.
0,Great price bought four to redo the bathroom. Well made and looks great
0,This one has been working great so far. We are located in Minnesota and some are placed outside (This means brutal winters (can get to -40*F) and rain/snow) though I'm sure if you want the longest use of these, indoors are probably the best bet. So far, it has been holding up outdoors with no issues with functionality or the actual hardware durability.  We purchased 3 of these so far, and pleased with each one.		These are durable and easy to install, making it a 5 star review. I will update if anything changes over time.
0,This adapter makes a nice firm connection, works great, doesn't get too hot when drawing a lot of power. Perfect size to easily travel with. Great for an RV.
0,Just the ticket to keep the hot jonnie balls off my bald head.
0,This thing works.  Really Well.  I put it down the drain, and it looked like a Muppet came out.  Every barb had a blob of hair on it.  I think my housemates might have murdered someone in our tub, or shaved Troy Palamalu's head.  It was amazing how much crap this got out of our drain, and how quickly and easily it elimiated the clog.  I will be getting one of these to keep next to every sink I own.		There is no way that one of those little velcro things could have worked as well.  I've used those before, and they eventually worked too.  But there just isn't enough space on the velcro to catch the volume of crap that this thing pulled up in one swipe.		Can't beat it.
0,I had to file off a burr from the chamber to a M6 Scout to make the cartridges load freely. These worked perfect and were super cheap, so I'm happy about that.
0,I bought these panels from Amazon in May 2011, and I was very happy with their service.  One package was damaged in transit which in turn, caused damage to a panel but returning the package and receiving a replacement set was not bothersome.  Amazon's step-by-step computer instructions on returns was very simple to comprehend.		The panels are not light and installing the first panel is really a two person job to get them lined up straight.  Ideally, three persons--two to hold either end for balance and a third person to drive in the initial screws.  After the initial base panel is installed (ideally the very bottom panel that you intend to install), you can lift subsequent panels into the grove on the base set and letting gravity do the work, gently hold the panel against the wall to screw it in.  Handling a single panel by oneself requires moderate strength.		Note: if you are covering a wall, I suggest screwing the base panel in "snugly" at both ends and in the middle and then start stacking the second set.  If you screw the entire base panel in tightly, it might cause you problems correctly seating the second panel on top of the grove of the base panel.  After the panels are stacked, you can go back and finish tightly screwing them into the studs.		A challenge I found is that when you hit a light switch or electrical outlet, you must be very careful to correctly measure the hole you have to cut.  Cutting the panel is fairly easy (I used a jigsaw and cordless circular saw depending on the location of the cut).  If you are precise with your cuts, you can skip the finishing trim that Gladiator offers as an accessory.  Believe me, the trim it is an absolute royal pain to correctly cut to get it to look good around a light switch/electrical outlet.  If your cuts are precise, the panel will look good around the switch/outlet without the trim.  However, I still recommend buying the trim to attach to the end of the panel stack, which adds a nice finishing touch).		Finally, DO NOT use the screws that gladiator offers.  They strip too easy and are not durable.
0,Good finish and sizing nice for weird to get to fasteners.  Wish they had a little thinner box end and did not have China stamped on them, the stubbies of same brand do not.
0,Really nice, comfortable gloves.  Seem pretty durable, but I do not wear them every day so hard to say for sure.
0,This year I gave Night Lights to many family members for Christmas again I found one perfect for the lover of birds
0,Wrong item sent. I received a key fob one instead but it did work and set up was pretty easy. Will just keep what was sent as it did do the job.
0,Seems to work fine.  Have not used it extensively yet, so review is limited to first use.
0,nice value for the money. hope it will last...
0,This is a great little light. It is amazingly bright for its size and doesn't add virtually any weight to my keys. I was concerned that I would turn this on in my pocket and that hasn't happened once. My wife loves hers. She uses it walking to/from the parking lot at work.
0,Great little flashlight. Thin, bright, doesn't accidentally come on in your pocket. I love it.
0,nice
0,This things fit great. The seal is super soft and seals great. Strap is comfortable as well.
0,Good plug for about half the price of what you'd pay at Menards of the like. I used it to make a 12 ga. 220V extension cord for my larger shop tools. Seems pretty break-resistant and durable, plugs in and out nicely.
0,The light in the one I had used for 10+ years failed and I could not repair. -- I ordered this new one and have it mounted on my desk (mount is tricky but works okay when 'tightened with care)  - I use the magnifier frequently.  Very handy for those of us with senior eyes.- ckg
0,work great
0,Great quality adapters for your impact drivers
0,Best quality available for the money. I have a set I have been using for 10+ years and these bits just keep on going. Very pleased with how long they have stayed sharp. Recommend. RVKitman.com approved.
0,Haven't had any issues with these so far. I no longer need to squint and get headaches when working outside, and that's what I bought them for. I've seen people talking about the nosepads coming undone and the difficulty of using these while wearing additional safety equipment on your head, but I haven't ran into any of those problems yet. I'll be sure to come on here and update if any of that does happen!
0,Perfect
0,I love this set!  I can finally see the socket sizes and love having everything secure in the case!  I may order a second just to keep in my trunk and one in the garage.
0,It does what it is suppose to do.
0,Nice tool for the money keep in my truck for my jobs I already had batteries and charger and bag from a saw I bought worked out well for me a good back up for my snap on unit
0,ok
0,I do volunteer fire and just got to break this in doing some car cutting. Works incredibly well at shattering windows and tearing through seatbelts. Just a casual swipe across a seatbelt with this thing and you're through. It's incredibly thin and light and is my favorite tool alongside my orange box store two dollar reversible screwdriver.
0,Works good at night to knock down glare
0,They will do the job just fine, and at a good price.
0,Installation is very easy. Matches the keypad deadbolt perfectly. Cannot comment on durability of finish yet. Could see where slight misalignment could cause the problems some reviews noted.
0,Color is a little bluer than I'd like.
0,Nice that it is multi use
0,Great deal
0,This product is just what I was looking for.  Covers the filter slot so no air or dust from my basement gets into the ductwork.	Wish I knew about this product 20 years ago!
0,I recently bought the Bosch 25618 impact driver, and I could not be happier with this product.  It is extremely well made and it produces a tremendous amount of torque.		Everything about this impact driver is very well engineered.  In particular, the trigger is very smooth in operation, and extremely well designed.  With such a good trigger, I can easily run the impact driver at very low RPMs, which prevents you from accidentally over torquing a screw or bolt.  Unlike another Amazon reviewer, I did NOT experience any problems with a bit shaft that "wabbels a lot". Again, this Bosch impact driver was perfect right out of the box.  Talking about boxes, even the Bosch plastic casing case with very well engineered.  Great job, Bosch!		One last thing... the Bosch 25618 impact driver was designed in Germany and assembled in Malaysia.  You should be warned that there are several major tool companies that manufacture & assemble their products in the Peoples Republic of China, and that is something you may want to think about.		Bottom line:  Look no further if you want a very high quality impact driver -- buy the Bosch 25618 impact driver.  This is The Boss.
0,Good, efficient size fire extinguisher.  I bought these for our cars.  You should have a fire extinguisher in your car.  It could save someone's life.
0,Powerful little sucker
0,Great update to a timeless classic flashlight.  The LED bulb is 100 times brighter than the old version.  A great upgrade!
0,For the hubby, an avid gamer. He is SO stoked about it.	Arrived very quickly- came in great solid packaging.	Cant wait to see his face on Christmas.
0,Perfect. As promised.
0,I bought this KAEZI 85 Watt 5500k CFL bulb for photography purposes, using it with an umbrella stand, and it works very well, throwing plenty of light.  When not photographing subjects, I use it to illuminate a room in my house, and boy does it illuminate.  I've had about 3 years of perfect service from this bulb, until tonight.  As I was standing just inches from it, I noticed a flicker, looked up and was horrified to see huge clouds of thick white smoke billowing from the lamp base.  I switched it off, and after a few minutes the smoke stopped, but the room was now thick with smoke.  Luckily I was right there when it failed, or it might have started a fire.  I'm contacting the company at the email address on the box to advise them of this situation.
0,These work SO well & have a satisfying "click" when you press the button to turn the outlet on or off.  I bought the 5 outlets + 2 Remotes version because I would use them in different rooms & figured I'd want 2 remotes.  So far they are great for the lights I have them hooked up to.  Very reliable, very consistent operation.
0,husband likes it ..uses it on his projects around the house ...would reccomend people to ck out the site and find what they r looking for
0,This is a great lamp. I bought a second one. I gave it to wife for Christmas.	she used it to get the goats up at night and never had a place to hang it.	when she went out the first night she got to close to a stock panel and the light stuck to it. she wondered why and noted it was magnetic.	perfect for hands free goat chasing.
0,This is much lower cost than the Intermatic timers, works just as well, and was simple to install and program. I am using this to control my water heater.
0,I got this bit to drill one hole through a 6x6 wood beam plus some siding,I was able to get through the siding with a 3" hole blade,but they only cut about 3/4" deep so I was able to drill the rest of the way with the forstner bit..It cuts very fast,I had a bag of shavings by the time i had the hole cut.
0,Easiest voltage detector in the world. All you do is turn it on and pointed at the circuit. If it is live you'll get a beep a green light. The flash light is not very bright but it is a nice addition. Highly recommend this for the do it yourselfer. It works.
0,High quality tube. Skip the cheap polypropylene for drinking water and go all out. Made by John Guest and works with quick connect. I'd suggest cutting with electric compound miter saw and use a wood block to give support right near the cut.
0,It does what it says, finds the center of round or square item.  Just make sure you use a fine tipped pencil otherwise your center might be off a hair.
0,Overall nice, but never last anywhere near the rated hours.
0,As described
0,as advertised, works well.
0,Great little knife!
0,I actually liked this filter on our faucet. I've not done any real testing to see if it actually removes particles, odor, etc. or it's efficiency in doing so but it seems to work. The original filter that came with the faucet mounted unit worked well. Upon time to replace the filter cartridge, I've tried 2 and they both leak around the edge of the filter. Teflon tape (which should not be necessary) only made the leaking worse. I'm beyond Amazon's return policy and calling Culligan has not yielded a satisfactory response yet either.		1 year+ later:	After removing the entire unit from the faucet and using it on another sink, I've not had the leaking issue again. I've replaced the filter and found no leaking with the replacement unit. The filter does help the taste and smell of water. It also seems to help remove some particles. The water stream coming out of the faucet is reduced quite a bit when run through the filter. Over time, the amount of water lessens even more, making the need to find a replacement obvious.		2+ years out:	After several replacement filters, no further issues. Filters work well to improve smell & taste. Restricted water flow just makes for a significantly longer wait to fill a glass or coffee maker.
0,This product is on the expensive side for shower handles, but definitely worth the money.  Well made.  Looks great.  You are spending above average price for this Kohler product, but you will be happy that you paid the extra money.
0,Nice strong easy to install
0,I bought a house with more wall than window. The plan from the beginning was to keep the library off the floor and out of the hall. Even holding down all the electronics to keep the library low-tech and the craft rooms have their own shelving and the media room has shelving for DVD's, a few old VHS, and related books that contain DVD's and CD's.		What were not planned for are the electrical outlets needed for lamps and periodic cleaning. For electronics as T.V's and DVD players we cut holes in the back of our Cargo boxes and shelves to allow electrical access. This Coleman Cable 03518 Flat Plug 12-Foot Extension Cord with 3-Outlet Strip is ideal for plugging in the covered out lets where we just do not want to cut a hole through the shelf. This lets us place reading lamps in strategic arias and plug in occasional cleaning devices.
0,Purchased for daughters dorm room in college.
0,Husband loves it!
0,Got this at a great price and it does a good job.
0,Grab bar was as advertised. Directions and hardware were included. I mounted the bar at an angle as my studs were 14 inches apart. No issue with the angled mount and the mounting flange allowed me to hit the stud with all three screws. The brushed nickel finish is attractive and the flange covers fit snug to the tile wall.
0,I used these recently on a project. While the punches worked great, I noticed that some punch kits include a roll pin starter punch. This would be very helpful if included. The pouch that's included to keep these in, is quite cheap, I store mine in my large tool box on a pullout for easier access. The grip texture is quite aggressive, which is good, but can also cause scratches if have to position them near your work. I put some painters tape on mine to prevent that.
0,Nice Sturdy Ladder . I can reach almost everything around the Home with it .
0,I was happy with this, and was able to use it with the Dremel cutting wheels in my small power hand-drill.	I don't have a Dremel tool, and still got good use of the cutting wheels for a quick job I needed to do to a plastic part on my computer board.
0,Very nice paper holder.
0,This is great. Lightweight, adjustable to any likely register size. Turns out only one of my registers is the kind of metal the magnets will stick to. The others I had to attach with the existing screws that already hold the register on. That makes it more trouble to take it off again if someone doesn't want it.
0,Made removal easy. Couldn't complete repair without it
0,The hose and end pieces are made of steel/metal, so no cheap plastic parts here. Very flexible and seems like good quality.
0,Perfect knife to throw in your bug out bag for an extra!
0,Absolutely perfect to mount a shovel to my roof rack. Shovel is very secure over rough terrain and on the freeway. I added a gun cable lock to prevent theft and have been very happy.
0,Good for custom plumbing of dust collection.
0,Bright light thats for sure - the only problem is the delay lighting up, turned on  the light looked directly at it wondering what was wrong and flash it came on - was seeing spots for 20 minutes - it was cheap so cant complain too much other than that it works -
0,The title says it all. This wood filler deserves 5 stars because of its quality and performance over time. You would never tell after applying, sanding and staining that it was filler at all. I would recommend this both for replacing large chunks missing as well filling small cracks and crevices. It's an all-purpose, all area filler and I couldn't be more satisfied.
0,Great solution for an odd sized or oversized gate. Assembled easily with decent directions. Seems like a good product so far. Measure twice, cut once.
0,What can I say other than it is what it is and at a price comporable to the hardware store.
0,Got this a couple of days ago. Works great as a multimeter BUT the big plus is the auto amp feature. You will need to separate the wires in the appliance/lamp/device you're measuring. (Some meters come with a plug that has a male and female plug and a short length with two wires. This one does not.) I took a short extension cord and split the two wires - be careful to not expose internal wires. Now I can see how much juice my stuff is sucking up.
0,The blade on this has clear markings.  The edges are so flat that the blade is nearly sharp.  There's a small ding on one end of the blade (looks like it was bumped into a grinder).  It's square (which is why I had to replace my old combination square!).		My only real complaint about this in use is that if you remove the blade entirely, it's pretty fiddly to get the slot on the blade and the clamping screw aligned properly again to reassemble it.  If you are someone who removes the blade a lot or flips it around to switch between metric/imperial units you will probably not like this square.
0,Easy to apply and it looks great..
0,We had our only alarm go off two weeks ago. It told us we had 63 ppm CO. I called the fire department and they came as did our utility company.		Turns out it was ice blocking the ventilation on our roof after this ridiculous winter. We opened windows and doors to clear the CO out.		I spoke at length with the utility guys and the fire fighter and they all said to put CO detectors in all bedrooms and in all hallways. After this little scare we now have 3 detectors placed where the firefighters recommended.		Spend the money! Get CO detectors installed, it might save your loved one lives.		I like the plug in units with battery back up. We have this unit in our bedroom and a Kidde unit in our sons bedroom and in the hallway. I like this unit in our bedroom because of the very low light level given off, I like a pitch black bedroom with no lights.		I recommend this unit.
0,It self-adjusts to various pipe sizes. Look through a window (conveniently built into the tool head) to see exaclty where your pencil mark is on the pipe. An LED illuminates the mark to increase accuracy of your cut. Pull the trigger, and in a few seconds one pipe is two.		It is really shines when you have to cut pipe that is in place, like between studs in a finished wall. The only option used to be a Sawzall, which leaves a ragged edge that had to be dressed with a file. No more. This baby will chop it in no time, and it leaves a clean cut! I was remodeling some pipe in an attic recently and it worked like a dream.		I still keep my trusty Ridgid (manual) pipe cutter handy, but lately it never comes out of my tool pouch.		It seems pretty well built, and will stand up to lots of use. I HIGHLY recommend this tool! ;-)
0,Great quality..but you need the key to "LOCK" this padlock....
0,Use this for cleaning glass beads that I make!  it's the best!  ergonomically GOOD for my old hands!  love this!
0,Excellent tool set for precision work and they are made in Germany not China so they are real quality tools and will last a life time.
0,Work great
0,I keep forgetting to unclick the dispenser button which annoys my significant other when water splashes the counter, but other than that this filter give months of great tasting water compared to our old single stage filter.
0,great little unit and is great for camping if it gets bumped it goes off which is a great safety feature.
0,Good pump for the money. When I was done using it I heard what sounded like water sloshing around inside. Thought it leaked internally. This was NOT the case. Unfortunately, due to my ignorance, I did not know that this was an OIL FILLED pump. I don't recall seeing anything about that in the documentation. The small countersunk screw at the top of the pump is the oil fill plug. I opened this and began pouring it out thinking it was water. Fortunately I quickly realized this was NOT the case. CRAP! Oh well, hopefully it will still work the next time I use it. The oil inside is apparently "turbine oil" so I'm not sure where I can get more. At this price, it's not worth worrying about. If it burns out next time, I'll just get a new one. I would buy this pump again as it's very good quality.
0,I love the looks of these letters! I find it kind of weird how all the numbers are a different price. The numbers were also a lot harder to put up than I had anticipated. But I like the look of the finished product so I will give 4 stars.
0,Relly nice, I like the little handle.
0,Perfect
0,Nice product to have for emergencies.
0,Cuts like the proverbial hot knife through butter. Be sure that you choose the correct blade for the job. These are rated for metal and they do cut through most metal. I found out the hard way that even the best wood blades will be ruined if you hit a nail.
0,dremel tools are necessary at this house.  Use this one to cut drain holes in clay pots.
0,Beatiful! Haven't installed, but love how they look.
0,Ok
0,Easy to install
0,So far so good, no false calls, easy to install, 2 months in.
0,I could not be happier with a bulb!  Since LED bulbs have finally come down in price, are now dimmable, and also available in Daylight, rather than warm white, I am ecstatic!  Just what I need.  Torchstar knows how picky I am when it comes to my LED bulbs, and they know that I will give an unbiased review, as I have many times, on different products, here at Amazon.  Torchstar contacted me and asked me to try them out, and post my unbiased findings here.		This 7Watt, Daylight, dimmable bulb is the ultimate!  I love it.  Torchstar redesigned the spotlight bulbs after I purchased the ones I currently use in all my track-lights.  The body of the bulb is a high-tech plastic instead of the aluminum body, I found these new style bulbs very desirable.		After using the halogen bulbs, which get really hot, for many years, these LED are a blessing.  If you have not yet converted to daylight bulbs, you really should give them a try.  I know, I know, I hear it all the time.  People complaint they the light is too blue.  Everyone that has ever used older, conventional type of light bulbs, always say that.  I thought so too for all of about 10 minutes.  After that, I would almost swear that indoor lighting had always looked this way.  It is a healthier light, and like I said, once you get over the initial dislike for the all of ten minutes or so, you will never go back.		These bulbs, in daylight, put out a crisp, clear view, with no eyestrain, and if your track light is set up to illuminate a particular item or items, the light makes your vision better than before.  One of the first things James said to me after I purchased Daylight, Dimmable, LEDs, was that you can see so much better, that you can even see the cobwebs that were present, but could not be seen with our other, our halogen bulbs in the track-lights.		The 6 Watt comes with an adjustable beam angle, that if you are using track lighting, and want to direct the light to a specific item, but your fixture will not allow you to direct the beam to the specific item that you had planned to illuminate, the beam angle adjustment of the spotlight bulb itself will allow you that privilege.  It is an exceptionally nice feature, although I have no need for an adjustable bulb with my fixtures, for the specific items that I am illuminating.		The 6 Watt comes with an adjustable beam angle, that if you are using track lighting, and want to direct the light to a specific item, and track light will not allow you to direct the beam to the item you want to illuminate, the beam angle adjustment of the spotlight bulb itself will allow you that privilege.  It is an exceptionally nice feature, although I have no need for an adjustable bulb with my fixtures, for what I am illuminating. The 6 Watt comes with an adjustable beam angle, that if you are using track lighting, and want to direct the light to a specific item, and track light will not allow you to direct the beam to the item you want to illuminate, the beam angle adjustment of the spotlight bulb itself will allow you that privilege.  It is an exceptionally nice feature, although I have no need for an adjustable bulb with my fixtures, for what I am illuminating.		I took some pictures so that I could show you just how wonderful these bulbs are, but I have yet to find a way to upload the pictures.  I found where I can upload video, but my video camera is rather picky, and harder for me to upload on my end, than the stills are.  As soon a I can, I will upload them, either here, or elsewhere, and give a link for those interested.		Torchstar did an excellent job on these redesigned, dimmable LED Bulbs.  They are absolutely perfect for us, and the application for which we use them, I could not be happier!
0,I bought this for and 10 years ago when I remodeled my house. The heating part of the fan recently quit working. In looking for a replacement I noticed on Amazon that the exact same fan model number and everything was still for sale. I ordered one and was able to simply remove the heater from the new one put it in the old one and I'm back in business. Both fans heat and vents are a bit on the noisy side and the light works great if you put a fluorescent light into it. Note that this product like most products these days is made in China.
0,This is my second one.  They were separated by about 4-5 years.  I still have the first.  It feels more solidly built than this one.  Both sport bright beams.  I like the simple off/on button.  No hi/low/strobe crap to drive me crazy.  Also, the beam is not adjustable.  Just one, good sharp, long-throwing beam of light.  I really like this light.		The newest one has a rattle when you shake it.  Hasn't impacted performance yet, but if I'm heading out with only one light, it is the old one.  I don't trust things that rattle.  The old one is a solid 6 star, if I could give it that.  Wish I could retrofit this beam to a Maglite.  When the neighbors had a fright, I grabbed one of these for the light, and a maglite in case I needed to whack something.
0,This item made fast, easy work of carbonized gasket surfaces on an old engine block. It also made fast, easy work of dirt, carbon, and oil deposits that had accumulated on exhaust parts.
0,Bought as a gift but have had one and lasted forever
0,When my Craftsman circular saw experienced catastrophic failure in the middle of a project, I was pressed for a replacement.	Laser-sight was a must, as I have a hard time cutting a straight line.  Beyond that, I wasn't very picky & didn't want to spend too much, as this would only see occasional use around the house.	This tool does the job, the laser guide makes things easier and the saw is sturdy enough.		My only complaint is that there is no spindle lock, as my bare-bones Craftsman had.  As a result, changing blades is rather clumsy operation, requiring you to jam the blade with a scrap of wood in order to tighten the spindle nut. Fortunately, I don't go through blades that often, so I don't have to do this that often.  That would be my only warning - if you plan to use the saw heavily, and think you might miss a spindle lock, look elsewhere.
0,Strong magnet...remember to take off the protective covers...
0,Got to them in the mail today and couldn't wait to use them they work great for punching out coins for rings punches are very well made
0,Didn't know how I would feel about this Gazing Ball but I really like it and so do my friends.  The colors change but they don't shout at you as do some  solar lights with changing colors.  I would order another of these.
0,We have a known water thief on our block seen stealing buckets of water from our neighborhood and a faucet lock was necessary. This is great, does the trick, and is a cheap solution to water thieves. Very satisfied. Keep on walking theives because you're not stealing water from us!!
0,Yeah !! hahaha~~~ you wouldn't believe how handy this stuff is when you need to do the headache potty train!
0,It's Klein.  The quality and reliability are on course for what you would expect from Klein.
0,These gloves have leather palms to keep your fingers safe from sharp or rough surfaces (such as picking up broken glass, or handling lumber.) The long gauntlet will keep your wrists safe, as well.  I am a tall woman, with long fingers, and the size large fits my hands fairly well. However, the fingers are very wide, which makes them a little loose for me, but probably fine, for chunky "man-hands."  The fabric is bright yellow, which can get kind of dirty, but on the other hand, can be seen easily in my toolbox.
0,awesome. would buy from again
0,I've had faucets with detachable sprayers for a long time in my shower and kitchen sink, but never really thought about one in my bathroom sink until I saw this one.  It makes rinsing shaving stubble down the drain very easy, which is what I mainly use it for, but is also handy for just wetting your hair in the sink, and filling humidifier containers that are difficult to get under a fixed faucet.		Even without pulling out the hose, this faucet is about twice as tall as my old one, and sticks out twice as far from the back of the sink.  This makes it really stand out because of its size, but that's great for someone like me who hates cramming his hands against the back of the sink in order to wash them.		The valves have a nice smooth feel to them, and are fully opened with only around a 30 degree turn.  This is really nice for normal use, but it makes it harder to precisely adjust the temperature for my sinus rinse.  Keep that in mind if you mix baby formula in your sink or keep your water heater at close to scalding temperatures.		The quick connect drain really does make installation easier.  I will definitely look for that feature in any future purchases.
0,these blades are awesome great price and even better quality, they the fact that they are made in America keep up the great work Imperial!
0,Best universal clicker I have ever used.
0,Perfect chandelier for a girls bedroom. They are adorable. Look really good in the girls room. It's diffently 5 stars
0,Removed the clog efficiently
0,These were a good price and are well made.  The pair I received were old stock and faded on one side, but did not affect their function.  I'm 73 years old, very active, but have thin skin from too much sun.  These have protected my arms really well, helping me to avoid my usual skin scraps and rips to my fore arms.  I use them when working on my bike, lawn equipment, any construction projects, etc.  They wash well and have been  used several days a week over the last 3 months.  They are a little warm but I just spray my arms with the water hose!  Glad I bought 2 pair as the first is getting soiled and frazzelled.
0,Works very well!  no need for the adaptor.  Now if they figure a way not to need the wire :)
0,These are great pads that I can use with my Cat Work Pants which have easy open knee pad pockets. I remove the pads when I wash the pants and prolong the life of the pad.
0,I am in the Army so I move houses about every 2-3 years, I also have small children that won't close doors.  This is a cost effective solution (I am not investing money into a house that I will leave in a few years) that closes the door every time.  The springs aren't strong enough to pinch (even on the cheap, hollow-core doors in my house) and don't slam doors, they just close them.		The only downside, is you have a spring attached to the outside of your top spring, but I don't really care.
0,Every time one of these lights finally gives out I replace it with another one.  This light burns all night long, is easier to use than string lights and lasts longer than any other solar light I've tried.  I love the beautiful blue color, nice and soft.
0,Cheaper than name brand, angles seem accurate.  If you need this type of tool daily, buy the name brand.  But for occasional use it will hold up just fine.
0,Worked great had no issues and paid half of what local dealer wanted. I always try to support local buisness but theses price differences are crazy. I told the guy my issue and he said yea I got that... 69.98...
0,This thing is wonderful.  It works exactly as advertised and we love it.  We can turn the lights on/off from way across the room.  Perfect.
0,had them for 6 months so far, they're great, dims well great temp color.
0,I like the HOMAK but was disappointed it did not come with dividers for the drawers and they don't even make dividers for it yet there are grooves in the drawers to put dividers. Makes no sense.
0,Great so far, just the right weight!
0,Love it!	I see reviews on Amazon that knock this product for two main things: It doesn't have a brake; and it uses a different form factor from the typical palm-held orbital sander.		No brake: I have not found this to be a problem for me at all.  Maybe I'm more patient than other users?  More importantly, the torque on this is low enough to allow you to stop the tool yourself (eg. with a gloved hand) if you really need it to stop in a hurry.		Form factor:  Many other sanders are gripped and operated with the open palm and fingers of a single hand.  This sander forces/induces you to use both hands - which, for many reasons is not a bad thing IMO.  Having said that, it is still quite manageable single-handed - once you've got it switched on and running.	The other difference with this sander is that the on/off switch is separated from the speed control.  This is a positive for me.  It allows you to stop and re-start the tool at the same RPM speed you were operating at before switching off.  In other tools you're forced to dial down to switch off and then dial back up to your preferred speed.		Overall, this is a pretty solid tool.  The build quality is impressive.  The shell feels substantial and the entire tool is solid.  The motor is powerful and allows you to move quickly through your sanding/polishing/buffing tasks.  Yes, the tool is heavier than smaller units, but it remains light enough for extended use.  I find that I can pick up the tool between 2 fingers (thumb and middle), if needed as I move the tool around over my material.  The handle is indispensable for vertical or other non-horizontal surfaces.		5 stars!! Very pleased with this tool
0,I didn't buy this for the intended purpose of room-to-room ventilation.  Instead, I am making my son a custom window exhaust fan for his small bathroom which has no exhaust, but does have a tiny window.  So tiny, in fact, that no decent quality box fan will fit.		So, I am constructing a wooden box as deep as a wall (4.5 inches) which will fill the open space in the window.  This 512 Broan fan is perfect since it is supplied with 2 grills - one for inlet and outlet.  I am also installing a speed control wall switch (solid state type required).  I've bench-tested the fan/motor and it runs beautifully with little noise, though air flow is on the low side (enough for a small room, though).		I am pretty handy, but I can see that installing this through an existing framed wall might be a bit difficult when it comes to attaching the fan's housing to a stud.  But, for my project, I'll have easy access and fastening it will be a breeze.  The fan can be securely attached via the holes in its inlet flange, but that would require a wood or metal surface to be strong & lasting - not wallboard.  So, if you are attaching the inlet side to a wood-paneled wall the installation is simply connecting the 3 wires and then screwing 4 screws into the paneling through the inlet flange and, voila!		I do recommend this fan for room-to-room use.  The low sound level, combined with decent air flow, should do the job just fine without causing an ambient noise problem.
0,It was an easy fit, although the unit came with no instructions.	The Delta site has a good video showing how to install it.	Bottom line, it fit, it works, problem solved.
0,Awesome tools, everyone should buy this.
0,Great for easier access out of the travel trailer.  Lightweight but sturdy.
0,Very accurate, much better tool then my other two stud finders.  Time will tell if it works in all situations, but so far no flaws.
0,Fast shipping from the seller. I liked the product, the only issue I see are the holes in the rail. I think it would be best to leave the rail blank so that you can place the fasteners at your discretion.
0,Work great! Even though install this air hose onto the wall by myself is a pain, I did it, and it looks so good in my workshop.
0,works well
0,I bought this based on the reviews, I got my product and assembled it.  I had a couple extra compressor connections, you will need one to hook up your compressor.  I tried to fit the top on without the ceiling piece and it didn't fit, the plastic mold was off just enough so it wouldn't fit onto the gun.  I grabbed out my razor and cleaned up the extra plastic that was stopping it from a good connection, in a few minutes I had it attached the way it was designed by cleaning up the plastic mold that created the extra thick neck.  Since than It has worked like a charm.  Keep it clean and it should work for years.  Pretty easy to clean as well and I keep oiled at the trigger.  Four stars because I had to fix the extra thick neck other wise no complaints.
0,very very good
0,This replaced a fan motor that was over fifty years old. I had to modify the mounting a bit but no big deal. If you need a motor, just be sure to check the direction of rotation! This motor is clockwise....with the shaft pointing at your chest. Works great.
0,I deliberately got the lowest light level I could find, and was surprised by how bright these are.  I wanted a motion-sensor light for the bathroom at night, that would give just enough light, without being uncomfortably too bright.  It needs to be able to detect your motion, or it will go off before you leave the room, if you stay longer than its timer allows without detecting motion.  Experiment with a good place before fixing it permanently.  I discovered it won't detect motion from behind a curtain valance.  Didn't try it behind sheer curtains, though.		I put the other two lights into two big, deep, corner under-the-counter kitchen cabinets.  I can find things in there now, every time I open the cabinet door!  It makes me happy every time!
0,If I were a contractor, I would have probably gone with Milwaukee, but I'm just a garage nut.  This drill has been everything I expected and more.  Great power, light weight, and a nice feel.  I'm happy with it.
0,These are made by MiT and are a pretty high quality. At least as nice as Craftsman. Lovely finish, nice crisp stamping, well machined inside working surfaces, correct size and location of detent relief's. I wish I would have bought the whole set. I wish Tekton would state this is made by MiT because Tekton quality is all over the place. Bought some short sockets thinking they would be as nice as this one- wrong. Even though they were all marked Tekton the short sockets were not made by MiT and are just trash. This is a pretty good socket.
0,Wonderful tool. So well-made: sometimes I fidget with it just for the satisfying clicking action of the pliers closing. BUT, it is hit-or-miss at international airports.		I have had mine confiscated by security in Costa Rica (SJO) in 2015 and Hong Kong in 2017. It got through Moscow in 2015 after a lot of explaining.		Meanwhile, it has been fine at both EWR and JFK. So I consider this a tool for domestic travel only.
0,Good soldering helper, specially for soldering wires . Magnifying glass help you see better specialy if u working with small parts.
0,These fit perfect and work great. added a nice touch to our lamps also !
0,This light is SO VERY HANDY and it's light is bright!  Plus, it's quality.
0,We control two with a light switch. They are set up transition from color and do so in perfect timing. Great accent lights. Fun!
0,great product at a reasonable price will buy again
0,It arrived in perfect condition and is exactly what I had hoped for! Time will tell if it lasts, but all the features work great! It is nice and sturdy, easy to use and yet compact! Exactly what I had been looking for.
0,Very solid tool and high build quality. No rattle, all tools lock solidly in place. Nice thick blades and scissors. The t-shank jig slot will come in handy. The wire-cutters are the best Leatherman offers, and will cut most wires. Don't get too carried away with it. If you can help it, use a cheap pair of pliers for nails. If you're going to damage something, it might as well be the cheap pliers rather than this.		I bought two and one needed some adjusting to get the blades to open smoothly. I was sad to discover a tiny chip mark on one of the plain-edge blades. When handling one of the tools, there was a small steel shard about 1 mm long, that I got embedded in my thumb. It didn't get very deep but it was certainly something I did not expect from a brand new tool, and a Leatherman, no less.	I consider this an isolated incident and will not remove any stars because of it. I might contact the seller though.		You will need two tamper-proof Torx10 for the handles, and one torx8 for the wire-cutters. I bought two of these and they are awesome:	http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B009MKGRQA?psc=1&redirect=true&ref_=ox_sc_act_title_8&smid=ATVPDKIKX0DER		The sheath that comes with this is very average quality. It will also not fit the bit kit. If you are going to buy that, buy the nylon sheath with the yellow Leatherman logo on it.	http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0016KJKIG?psc=1&redirect=true&ref_=ox_sc_act_title_8&smid=A218A76M4AUC7Y		The Surge has a t-shank jigsaw blade slot, and considering how short the saw is, you might want to grab a Bosch jigsaw set. You have the slot for it, why not extend the capabilities of your tool? Note that the tool will come with the Saw in it, and the File separately in a little sheath. Take care removing the Saw from the jig slot, because it is very sharp.		For what you get, this is an exceptional multitool, but it might be a bit heavy for a pocket. If you are looking for something for every day carry, go with something smaller.	Mind your local laws. This tool has one-handed opening blades, and this may be an issue where you live.		Overall, this is an excellent buy. Leatherman offers a 25-year warranty, and seeing the build quality, you will be passing this down to your kids.
0,Good light for what it does. I used for traffic alert and control when working with my town's emergency team. Would have preferred an LED rather than incandescent bulb. Would have paid the extra money. Otherwise, works well.
0,These do work, but I am still needed some for better polishing.
0,This hose was exactly what I needed.  I needed an extra long shower hose to reach down far enough to wash my dog in the shower.  Now I can scrub the pup down and rinse her off without getting water all over the bathroom.
0,Good product
0,It is such a great tool, my wife stole it, now I will have get another one. I hope my kids never find out about it.
0,Need short outdoor extension cord.  Works great, prompt delivery.
0,I was a little hesitant about how well this light switch would work. I've had motion detecting things before, and none of them were just ever quite sensitive enough.		This switch, however, works fantastic! I installed it in my laundry room, where I inevitably enter carrying armfuls of laundry and don't have a chance to hit the switch. As soon as I open the door, the switch turns the light on. It is SO EASY.		The switch was very easy to install. It took the place of a 3 way switch, so I had to play with the existing wiring a little bit. Overall it took about 15 minutes to install. The included directions are easy to follow, even for the novice.		There are several settings on the switch. You can set the motion sensitivity (high, low, off), the ambient light detection (on, off), and the duration the light stays on after it stops detecting motion (in minutes - 1, 5, 15, 30). It's highly customizable, and can suit just about everyones' needs.		It has a button built-in so you can turn the light off whenever you want.		Note - this switch does NOT come with a cover plate. I had to go to Lowe's to get one ($5).		I have become SO spoiled using this switch, that now I want to install one in every room! I can't believe it's taken someone this long to invent this amazing little device!
0,Works good to lift lid of battery box for solar system.
0,I have now used these for a while and the caulk doesn't dry out and they are easy to remove.
0,Great switches.
0,Works as advertised.
0,Does the job it is required to do
0,Not bad for a patch job, but obviously not as durable as re-screening.  Doesn't stand up to a cat, but that isn't really what its designed for either.  Can't comment on its staying power without feline attention, but it suffers the same fate as the original screen under those claws.
0,Excellent brightness. Would buy again.
0,Love love love... Easy to install super bright... now to install a dimmer switch
0,Good product for the price.
0,i wish they made it a little bit more bigger
0,Very pleased with purchase & quick delivery!
0,PRICE IS RIGHT
0,Works as described. Made my own central vaccum with thing
0,A+
0,Great tool.  Every handy man should have one.  Being no contact, you can detect current easily.
0,seems good but no instruction manual
0,i really like this battery,it works great and i plan to get another one,i have other batterys and this one seems to work better.	(great battery) (great price) thanks.
0,I ordered this to have extra, And I'm glad I did! it turned out that I really like the 3" drive bit. the 6" is great to , but in most cases I prefer the 3" good stuff and price...  Thanks  Pitbullman
0,It's a Kwikset doorknob.  It looks good and is well made.  It's also very easy to install...
0,I needed a showerhead for the RV. The one that came with it had no "on and off" feature. This meant having to adjust the water temperature every time you shut it off. When camping in certain places, you have to use your holding tanks and it can get full quick. This Shower Head saves water and time. Perfect for the quick clean up needed when camping.
0,EXCELLENT.
0,This my 2nd Ryobi circular saw and it is the best. I like the laser and the rubber hand grip that makes it nicer to hold. I worked as a carpenter  for years and this is now my favorite saw!
0,Worked great
0,four plys and you have a beautiful longboard.  good stuff!!!  a bit expensive, but worth it for strength, durability & flexibility.
0,Perfect for bathroom, but too white for other rooms.
0,I purchased this to replace my Craftsman that I had misplaced. This operates ver smoothly and the rubber handle makes it very comfortable to work with. Looks and feels like a quality and precision tool.
0,Very good product.  It has good range.  I used it to make a remote on/off switch for my various sprinkler timer stations (with other circuitry).
0,Top quality and it shows.  Wish it were in a set though since by the bit is very expensive.
0,Worked great.  Installation easy.
0,with the exception of the brand name actually printed on the Lens(which i had to scrape off)  i wear these all the time.  especially while driving, or in the rain.  cuts down on the glare, and they are ballistic grade.
0,I've worked on my own AC systems for years. In 99% of the time it ain't rocket science. But owning a leak detector wasn't in my budget. The price on these imported systems is impossible to beat. I'd pay a bit more to buy domestic but have never found anything near this price point. Only complaint is it comes with two detector tips and no information on how to purchase replacements. Sticking the probe in dangerous places WILL eventually damage them. I guess at this price point it's a throw away/replace it when it dies product. Frankly I can live with that but it loses one star for this review.		I tested it with a jug of 134a, very sensitive. Now, to find that leak in my street machine AC system!
0,Works great, would buy again.
0,Great assortment of screwdrivers.  However, upon opening the case for the first time, I did not notice the case was also taped with clear tape in one spot and upon applying barely any pressure to open the case, there began a medium size crack in the top.  Make sure you put this somewhere that won't bang around in your toolbox.	***UPDATE***		Within 24 hours of writing my original review of this product, I received a comment on it from a Tekton customer service representative offering to replace the case, as my item broke upon attempting to open it.  I arranged for a replacement case, and within 5 days received a complete new set (not just case) of this product.  This time, my case did not break.  Bottom line, this experience has made me feel very validated and I appreciate the love that Tekton has for its customers.  The screwdriver set is great, a very complete set of precision screwdrivers, and as if that is not enough to make you get these, the fact that the company is actively monitoring its customer's reactions to the products and offering to fix any issues ASAP should put it over the top for you.		Excellent set.  Superior customer service.  You won't be disappointed.
0,This is a real time saver, being able to fold it for storing and then to fold it out and it's always square, wonderful tool!
0,Works very well!
0,Arrived as advertised, even included a box of nails, which I did not expect.  Nailer is in great condition, works perfectly, with a couple of scratches on the head, as expected.  A very lightweight and powerful nailer.  And the price of the nailer was lower than advertised...... although the shipping was more.  The final total worked out to be the same either way, so not an issue, I just found this odd.
0,Just finishing my first job with it.  Performed flawlessly on more than 1,000 shots using mostly 2" brads.  Much prefer this gun vs the Senco it replaced.
0,I love using these glasses but the lends tend to scratch way to easy. But if you baby them a little the will last and look cool a long while
0,I use this for my work and i love it!  I work night shift and sometimes I don't want to turn on the lights to wake my patients up.  With this flash light, i don't wake them up.  It's definitely bright enough to find anything you need in the dark!
0,Always a good product, quality is consistently good.
0,I ordered two of these. The big advantage: if you have a dark spot on your property, this light covers about twenty feet brightly for about twenty seconds. It works well. It activates within ten feet of the device. Its very sensitive to movement. Its great because you mount it in one minute and forget it. I ordered two more. It will work great for loved ones when you're not home because it gives a warning if someone is outside the door within ten feet or more. And if you re in a rural area, put it out on your shed and you ll know if someone is out there. Or varmints messing with your animals. Good luck.
0,Great for use inside pool skimmer as an added filter.
0,consistent performance, handles a power outage w/o losing memory - settings; quiet!
0,Very high quality for the price.  The different colored finishes makes distinguishing between standard and metric a breeze.  The ball-end allows these to be used securely at an angle.  Finally, the product is made in the USA.  I can't think of a better set of hex wrenches for the money.
0,These added a very nice touch to my living room.  I love the antique gold finish and the solid brass quality.
0,These are my favorite programmable light switches, mainly because of the battery that saves the time. We lost power for three days and it still saved the time and worked once the power came back on.
0,Essential backup batteries for a variety of tools.
0,Works great. I had been trying to wick solder up, which works but can be a larger hassle than just using one of these.
0,Good product.
0,This is my favorite knife in my collection. Solid build, nice and tight, and me personally, I love the look of the metal on one side and the desert tan scale on the other. The wave open is so creative and I love the way it opens. It's a quick access nice, easy to open if you're wearing gloves, and much cheaper than a nice automatic. Blade sharpened up very nicely, even with my cheap Lansky sharpener. The blade shape and handle shape are the perfect size and length for an EDC knife.		Get this knife, you'll love the wave. Just don't expect to flick it open with your thumb until you've had it a bit.
0,Bought two of these to replace those incredibly hot and fragile work light bulbs.  Curious thing is the entire unit slipped neatly into the original housings with little change (except to remove old halogen internals).  Very neat a clean adaptation!  They are well built and light output is adequate for lighting a work area.
0,works well
0,The oring seals really well and the container seems indestructible. I put a desiccant packet inside to keep rod dry.
0,Good investment
0,Every framing carpenter should have one in their tool arsenal.
0,You can see good out of them protects your eyes nice product
0,good
0,Good for 8ft door
0,Socks are attractive, fit snugly on chair legs. Will not fit large dining room table legs.  Work much better than felt pads. Easily replaced.
0,good lights get ghosts with motion activated lights
0,good deal
0,These are so much better than the compact florescents or incandescent bulbs, and they have a nicer glow, will last forever, and prices are getting better.  Awesome lights.
0,Love it!  The design and construction of this reader makes it the perfect addition to my vaping supplies and tools.  Regarding the comment on shoddy threads, I disagree; the connectors are very well constructed and made of some sort of steel, not a soft metal my ant means.  Both connectors fit my atty's perfectly.	Highly recommend this item and seller.
0,Beware... You may be horrified by what it reveals (best results in total darkness), but otherwise it's a sweet ass uv light
0,Using this with a trail cam. Excellent product!
0,The best of the best - looked at a couple of other products and this one was the real deal.
0,works great, swift shipping, excellant product, works as described, thanks Jim M
0,Great price. Spits a little bit though.
0,This is a great deal. Good fit. I used for spraying preventive bug spraying around my yard, in my house, and in my basement. The filters are easily replaceable and the unit is lightweight so long wear is not a problem.
0,These are pretty decent gloves for doing garage work.
0,very cheap but took long time to come.  I don't know if it's charging.  When I put low battery, light turn on green.  I think it is reversing the power.  red light is always on when I charge.  Never turn green.???
0,Easy setup, rock solid saw. Very little vibration, very accurate. The dust blower works well to keep the cutting area clear.
0,Just as they seem a good set of extensions.  No issue with them at all. Seem like they will last so far.
0,So far I'm loving the Ecobee. I had the Nest prior to the Ecobee and while the Nest seemed to work very well with my gas furnace, I moved and the new place has has a heat pump system. Worked okay in heat only mode, but suddenly and heat.cool mode, it would start cooling for no reason. Factory reset twice and tech support could not resolve. I'm not sure if this was a heat pump specific thing, or a software bug, but tech support claims no other complaints with heat.cool. Also began having realiability issues with auto away (now called Eco mode).		Decided to get the Ecobee3 and I have not looked back so far. It is easy to setup, and you can stick with default settings (which in every case not ideal) or, at least with a heat pump system, the amount of control you have over how it works is awesome. All of these settings you lack with the Nest. You have very detailed control with this. You just need to do your homework to get it tuned just right (at least if you have a heat pump).		The remote sensors work well and I bought two more. It does not rely on geofencing to determine home/away which is a major issue I was having with Nest.		I've been using heat.cool ("Auto" on the ecobee) and it has worked flawlessly. No AC when it's not called for. Additionally, the amazing amount of usage data you are provided and for a very long period of time, several months I believe... vs the Nest and it's 10 days of very basic info. I don't understand this limitation by Nest.		I was definitely a fan of the Nest, and I love the retro look a lot. But honestly, for me, the better system and the better features on with the Ecobee3.
0,T-9 Boshield is a must.	I love this stuff. It lubricates and protects all your metal tools. You'll come to somehow really like the smell- Its weird- but  just give it some time- you'll see.	Blade and bit cleaner good, though the plastic spray nosel broke pretty early on the rust cleaner. You can still get the cleaner out- its just annoying.	Rust remover is good- not perfect. Nothing will get every single bit of deep rust off of something- but this does a pretty good job.	I find using a combination of first rust remover followed by bit cleaner cleaners and then putting the T-9 on at the end does the trick for most things.	Woulda gone with 5 stars but the plastic spray nosel shouldn't break with very light use.	Nonetheless I would definitely buy again.
0,THIS IS A NEW KNIFE FOR SOG.  OUR FRIENDS AT SOG ARE ALWAYS THINKING OF BETTER WAYS TO SERVICE	THE KNIFE COMMUNITY.  THIS KNIFE IS SHARP AND STAYS SHARP.  WELL MADE WITH VG10 STEEL.	RECOMMEND THIS KNIFE.
0,Sockets are working great!
0,Six screws and you done if you are replacing. Easy install. Heavy and made to last.
0,Very nice, well made item. If I had to be picky, The retaining strap and buckle could be a little beefier.
0,The neatest bulb changer you will ever own!
0,These bits worked great right out of the box with no adjustments at all! I've used them a lot on oak door  framing and they show no signs of getting dull. Can't beat Freud!
0,This was so easy to replace my old thermostat with this unit. They give you so many wiring diagrams to match your system. I checked the wires and marked them as i removed then. Even the mounting holes matched up to install it on the wall.		I set it up with my zwave unit in less than five mins. Works perfect even with the app running on my iphone.		Best thing i have purchased to add to my home automatic system.
0,very good dado set. easy to use & accurate. shims are included.
0,Perfect seal! After recently replacing a toilet, I can say that this was by far the easiest and best seal I have done. I am no expert toilet replacer, but for the few I have done, this seal is great. Easy to use and seems to have sealed really well. All good. This is one of those things you don't want to do wrong .....
0,It works, and the water will not re-fill if there is a slow leaking. It may not work as good as other brand (with leaking guard) which I used, but this Korky is low-profile which fits for low-profile one-peace toilet.		I like it.
0,Excellent tool. Purchased to install Pergo flooring. More then enough power, nice clean cut and decent battery life. (I did need to change batter out at lest once in a day.)  Do realize this does not include a battery!! In my hast to make a purchase I failed to read the description properly and it clearly indicates "Bare Tool". The Battery and charge were well over $100 so I purchased an 18V Hitachi drill which came with two batteries and charger for under $80.
0,Craig Deoxit is the very best electrical contact cleaner plus protection available. However Craig makes a number of different cleaners/contact shields. In fact this company has a confusing array of products and their products are rarely used by non-professionals. Yet, for decades, these products have been and remain the gold standard for cleaning/improving and protecting any type of electrical connection. Often these products seem almost magical in their ability to rejuvenate switches, relays, potentiometers (volume controls), etc		HOWEVER - Deoxidit "Shield" is for harsh environments (Boats or other outdoor electrical applications) and assumes the contacts are already clean (or brand new) or have first beem cleaned with a DeoxIT D series cleaner. This is a product for harsh outdoor electrical connnections!		Pick the right Deoxit product. For most people - a D series contact cleaner and rejuvenator is your best choice and the only product you'll ever need. If you have a boat, an outdoor generator, etc then the S series is right for you YET unless the boat, generator, etc is brand new you need to use the D series cleaner first.		From the Craig website: "DeoxIT Shield S-Series is recommended for NEWLY manufactured components, or those pre-cleaned with DeoxIT D-Series contact cleaner. DeoxIT7 Shield provides long-lasting protection in harsh outdoor environments"
0,Came as expected and have 6 others just like it....
0,These felt pads seem pretty good so far. The sticky ones never stay on. I'm glad they had rectangle ones.
0,Looks great hanging from the fan in the boys' pirate themed room.
0,Cool little knife
0,These provide good ear protection however they are a bit tight for my head.  I use them while mowing the lawn on a tractor and by the time I finish (1 hour), my head is feeling the pressure.  On the upside, the noise is almost completely eliminated.
0,Half the teeth on the drive gear of my-manufactured in 1998 Craftsman garage door opener-stripped off. My heart sank as I thought I was going to have to replace the whole unit being as old as it is. Removed the covers and was somewhat relieved to see just a gear was stripped. Started my search and ended up with this kit.		I did not need all the parts in the kit. Replaced the worm gear, drive gear and retaining pins. Runs like a champ now.		When searching for replacement parts for old units like mine, make sure to write down as much info you can find on the unit: Model and Serial numbers, manufacturer and date of manufacture, horsepower, etc. It will help you to get the right parts for your project.
0,Worked great for hanging some small pictures in our motor-home as well as securing some other decorative items I wouldn't want shifting around as we go down the road.
0,Liked so much I bought a second one
0,Works fine on my old Sears Craftsman opener from the 90s. The programming method is a bit funky (you have to press the button anywhere between 1 and 19 times depending on the model you have).  I'm glad that my model only required 4 presses.
0,Excellent value
0,PRICE WAS RIGHT AND IT WAS SIMPLE TO INSTALL AND IT IS FAIRLY EASY TO PROGRAM AND IT WORKS FLAWLESSLY
0,I bought this to have an array of firewall plugs and grommets for my engine rebuild and electrical rerouting.  I'm happy with everything so far.
0,Great flooring for a shed. Easy to cut. Easy to install, and replace tiles if needed. Highly recommended! Kimber Mahon didn't lie! ;)
0,Thanks
0,its a fluke
0,good price good quality good desing
0,This was the BRIGHTEST bicycle light I have ever seen. I was a bit heavy, and even with rubber shims it would tend to move when riding roughly. Too much for my intended use, so retired it to be a SUPER FLASHLIGHT that, in my opinion, surpasses automobile head lights! Instead, I got a group of those small single lights and as they are lighter, they tend to stay in place easier and I can use one of all three at once!
0,As advertised
0,love it
0,Connects to faucet well.
0,A couple years ago, I gave "sensible" gifts to some of my family in northern Minnesota: Long cable super heavy duty jumper cables for sub-zero weather and maneuvering a jump around snowdrifts. And I got this Bucket Boss Jumper Cable Bag to hold the cables. It looks great and holds the 20-foot 4-gauge (thick) jumper cables. Much better than a plastic bag with a twist-tie!		Here's the heavy-duty jumper cables I got. Incidentally, longer and heavier gauge cables are well worth it. They still carry voltage well even when the weather is freezing.	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Coleman-Cable-08660-Heavy-Duty-4-Gauge-Auto-Battery-Booster-Cables-with-Polar-Glo-Watt-Clamps-20-Feet/dp/B00002243Y/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Coleman Cable 08660 Heavy-Duty 4-Gauge Auto Battery Booster Cables with Polar Glo-Watt Clamps (20 Feet)</a>		Happy Reader
0,These are really nicely made push blocks.  The handles are large with a rubber grip, making for excellent holding.  The bottom rubber pads do a very good job of gripping the wood.  However, the pads are somewhat thin and soft, so they might wear easily if subjected to rubbing or used on very rough surfaces.  My only complaint is these push blocks are not made in the US.  Still, highly recommended.
0,It's an amazing night light for anyone at any age. Its movement keeps you mesmerized. And the  battery power option is GREAT!
0,Very good metal hole saw set.
0,Solid Product, well built
0,Perfect size and weight for EDC, almost small enough for a key chain, almost.
0,Great item
0,After losing my original Rockwell screw I bought this replacement.  It secured the wood cutter on just fine.  No complaints thus far after limited usage anyway.
0,works very well, I would like to find one that is wider yet but I'm very satisfied.
0,Very affordable and easy to carry around in my job, instead of the bigger version...Got one for my co worker, and love it
0,It works perfect for home usage....
0,Used to retrieve soda in cans from an ice tub during a charity bazaar. They work!
0,Jackson makes great work products. This is a great way for you to feel safe about the equipment that you use. I like to have something that protects my whole face. This does just that. I like this because I do not have to worry about all the toxic fumes. This protects my eyes ears and nose. Fits right for me . I have a small head.
0,Perfect replacement.
0,Great for getting out stubborn stains & grime.
0,It's all-plastic, reasonably priced, and has those little compartments on the lid I've come to enjoy (I have a plastic\metal large toolbox with them and find them exceedingly handy for certain often-needed items).		While I have a similarly-sized battered old all-steel toolbox, I was looking for something for my vehicle which was less likely to gouge\scrape the back when rattled around a bit. This is a little taller, narrower, and about as deep. Is exactly what I expected when I ordered it, and is well-suited to its intended use. Unless I find some kind of fabrication flaw that compromises the shell (I've had plastic go brittle under exposure to heat or sunlight before), I expect it to do years of faithful service.		Recommended to anyone looking for a toolbox of this size, more so if plastic construction is either a plus or a nonissue (such as in my case).
0,worked excellent
0,I've only used this spray tip and It works great.  I spray different lengths of 2 by material ripped into 1/2 by 1/4 strips and this works great on them.
0,Works great.
0,Like the color and how tight they fit on the glasses, new they floated but didn't realize they make a case for glasses to... will try them out next week.
0,Great for projects around the house and reading in bed.
0,I wish the clip had come with my WAVE when I bought it.  It installs easily as it clips on and allows me to carry my full size multi tool in my pocket with easy access.		I have been using this now for about 6 weeks every day and the clip has not come off, so I do not understand the other reviews.  It is well made and looks attractive as well.		I did install the lanyard ring temporarilly but have not used it extensively, although I attached a small S-biner to it and hung it off my pack for a day with no problems.
0,very handy
0,These are great for those awkward placed screws.swivel works well and have held up for the couple months ive had them.
0,I've been using this sunrise simulator for the past month, and my wife & I love it. We have it controlling a 60W incandescent daylight bulb and it works great. The light slowly turns on, so it's not a startling wake up. I still use my alarm clock (don't wanna be late), but this seems to make waking up easier since each 5min snooze, the room is brighter but not blinding. Very cool device, and well worth the price. I probably could have built one of these devices myself for the price of parts, but then I'd still be dealing with making it look nice, and this device is already packaged together nicely. I recommend getting it.
0,Works well, it's lighter than my corded version and  while less powerful, for the task the the lack of the cord it was powerful enough. The battery seems to last a good long time, if you plan on using it a lot, get 2 batteries, as the recharge cycle will take awhile. Get the recharging station.  I used  the grout removal tool, The lever is open when pulled on and locks on release, very secure lock. better than the Borsch lock if you use non deWalt blades. The bag is heavy duty and a tough zipper, unlikely yo crap out, and if  does, the handles will close the bag well enough. Oh and if you do remove grout, get the round and spade version, and offset it to the angle your need.
0,Best utility knife ever. Use it almost daily. I have about a dozen of these and leave them where I use them most so I don't loose track of them. Garage, laundry room, vehicles, tool boxes, and one on each boat. Easy open to change blades. Love the secure blade storage inside the handle vs. those that rattle around inside the handle and by the time you change blades it's already half dull.
0,These are the heavier ones. Get these 5mm ones.  They are so perfect for my 13 book cases!
0,A knife that feels like its quality exceeds its price significantly. This is a narrower bladed, narrower framed knife that is easily pocketable. Very easy to flick open with the spring assist. The frame and panels on this knife appear strong and durable. Compare to the CRKT Ken Onion knife, which is lighter but about the same size. If you like this size knife with its finger flick open design, consider owning both.
0,Nice bulbs with decent luminosity supplied by an array of LEDs.  As other noted, probably not for luminaries with exposed sockets or children's fixtures due to the extra exposure of the tall base contact.  Perfect for all other applications as life expectancy seems about 10x that of an incandescent bulb and energy consumption 1/10th (not that night lights consume much energy).
0,After getting a few costly quotes on cost to have the restrooms and kitchen done I finally decided to purchase this kit and give it a try. I purchased the expresso kit and my cabinets were originally an honey oak color. I did not expect much considering I am terrible at things like this but I must say the kit is so good that there's really no way to "mess up" as long as you follow the directions step by step. I watched the thoroughly video (provided in the kit) for each step.	while doing this project I was very busy or just didn't feel like bothering with it so it took me about 4 weekends but could easily be a weekend project depending on the size of the cabinets. I will say the top coat is horrible and could of potentially ruined my cabinets (which is why I am giving it 4 stars instead of 5) but I didn't give a chance to. After seeing how bad it was I immediately stopped using it and went to Home Depot to purchase the minwaxed water based satin coat (did not want too much gloss so I chose this one) this top coat is amazing. When I do the other bathroom and kitchen I won't even attempt to use the top coat in the kit I will continue using the min wax it works great.	Easy project and amazing results this is really hard to mess up even if you're not the best painter it won't show ... simply follow the directions step by step and don't use the top coat in the kit. (My opinion)
0,Bulbs pair with staples connect hub nicely.  No issues other than a slight hum when dim.
0,As long as you have this set up correctly, this would discourage a criminal after a few kicks. There is simply too much noise and time required to get a door open when this is on. Even if they have a reason to stick around put in the effort, assuming your smart and responsibly own a firearm, you will now have the needed time to properly arm yourself. In combination with a simple door alarm, I would rate this as highly affective.
0,works like it supposed too
0,good
0,Well made tool.
0,I had a Maglite Solaire for years, but it was the old style with a regular bulb. It worked fairly well, never casting a lot of light but it was rugged, reliable, and fit comfortably in my pocket. Since every man needs a flashlight (especially here in Maine, where it gets dark at 4:30 during the winter!), I carried the Solaire every day until I lost it hunting. I replaced it with a Leatherman LED pocket model, and the difference in light output and battery life was dramatic. But it used a pushbutton switch to activate it, and for some reason the button never seems to make it more than six months without getting finicky. Plus it had a tendency to turn on in my pocket and drain the battery. The twist-to-activate style of the Solaire works better in a pocket light, and now that they've finally got it in an LED, it can match the light output of my leatherman.	One caveat is that it's not a truly focusable beam like the original Solaire. You can focus it to an extent, but you can't really pinpoint anything with it. However, the increased light output from the LED means that you really don't NEED to focus the beam to get enough light where you need it.
0,great
0,UPDATE:  1-30-17  Well here we are almost 3 years now and this thing is still good as new.  The only noticeable aging is the name wearing off.  I use this with my impact at 800 inch pounds and it is still as smooth as new.  I lube it every few months and all of my co-workers borrow it on a daily basis.  Well worth the money.  This puts all the cheap ones to shame.		Update: 10-9-15  Ok so I have had this for almost a year now and it simply is the best you can buy.  Still as good as new and works perfect.		I cannot say enough good things about this tool.  It is very well built and you can tell they tried to make it last.  It has oil ports so that you can keep the bearings lubed and the design of the handle is top notch.  Buy with confidence.  You will not be disappointed.
0,great product for keeping a messy person like me organized.
0,OK
0,As advertised. Am using it currently to make rgb light cube. Have not finished project but as of now no complaints on my part.
0,nice lights, have ordered many Ankway solar lights and are always happy with them
0,Good product and works as designed
0,Let me preface this with the fact that I am somewhat new to DIY as an adult living in our first house that my husband and I purchased together.		However, I have used chop saws, table saws, drills, etc in the past working with my parents doing DIY.  I have a healthy respect for these things and DO read the instructions before beginning to work.		With that said, I was really upset after the saw was not working quite properly (sending my test pieces of 1x2's flying).  So off I went to take the saw blade assembly apart.  The manufacturer had assembled it incorrectly.  Very.  Very.  Very.  Dangerous.		Once I assembled everything correctly, the saw has worked like a dream since then.  I have mostly used it to cut 1x10" poplar and project board as well as 1x12" project board.  On the 1x12s, I did have to cut it most of the way with the saw and then flip.  I don't mind doing that.  I love the slide mechanism.  My parents' chop saw didn't have this feature, and I can't imagine doing without at this point.		This saw is a bit steeply priced for a hobbyist like me... but I do intend to build some small pieces of furniture and hopefully improve from there.  I wanted something that would last, and I feel that this Makita will be there for me along the way.
0,Got this to fill in some stress places on my deck. It has been too cold and rainy to use it as yet. But it is Bondo so I'm sure it will work as well as the other Bondo I plan to use the wood hardener to stop the wood rot and use this to fill in the rough areas. A coat of paint then I should be good to go right lol. Well the idea sounds solid. Will update if it doesn't work and upgrade if it is fantastic
0,Feels a little flimsy and the handle for the lever shows the price of this unit.  Very cheap plastic feel, but price is fine and it does its job.
0,These lights work great. Nice size, easy to carry when walking,
0,Works pretty good with my Dyson. Battery lasted way longer than the stock one but had the stock one a year and a half and wife vacuums kitchen every night with it. Only issue I have had is the charge port must be a little different and you sometimes need to push the charge cord in to get the battery to charge and we never had any issue with that with the stock battery. Still a good product and much cheaper than the Dyson replacement.
0,Slightly larger diameter than my original Moen but exact finish was the same and even comes with an allen wrench for mounting
0,I got these batteries a while ago and have used them through several cycles.  I'm very pleased with them.  I actually gave up on my DeWalt because the batteries were too expensive.  I was buying the cheapest (<$20) Harbor Freight drills I could get every year or so.  However, I didn't realize what I was missing until I started using the DeWalt again.
0,This is a well made mallet but I wouldnt call it soft.	The plastic ends are very hard and its not a replacement for a true soft hammer or a dead blow.	For general use, its more then adequate but again don't but it if you want a really soft mallet.
0,Love this light!!! Have one in every bugout bag. They are very durable, bright, and the batteries last a long time.
0,Headlamp was just what I needed for my BOB.  Fast shipping.
0,Great. Excellent tool on a hard to find size.
0,I bought this because I had a large section removed from my ceiling to install insulation.  I also had lots of nail pops that had to be fixed, and I did not want to remove everything from the room to sand the drywall.  This product produced zero dust.  I did not even get any on my hands!  It also did not make load noise like this product: http://www.amazon.com/Sand-Kleen-MT-800-Sander/dp/B0000DD1NQ/ref=pd_rhf_shvl_10 .  I mention this other product because I used their idea of taking a 5 gallon bucket and filling it half-way with water.  I then took a pvc pipe and inserted it throught the cover into the water and connected the sander's hose to the pipe.  I then hooked my shop vac to another hole I made in the cover.  The reason for doing this is it prevents the dust from clogging up your shop vac filter as it all gets trapped in the water.
0,Solid sturdy feel.  Finish is excellent.  Only complaint is the latch sometimes stick in the door and also definitely need grease to make the door close smoothly. I bought 27 of these and about 5 had latch issues.  The handles can be easily swapped for right or left hand  doors.  Need to use the included key.  Took a couple times at first to figure it out but easy enough to do.
0,I love it it's very strong and picks up everything
0,,Nice product - worth the money.
0,I used this to clean my tankless water heater. I pumped 1.5 gallons of vinegar for about 2 hours, then did it again with clean vinegar for another hour. I rinsed it for about 5 minutes with clean water pumping through it. It is a very powerful little pump!
0,Adjustable lengths was a great advantage to hanging properly. Pictures attached are only one light installed, but it transformed our ugly 80's lighting into a modern yet vintage option.
0,It does a great job keeping dust off the machine and allowing it to breathe. I think that is important because the wheel can absorb almost a quart of water sometimes. I try to keep my shop clean but a router can make a mess in just a few seconds. I think it should be included with each machine and not optional. It is like a convertible without a top for the rainy days.
0,Worked like a charm.
0,Worked as advertised with a 28+ year old opener that's no longer supported by the maker.
0,Exactly what I wanted at a great price.  Dewalt customer service was wonderful when I thought I had a problem.  I didn't but they helped me anyway.  I've never been disappointed by Dewalt.
0,These were delivered the other day. I put them in and couldn't believe how much brighter they are than my halogen bulbs. Had them in a couple days now, so far so good. I will purchase more
0,Works like a charm. Thank you!
0,Well made, sturdy material and the pockets are very handy.	I use this when casting lead to protect myself and it fits the bill excellently!	The only bad thing I can say is the tie straps (for lack of a better word) could/should be longer so you can wrap them all the way around and tie them back in the front, as tying a bow behind my back is not my forte!
0,Great pouch for work!
0,This is a wonderful desk lamp, and the price is right, too.
0,best toilet seat I ever bought , has easy clean hinges that make it very easy to clean under the seat and in the back of the toilet . The quality of construction is very good and the antimicrobial coating makes it safe .
0,I installed 3 of these under my kitchen to help light up the counter space work surface. They do an amazing job of generating light. I did have to stick one up with heavy duty velcro because it kept falling down, but I could have used the enclosed screws, too. Helpful hint, if your lights don't work with the switch, make sure the plug is on the switch side. I was having to plug them in and out at the wall because I didn't know this helpful little hint. Anyway, great lights!
0,Great light for retro fitting. Low heat output, very bright and dimmable for softer lighting. Excellent product for energy saving and bright light.
0,Work great.  They are on my concrete steps outside my home.  Only issue was mounting them to concrete as they come with regular screws for wood/plastic.
0,Both batteries are real Milwaukee, not knock offs.
0,Having never owned any Milwaukee hand tools, I took a chance on these. I tend to stick with tools that I have experience with.	In this case, taking a chance paid off well. This is an excellent pair of grips. They are durable, I use them every day at the shop. They lock well and are easy to use. The adjustment screw is well designed and the jaws are sturdy. Highly recommended.
0,Works great. Ready for power goes off, these come right on. I use them very regularly as a flashlight. I also have used them to find out what breaker turned off an outlet. Nice product.
0,I made a few bungees that I depended on for two months bike camping.  This product is good and sturdy - couldn't have worked better.
0,Does the job, good weight to it. Not a fan of the slant cut bottom. It makes the driver unidirectional, you can only safely use it with the long end facing you and the handles are bent to accommodate that. Other than that, it does what it says.
0,Do almosy any watch repair with this kit.  Easy to use lots of extra peices. Dont pay for another batt. Replacment or watch sizing this pays for itself after a few uses.
0,This is a handy stripper. I use it daily.
0,SON IN LAW LOVED IT!
0,Can verify improved water pressure.
0,Ordered 2 of these & just rec. them, & to My liking the price seems a little high, but it is a nice little pillow ! Got 1 for the recliner-using it now as a matter of fact, & 1 for Our P.U. As Others have stated, it is well made, & has the right amount of firmness for Me. It is a decent size for what it is made to do, & Im happy with the purchase, even with the price- currently The Manufacter is offering a couple of discounts on the price if You get more than 1. The Best To You And Yours!!! PawPaw C
0,Title is a little misleading.  It is a stainless steel control handle and bottom piece, but the spout is entirely plastic.  Makes sense for the price.  The water comes out very quick and clear, and I've had no issues with leaking.
0,Works great, gets very hot on the high setting and of course being a Wagner is built tough. It gets the job done and it's very affordable. I hadn't to reshape some inner fender liner with it and it worked flawlessly and quickly.	If you're in the market for a heat gun and you want good quality for a very low price, get this.	The unit itself is very small, but that makes it more comfortable in the hand if you use it a lot. The only complaint I have about the gun is it's difficult to turn the switch (while you're using it) to the off position, generally when on High. I find it uncomfortable to try and switch settings with one hand but it's not too big of a deal for me.
0,Perfect, looks really great!
0,For the value, can't go wrong.
0,Given the option, I prefer to use my Weller plug-in base station with adjustable temp tip. This beauty is slick enough to stand in without making me grumble too much. I had another Pyropen for many years before wearing it out. (Actually, it may only need a new burner.)		The Pyropen heats up quickly, has adjustable temperature and a variety of tips to choose from. My only grumble is watching the fingers from that exhaust port. But if you want a portable soldering iron, this is it. I've tried almost every other gas and battery-powered unit out there, and nothing else is even close. Extremely reliable.
0,In my humble opinion - this is a quality product. Love the settings, how it works, and how easy it was to install. I'm glad I purchased it for one of my bathrooms. I'm thinking of replacing my other shower heads, and putting it in the other bathrooms as well.	Jeannie Walker (Award-Winning Author) "I Saw the Light" -A True Story of a Near-Death Experience
0,I read several reviews of over 10 different knife sharpeners and own probably 15 knife sharpeners.  I can make just about any blade shave with a wet rock and about 20-30 minutes time.  I read about the ken onion work sharp sharpener and decided that would be my Christmas present in 2014.  The unit was packaged nicely and instantly when you grab a hold of it you know its a quality tool.  In the packaging there is a piece of cardboard that is the "quick start" guide.  READ IT!  The dvd was very short and sweet and to the point.  I feel it could have been a little longer and a little more detailed and i would have liked to seen a professional sharpen 2 or 3 knives on the unit, but that was not on the video.  Anyway after i read the directions and got myself familier with all the moving parts, i grabbed my old work gerber multipliars that the knife has had the tip broken for years.  The thing hasn't cut hot butter in probably 15 years.  I looked at the "bragging rights" settings on the quick start guide and followed the directions to a "t".  Well within 5-10 minutes that blade was as sharp as just about any blade ive ever seen.  It really didn't come to a sure enough razors edge until i put the final two belts on, (the fine texture belts).  Once i was finished with my eye alone i could see the smooth polished razors edge and i knew without touching it, she was sharp!  I ran one smooth stroke down my forearm and the hair was flying and leaving a smooth babys bottom path.  Next i tried the paper test and she slid through the paper like a scalpel.  Need less to say, i sharpened every knife i could find in the house over the next hour and let my wife know to be careful, we got some new finger removing instruments in the house now.		Overall i am very impressed, for the simple fact im an old wet rock guy.  My problem was always i could get a knife to shave, but rarely would it be one smooth stroke shaving,,,,it was usually shave a 1/2 inch, then slowly gently shave shave shave until you had a path 2-3 inches long.  The work sharp ken onion edition will get your blades sharp enough to lay your knife on your arm and with one smooth swift pass, leave you with a bare shaven path on your arm.  And where it might take me 20-30 minutes to wet rock a knife,,,,i can do it with this baby in about 5 minutes.		5 stars and if your time is worth anything, the $130 you pay is well worth it.
0,Great product, have used before.
0,GOOD
0,Looks to be well made.  Compact and very bright.
0,great
0,Exactly as described and easy to install. No leaks and perfect for my use with a shower chair.
0,These bulbs are a good value and have a nice neutral color, not too warm, not to cold.
0,they are bungie straps. what else do you need to know?
0,We have already reviewed this adapter kit.  Was a life-saver for our needs.
0,WORKS WELL IN TIGHT AREAS.
0,I love the solar spot light very Bright
0,My husband works in the commercial construction industry.  On the side- he builds residential custom furniture and woodworking.  Basically - he's the ultimate handyman [wife swoons] and knows tools, equipment and construction very well.		He LOVES this wrecking bar.  He says it absorbs the shock well and replaced other tools when he's demoing.  He can use it to lift old tile, remove 2x4s quickly and he likes the board bender.		While he likes the efficiency of the bar.... his WIFE loves the way it protects his body.  He works so hard and anything to minimize the impact to his body makes me happy.		Excellent tool and worth the price.
0,Just what I needed for my craft needs
0,Cutting vinyl siding is a breeze. Well worth the money.
0,price is right.
0,Installed these t-handles on the rear hatch on my home-built camper. These are working great.
0,When our home was built 4 years ago, it was constructed with several SC9120B Combination Smoke Detectors and Carbon Monoxide detectors.  Since then, I've had nothing but trouble with them.  I've gotten many, many false positive Carbon Monoxide alerts.  No need to call out the fire department.  My house is all electric! So unless a little carbon monoxide is getting in from the garage (during the few seconds where we are pulling in and the car is running), they were crying wolf waaaay too often!		BRK Brands already replaced 6 of my combination detectors from the factory.  But I'm tired of dealing with this problem.  So when I had a couple more detectors start barking again, I decided to replace them with smoke only detectors.		These 9120B SMOKE ONLY detectors are working fine so far. No more carbon monoxide false alarms because they can't even detect it if it were even present!  The cool thing is that they still match the wiring harness of the SC9120B, so all I had to do was plug in the existing harness and pop it into the already mounted bracket!		So far so good!
0,Pros	Solid Build		Cons	Price is High		Conclusion	Solid Build Quality, Price is High Compared to Competition
0,Very handy to have, I like having the colored wires, I can match the color, but not necessarily the shade.
0,Excellent price, quick arrival....it's almost impossible to find these even in Lowes/Homedepot...Hmmmm, wonder why. While you need a honking wrench to change these, it's totally worth it.		And in San Francisco, it's TWO thousand to get a water heater swapped out....I alway do my own, so I was shocked to find how much is charged now....what a ripoff. a $600 water heater (itself a rip) and and hour or so labor: $2000 !!!???
0,Great price for as close to OEM bulbs as I could find. FYI 4300K is the OEM equivalent.
0,Excellent leather hole punch. Very high quality parts and build. Glad I bought this one.
0,nice novelty tool
0,I use an unprotected lithium AAA cell (14400) in this.  If I have had any major use during the week, I swap out the cell with a freshly charged one.  It gives you the pen light brightness and real brightness, depending on which you need.  Not much difference between Mid and High, when using lithium.  But it will start to get hot after 2-3 minutes.  I know that it is for low long light or quick high light.
0,After using a cordless Blk&Dkr drill, it was time to man up and add a corded drill to my workbench.  Fits great in the hand and the design makes it easy to fit into those odd places and angles to drill away.  Haven't touched my cordless drill since.		Wish it had a chuck and a level like my Grandfather's corded drill, but alas those features seem to have departed along with his era.		I like that is has the option to expand into the Matrix system of accessories.  Honestly, I stick to my discipline as a healthcare professional and I dabble in nothing serious beyond random fixes around the house and DYI projects.  So this matrix system is perfect for me who does not want to have to purchase random tools for my random projects - just an extra accessory is perfect.		Have used it to drill through wood, metal, and plastic all with satisfactory results.  Have also used it to mix paint and sand surfaces.  The chuckless design causes occasional slippage when I'm not paying attention but it is a great drill overall.
0,Fits well in the hand and and offers good grip. The storage area with the bit holder is a particularly nice feature.
0,Kohler makes good products. This seat is of good quality. It takes a little bit of finesse to correctly tighten the seat to the bowl. Once tightened, it sits firmly on the bowl.		The seat is more concave than our older seat and feels different; however, it is comfortable enough for the short time it is in use. Seems to be well made and a decent price. Hard to believe how expensive other toilet seats are!
0,At first I couldn't get the Zoom to work. Contacted tech support and eventually figured out that you pull it out to zoom in. Works great, I prefer it on high beam for searching rooms and the zoom allows you to see farther when needed. Mounted on Cert Helmet by pulling the sides down over the edge of the helmet and then using the chin strap to keep them down there.
0,This is exactly what I needed for my 30-year-old shop vac. This filter is better than the original filter in that it looks to be more washable.
0,Klein manufactures tools for electricians. In this area they have no real competitors.  Why?	Their tools are really built for professional use and are more often lost in an attic crawl space than retired because they have worn out.		Convenient, durable and a must for the handyman, remodeler or electrician.		I have often chucked up the barrel of this tool in my cordless drill/driver to run hex gutter hangers and raised seam sheet metal screws, kitchen cabinet (square bit) robertson screws and to pull down a washer or dryer to replace the inards.  Manualy this is the best tool to install electrical switches, fixtures, receptacles and for work inside the panel.		For any plumbers out there - the socket barrels are the pefrect size for the stainless steel clamps on Fernco fittings.		Replacement tips are also available on Amazon -  they don't seem to wear out but occasionaly break under heavy torque load ( 14.4 v dewalt xrp)		It is impossible to overestimate the utility of this tool.		I own three - (two in the work truck and one at home) and give them as gifts all the time.  What a great way to impress a customer and insure future business.		Thanks Klein Tools!		Caslo
0,Finally what I've been looking for! I have finally found a reliable smoke detector that will shut off,  in the event of a false alarm, with one push of the button. I was recently cooking and some smoke activated the alarm. With one push of the button it actually shut off. This is exactly what I've been looking for.
0,Extra large was what you would expect and it met that. Great materials, heave and sturdy. Would buy again.
0,I buy a new one every year, because I can, ... expense account affords it, I give the old ones away and they are still in pretty good shape, I am hard on my tools and tool bags. Money is no object when it comes to having the right tool for the job, and this one is it.
0,This seems to be a really good quality fan.	Pros - not ornate, super quiet, easy to install, moves a ton of air	con - light isn't really bright	overall - very happy with it and I recommend.
0,exact part and really good price
0,Great tool pouch for my scooter. I used to keep my tools in a zippered bag which a pain, having to rummage through them to get the tool I needed. This pouch takes care of that and stores neatly and easily. Would recommend for anyone with a scooter or motorcycle.
0,We've used lots of roller stands for woodworking and metalworking.  For this price range we're  used to seeing lightweight stands that have really crappy height  and level adjustment systems and cheap rollers.  For the money, this is, by far, the best stand we've bought in 25 years.  The stand is very heavy duty, and the fit and finish is excellent.  The height adjustment lock is a split collar at the top of the stand that tightens down on a robust center column using an allen cap screw to close the collar.  Very secure.  We were having problems with other stands creeping down under load.  Not these stands.  The base is drilled for leveling feet - critical for our woodworking applications - however the holes are not threaded, and there are no feet included with the stand.  No big deal as we bought heavy duty feet (over 3,000 pound capacity each) for around $12 here on Amazon, threaded the holes in the base, screwed the feet in from the bottom, put the jam nuts on from the top side, and welded another nut at the end of the threaded rod so we can adjust the feet from above and lock them with two wrenches.  We ended up with a very, very good stand system with easy, quick and secure height and level adjustment.  These are a joy to work with.
0,I am having my friend write this review as I am now blind from looking into the light. This flashlight is very strong and even comes with its own mini me.
0,great quality fast shipment no problems
0,Worked great for hours of spray painting!
0,Easy to use and adjust and now able to move the shower wand anywhere it is needed. Adds flexibility to showering that does not exist with shower wands attached only to the wall pipe. BIG thumbs up on this little device.
0,This thing is great. the cable is soft and flexible.  The ends are well made and it has endured many camping trips to the cabin.
0,Good product for expanding power outlets.  I deducted one star because the moisture cover over the switch on the received item was not installed correctly causing a gap that may let water in.
0,I give this a 4 star because it works well but it obviously isn't the top of the line. This helped me wife my car stereo by soderring the wire connections. It works good.
0,Does everything I expected it to works great. Didn't matter for me but a jig cannot be used with this router.
0,It is fine. But it is a bit cumbersome. Size & weight makes it clumsy. But it operates as stated, and so far, so good.
0,they are just blades
0,Strip and cuts romex with ease.
0,TOP NOTCH! Easy to install and did exactly as it should!
0,This is everything I could ask for in a shower, was also easy to install.
0,good tool when you need a stubby
0,Upon reading reviews for this product about knock offs being shipped,it seems this is no longer the case. I got two authentic SOG key knives one black, one brass from two different suppliers. I cant believe how well made this little knife is. Quality materials, locks when open, stays closed when not in use. This is a handy item and will be used on a daily basis. Great idea/great product. This will be my go to for gift giving for years to come.
0,I used this to cover some holes on the edge of my roof. That was two years ago. I thought this would be a temporary fix but this product has held up considerably well. Nor the heat of summer, nor the ice of winter has affected its efficiency.
0,nice
0,Only have used it a few times for small projects but incredibly useful tool. Now the only question, what is the longevity.
0,Exactly as advertised, easy install and setup.
0,A little smaller thsn what I thought but it looks great and is a good quality product
0,American Standard is top of the line. Well made bright and shinny and does not leak. would suggest to friends.
0,Perfect for boat rewire
0,great tip great price . not a Victor but works just as good
0,Good enough. Advertised as "New", but was obvious that one of the boxes had been opened. These are halogen. Right away, one of the lamps did not illuminate with the provided bulb (probably was that opened box previously mentioned). I bought an LED bulb, and it solved the problem (The LEDS fit TIGHTLY in the lamp socket/slots. I changed all to LEDs!	The lamps have a nice design...my wife picked these out. My neighbors like the light and lights.
0,I have given up on the poor quality and short life of both Pur and Brita faucet mount filters.  I haven't had the Culligan long enough to say if it's better, but at least it doesn't have a blinking replacement alert light to malfunction.  I have put replacement filters on a scheduled order through Amazon every three months and will just put on the new one when it comes.  The water tasted great.  It's a slower flow than either of the other brands.
0,Direct replacement for guest bathroom toilet American Standard 4		Highly recommend
0,too hard to adjust but I like the setting it is on anyway - easy to put up too!
0,PROS:		Cover from head to toe. Great for crawl space or attic work where dust is a factor. Kept me clean all the time.		CONS:		It will probably not last very long since the fabric is thin. It picks up dust and dirt easily, but cleaning it is not too bad. Like it said it is disposable so don't expect it to last more than a few jobs. For the price I said it is worth it.
0,This is so easy to use and allows a quick and easy centering of your router in a router table.  I found it to be very useful.
0,Installed them in my shop and they made a huge difference! Much brighter with better distribution of light. Love them!
0,Delivery was good. Best flashlight I own. More than most will need, great for power outage or camping lamp with removable top.
0,Working perfectly.
0,I gave it 5 stars, because it did exactly what I wanted it to - which is turn on when I press a button.  It is a replacement bulb for my under the microwave light.  It is very small and bright and you get a 5 pack which should be enough for years to come.
0,Works great and last the whole night. Simply unpack and put it in the yard. Very bright
0,Fit our sink perfectly, still not sure what brand of sink I have. It is quite sturdy and extra feet are included.
0,Have only had these in for a week, but so far they are awesome. I have them in my landscaping and they are so bright! Love them.
0,LIGHT: Reasonably soft (off-white) for LED and makes a good light considering how tiny these are	Note that these are tiny, firefly-like great decorative/accent lights. They will not give you bright illumination.		SOLAR: Please replace the AA 800ma battery with a powerful 2000ma one. This will solve ALL your longevity woes and last most of the night	Get great quality Eneloop batteries at Costco (cheapest) or online. You get a charger with the set which you can occasionally replace fresh battery in winter.	Do not expect cheap Chinese manufacturers to give you a Cadillac battery, it's fair that we take that on ourselves to dial this product in just right.	I took 4 screws of the back and just leave it like that so I can quickly drop in a fresh battery for a late night party or winter refresh (they may not charge fully in low-light winters, depending on where you have them).	I would always get solar+battery, not just battery. Seems so much more flexible and for outdoors no constant change of battery required.		ON/OFF CONFUSING: Testing these lights is very confusing. They have a daylight OFF sensor, so if it's daylight and you want to test them, you have to FULLY COVER the solar panel where the sensor is. It took me a while to figure this out so I thought they were not working. You leave the On/Off button in the on position, cover solar panel with hand, then push the function button to get SOLID or FLASHING. Then you string them up and let them do their thing. If you jigger the buttons a bunch and then they don't turn on at night, either the battery is dead or the On/Off is on off position!		CORD: The lead cord (before lights start) is a bit short IMHO. When using them on balcony railings I'd like to have longer lead cord so there are no lights from the solar element 3-4' to the railing so I can then have lights just on the railing.	The length of the lighted cord is quite nice and you can either stretch out		KIDS PETS FUN  These are awesome for kid projects like Halloween costumes, dog or bike light. We went skateboarding down a dark street in our hood fully wrapped and lit up. Cars stopped to see what was going on. Definite attention getter.
0,good
0,Great light! Better than others on Amazon. Great quality for price. Charge last about 2 weeks on everyday use.
0,Wonderful knife! I'm sold on Ontario knives, very good value for money spent. This knife comes very sharp with good quality	steel in the blade. I just bought another Ontario knife, the Rat ll model, which is a little smaller and a great EDC. Don't hesitate	 to but one!
0,A really great product!!  I have 3 now.
0,Bought this for the projected El Nino here in Calif.  If I need it.....I'll have it.  Like an insurance policy.		Thank you.
0,Bought this as a direct replacement for my original keypad as it had the moisture issue.  Had the original keypad for 6+yrs.
0,a hammers a hammer but if you need a little more weight id buy this  again  and again  solidly built
0,Bought this to do my dogs nails. Great choice. Love the variable speed. Gives great control. Also very quiet. Happy purchaser.
0,I was amazed at the condition of the wire when I received it.  This stuff is Vietnam era, and there was not a spec of rust on it.  The wire is thin, but it is very strong.  A great item for my bug out bag.
0,We decided to use this faucet in our laundry room because the pull out faucet allows us to spray down the large deep sink. Works wonderfully and looks fabulous too. Lovely finish and clean design really makes it 5 star instead of 4 in my opinion.		Easy to install (according to my husband) and I love using it. It's such a difference from our old $20 two handled faucet from Home Depot. Seems like it's a good quality faucet and hope it keeps working as it is now. Would recommend this faucet.
0,Worked perfectly! Replaced a lost remote.
0,Works great, good quality, i like the replaceable blade.
0,This is one heck of a light. The best part of it is that you don't actually need the horribly rated rechargeable batteries that cost more than the flashlight itself. All you need is two CR123A lithium batteries, which are much cheaper, and I'm willing to bet brighter. The zoom works well, it has (zoomed out) a very wide field of light, the settings work like they should, and its one of the brightest flashlights under $50 I've seen.
0,The sensors seem to be identical except for branding. The T&B receiver is a tad smaller. Sensors work with both receivers. I swapped receivers and could not see any difference.  I wanted an additional sensor from STI it was cheaper to buy the complete T&B unit.		You can buy Carlon doorbells MFG the T&B unit.		Clip the appropriate links in sensors and receivers and you can match chime to receiver and send to that receiver. OR leave the links alone and all the receivers will chime the selected music-chime from the source.		Cover sides of sensor window with tape to narow the area.		T&B consumer store wanted $52.00 plus shipping.:(
0,Pretty good little fan
0,Perfect dadoes. Flat bottoms. I have only used it for 3/4 and 11/16 wide dado slots and both were perfect.
0,Works great if you want a bunch of shorted fuses.
0,I bought one for my son and myself to use when we go shooting. This one is a small gift for my daughter when she gets her carry permit. I have traumatic hearing loss, especially in my right ear, from shooting without hearing protection when I was young and ignorant. Now I know better. Use hearing protection when you are around loud noises, like when shooting firearms, drag strips, race tracks, etc. I bought this particular brand on recommendation from Nutnfancy on YouTube. It's reasonably priced and effective.
0,I bought replacement blades for the awesome Black & Decker saw. Very useful.
0,Heavy duty!  You can really hit hard with a hammer and it removes the trim.
0,These are a great set of tool rests for my Mini Lathe. After buffing the tops with a little wax my tools glide smoothly across these rests. Having the Three different sizes makes it so convenient in doing almost any type of turning that I need to do. The price as a set is a great buy.
0,GReat to alert you for water leaks
0,The depth adjustment on this router is the best I have ever used. I purchased the router mainly for use in a router table, and the access from above the table to adjust the depth of cut is just wonderful. The motor is powerful enough for large cuts. The tool is very comfortable to operate, with the power switch in the perfect position to access whether using the body grip or the handles.
0,Excellent quality--- this bar is slightly heavier build than most towel bars, making it appear more durable and above average quality. Very nice appearance, too.
0,not bad for what i paid, just a little lightweight, but i expected that.  it did the job.  wonder, too, about the plastics and how they'll hold up, if something snaps, it's done.  but it serves its purpose.
0,Perfect for what I needed.  Fast delivery and price was good.
0,nice product, well made, light weight and practical.  It seems to have the pockets that I need,  Larger pouch can easily hold a cordless driver
0,Wasn't sure how large to get a ceiling medallion that would complement a 56" fan. Turns out that it doesn't really matter since both big & small medallions gives each fan that extra sophisticated look, no matter how big or small. For more heightened drama however, I might go for a larger (say....32-inch) medallion the next time around. Especially if it's in a larger family room with an open concept to the kitchen. However this 22-inch Minka Aire medallion turned out to be stunning with the Monte Carlo 5SBR56 Strasburg 56 Inch Ceiling Fan in British Bronze. Lots of compliments from everyone who visits.
0,Loved it.
0,Great saw.  I did not realize what I was missing until I bought this.  My unit was made in the USA and it was reasonably priced.  That made it an even better purchase.  This thing cuts through 2 x 4's like butter.  Definitely a good buy.
0,I had bought this Arlington DBVR141W-! low profile weather proof box to use for a hidden remote for one of our job sites worked excellent and the box could be used for receptacles and switch applications as well would recommend this product to anyone.
0,I usually work with 10" blades on my table saw. Going down to a 6" quite a change because you kind of wonder what this little disk will do. I have a Rigid R4510 and that is what is recommended for this particular saw so I ordered a set. Only difference is that mine is silver, not black like the picture. I don't think that matters all so much, but wonder why the difference.		Finally got around to using it and tried out a groove cut on a 24" piece of Ash. It cut a perfectly flat bottomed smooth groove all the way down. Just the two outer blades make a nice cut to put a piece of 1/4" plywood in. Just like I'll be using for the backing of the dresser I'm building. The real test will be running it down the 70" panels next. I'm predicting I'll get excellent results.		If you have a smaller table saw and need dado or groove cuts for a job, get this blade. I can't wait to try it out at max width.
0,It's a light switch cover...  It's thin, it's plastic and it's not Betty Boop.
0,Great connectors for landscape lighting, but it helps to have a tube of silicone to seal the openings that lack a rubber seal.  Easy to use and save a lot of wire in allowing a branch circuit to pick up a stray light here of there.
0,no problem
0,All of the tools feel durable and seems to be made of good quality (but don't quote me on that because this is my first set of tools). I've been told by my uncles that Stanley makes pretty good tools for an affordable price so I went with this tool kit. I have no problem with the snap-on hardcover case. It closes very easily and stores well. I also don't have a problem with the tools falling out once they're in the case. You'll actually hear a "snap" sound once the tools are placed correctly in their slots, so that nothing will fall out when you close the case. I'm pretty satisfied with this tool kit since it has basically everything I need for around the house.
0,my new favorite tool!!!!
0,They look like decent romantic candle flames but give off far less light than an actual candle and are not at all useful for providing any real light source.  Useful for effect only.  Fits in a standard light bulb socket.  Best application is probably for a chandelier just for ambiance or perhaps in combination with blacklights or other halloweenish lighting.
0,Worked well.
0,Fiberglass folding rule is water resistant and very sturdy.  I purchased for the purpose of getting internal measurements and the sliding scale allowed me to do it.  Great product.
0,I've only used this for a few small fix it projects, but so far I love this drill. It is lightweight and fits easily in my small hands, but it also has enough power to really work. The smaller overall size also made it really easy to use in a hard to reach corner where the heavier duty drill I had initially borrowed would not fit.
0,What you pay for is what you get
0,IT WAS CHEAP AND IT WORKS --- I THINK THATS VALUE
0,Very nice level. As good if not better than any others out there
0,A great buy! Love that it's rechargeable (no batteries), the motion-detector works well. Could be brighter (couldn't they all?) but does the job in a small closet space.
0,I'm on my third set. Great gloves. I'm a bit hard on them. Had one set replaced under warranty. Customer service was easy to work with. I like that I can get them in XXL. I have long fingers and they tend to poke through anything smaller.
0,the best tool I like it
0,WAY cheaper than anywhere else, and saved us from having to replace an older kitchen light we love. Work like lightbulbs, go figure!
0,worked well for my art work
0,O.k. and well-constructedbasic RC&Diode meter. Be aware that, according to the instructions, the auto mode may not behave well for R values less than 300 ohms. Does not measure L. If you need that, and other, more sophisticated capabilities, be prepared to shell out serious money for a pair of Smart Tweezers.
0,I like to read in bed, but my bedside lamp doesn't put out enough light to be able to see. It's especially bad if I want to lay on one side to read.		One feature I really find useful is that it can put out different light levels by pressing the on/off button again. Very handy feature when my wife's sleeping.		The task light's great for not only reading, but I've started using it to give extra light for working on electronics projects too. The small head doesn't get in the way of things and I don't need to worry about extra cords all over the place either.		I love this little lamp. Highly recommended.
0,Use these batteries in the summer for blower and weed eater. They hold a charge for about 20 minutes. This not the seller's fault; been using them for years and the time of use has stayed about the same. Battery packed outdoor equipment is a must when you can't use pull cords to start of devices.
0,This product was relatively easy to install. Just review the diagram that indicates which color wires match up with what. The outlet was a tight fit inside of my box, but this may be due to the age of my home (built in 1977) and standard sizes back then. I use this with the Wink hub/app. It did not list this particular brand in the app selection list. So I just chose the "Z-wave" option at the end and it connected just fine. The single "smart" plug on this outlet can be turned on by pressing the button on the outlet. Very convenient if you don't plan to use a remote.
0,Very easy to install, works great.	My wife kept yelling at me for leaving the bathroom vent on all day.	I got this and now she has one less thing to yell at me for.	I got a second one for my other bathroom, as soon as my wife is nice i will install it in her bathroom.
0,I have three of these -- two on the driveway, and one on a post by the front door. They're perfect for coming in from the car or putting out the recycling.		It's been months since my first purchase, and so far there have been no failures. I'm very pleased with the behavior where they shine for about 30 seconds in response to motions.		For the preppers out there, you can hang this device from a wire and then it would be available to grab and go in an emergency. You can use the switch on the back to turn it off, or to turn it on constant mode (rather than motion detect).
0,OK
0,Works fine and its HD. Just take out your screw from the plug cover, then put it over your cover and screw it in.
0,Used this to cure UV glue on a glass counter top. Worked great!
0,I used to carry a knife in the woods, but this thing is more lethal than any knife I have. But for real, its very sharp which makes it easy to break open some pretty tough rocks. A geologist dream, definitely nice to get your own quality hammer (like this one) and get away from the 250 year old university ones that broke Jesus out of the tomb and are not dull as crap.
0,Nice warm color and they don't get hot!
0,Used it to keep my basement door closed so my toddler wouldnt fall down the stairs.	works very well,  easy to install,  and the price here was good.
0,I LOVE them.  they are really nice.  LOVE< LOVE< LOVE them!!
0,Cute, easy to install, and easy on-off of the TP roll. Removed one star because the brown paint patina looks kind of cheap. I spray painted mine black to match my black cast iron fixtures and the flat black gave it a much nicer, rich iron appearance.
0,Man this lamp does not disappoint! It was just as described. But to my surprise it was even better in person. Looks like an iphone at first then you open it up to desired position and hit switch to desired output. It arrived ready to use. I only charged for about 10mins and have used it several times without light dimming at all. I used the 1st setting only and thats bright enough though when walking through house at night when all lights are off I do use the highest. I love this lamp. At first when I saw the charge cord I started laughing. I mean this thing is about a foot long. But all you have to do is charge it up on the floor and then remove the cord,you will have light for weeks. I am going to buy another one or two. I am a taxi driver at night and I keep it in my cab incase I get a flat .This lamp will light up things nicely and make the process a lot easier! Can't comment on lifespan as I've only owned for a few weeks but so far so good. And for the price you can't beat it! Go ahead buy one and give it a try. I guarantee you'll be buying some more. OH and no I don't work for these guys just an honest customer giving an honest review. Trust me when product is poor I'm just as honest except with brutally in front. Happy shopping!;)
0,okay
0,The gloves are great but the packaging looked like it was a return and thrashed around for months.
0,The switch works great and looks beautiful but it requires a little more skill than just "plug and play" to install and to get it to work on your internet and with the app.  The wiring is confusing:  there are two black wires and a neutral (white) because the box needs power when the light is off to sense the internet.  Depending on whether the switch you are replacing is the last on that particular electrical run or is located in the middle somewhere with power continuing on to the next switch or plug means different wiring requirements.  They probably need better wiring diagrams:  I have three of these switches, love them, but I really didn't know what I was doing and just tried different things (pigtail a white wire for sure and pigtail a black wire on one).  The switch does pick up your internet but it's a little squirrely if you are working with internet extenders in your house.  Don't give up, it's worth it.  Last thing:  it is difficult to rename or regroup this item once you've set it in the app or in your home assistant (Google or Alexa) - I'm still working that issue because my lighting setup changed when I bought the second one.  I think I will have to remove the appearance of my 3 switches and reconfigure them in the software with the new names.  The price has come down so these are now a much better value.
0,Feels like high quality extensions (at a great price) plus a lifetime warranty from Tekton!
0,These worked great, no Flyaways!
0,Works great with my Hunter fan. It added the reverse feature that the fan did not have.
0,So far, I've had good use out of these pliers.  They're solidly-built, which is an obvious and absolute must for hand tools.  The only non-metal part of the pliers appears to be the grips, which is another good sign--plastic usually falls apart nearly instantly.  The adjustibility is controlled by an easy-to-use button and the design is simple enough that you couldn't possibly get it wrong.  Of course, this is probably the element that'll eventually break, but there's no telling how long it'll last.  So far, it seems like these pliers will be with me for the rest of my days.
0,ok
0,These are great and look just the way they are described and appear above. I did wear these at the range with my prescription glasses beneath, and the oversized frame and lens were very accommodating as they were meant to be! No issues there, I don't have very big glasses but the frame is very square and I had no issues. I did like the yellow lens and it brighten up the dark shooting range well. For what they are and priced, they work great. I would leave off one star because I was fogging up after about 15 minutes wearing them. The fog wasn't bad but it wasn't minor either. If they came in anti-fog versions I would definitely buy a pair even if it was a few dollars more. Overall, worth it and you won't feel like your cheaping out with purchasing these.
0,Years ago I bought what I thought was a professional grade Soldering iron. Bench style, fully adjustable  with LCD read out and the wire iron holder with the little wet sponge deal, the works. I didn't need all of that but I figured why not? After only a few uses and just past the one year warranty, the LCD read out went dark then the whole deal folded on me like cheap lawn furniture. So I bought this one on a lightning deal and if it fades on me at least I ain't out of much money. Even if I only get several uses out of it, it will beat the "pro" model. I will see.
0,Great product. Love it.
0,good
0,This is a quality product that is durable, effective and quiet; installation is not really much more involved than a standard vent fan/light.  One can be installed near the shower, the other in the "water closet," the lights can be switched independently by separate switches, and the remote fan can be operated from both locations; a timer for the fan switch is a convenient feature.  You will need to purchase both 4" and 6" vent duct; puting a lazy S bend in the ducts will make it even quieter.  We routinely renovate residential bathrooms, and I use this product whenever I need both good air movement and two vents in the same bathroom.  I do generally swap out the bulbs for LED equivalents, though.
0,Saltus Wrenches are hard to find. Snap On wants 400 bucks for there's. Carlyle wants 200 bucks for there's. So 20 bucks is an excellent price for these. I am a professional and I use my tools a lot. But I don't abuse. Any Gorilla can break a tool. I buy many tools and have good luck with all. Including Snap On,Tekton,Pittsburg Pro,Craftsmen,Etc.
0,Just used this nailer today for a remodel project. I drove in several 16 common nails through joist hangers. This little nailer was AWESOME! It did not fail to do what I needed it to do. I think it is well worth the asking price. Don't hesitate, get one.	KHOP
0,great for under desk bought the hi/low switch at H D much cheaper
0,As expected. Not much to say except they work great and perform well
0,works well if you don't want to paint much best for touch up or need a single coat on a project.
0,A perfect fit and excellent quality!
0,This part fixed a problem with a very good faucet. My old one sprayed all over in random directions. I tried soaking in vinegar but no luck.	I took a chance ordering this part to see if it matched the finish and it did. It solved the spray problem. i thought that the part was priced well. Very glad Amazon had this spray head.
0,Love this kit!  I have used almost all of the attachments around the house.  The attachments are easy to change and all work well.  Great job to B&D on this one.  Note: It doesn't come with router bits, but does come with reciprocating saw and jig saw blades and sanding pad and rotary saw blade. Works as advertised.  Perfect for this handy man.  Can I say that I love the Matrix system.  Keep in mind that you can also purchase the craftsman "bolt on" series attachments and they work well too.
0,Holds a nest cam on the wall! Works great!
0,Verry good cut quickly
0,Great ladder for the price.  Very light weight.
0,I purchased one of these at a local store for one of our toilets that was hissing and decided to order a second from amazon for our second toilet because I was so happy with the first one.  I have minimal handy experience and was able to install in in about 10 minutes with just a bucket and a wrench (which I only needed to loosen the one previously installed).  Instructions were clear and easy to follow and so far the product has held up nicely.
0,Great if you know how to use it. Painted it black and the color stayed well. Used it to install a door as a sliding barn door & it works/ looks great.
0,Easy to install and looks amazing! I kept thinking that the screen door was wide open when it was not.
0,I brought for my sister in law and she love and glad to have two pair instead one . She very happy because she cut her finger and now she won't cut her finger
0,Love this little light "stick".  Bright white light comes on quickly when sensing motion and off 15 seconds after leaving the space. Very useful and will purchase a second one for another problem area where we need light but don't want to go through the trouble and expense of running wire, installing a junction box, a switch and then purchasing a light fixture when this little stick will do just fine.
0,replaced 15-y/o detectors in home we purchased this summer... unfortunately the home inspectors only tested the existing alarms, they never checked to see that the existing alarms were past their recommended useful life by 3-years.	This model included CO which was mandatory code for bedrooms in our previous home... all up to date.	This model was a near direct replacement for the old units, 5-minutes to remove and install each unit.
0,Really well made. I'm mostly measuring moisture content in various stacks of firewood to determine an ideal seasoning time.	The tool is well made and pretty simple to operate. You'll want to hold onto the instructions since there is a need to cross reference with a temperature chart (or at least do a simple calculation), and you need to make sure the device it set for the right species of wood.	It fits great in a chest pocket so it is easy to carry without a fear of having the (super sharp) probes stick you in the leg if you put it in your pocket without first placing the protective cover over the probes.
0,Easy enough for me to learn on and make welds on my garden tractor mowing deck that have held up all season in tough terrain.
0,Nice looking...even though it's cheap plastic, it doesn't look that way on the ceiling.
0,So easy to install! Took it out of the box and had it in the sump pit and pumping water in less than 15 minutes. It has been working flawlessly for past couple of weeks. Very nice product.
0,Keeps my cash and valuables safe and close by, without letting my nemesis know where,...
0,Klein Tools... Made in USA. Nice set. Not fancy... just solid.
0,Havent opened one to try one.  But nice number of emergency water packets to keep in a go-bag / in the car.  Better than dealing with bulky bottles.
0,perfect easy to install.
0,Works well.
0,Exactly as described fast shipping
0,I purchased this hook hoping tho user it for my rakes and shovels in the garage but their handles are took big so I moved it inside for my cleaning items. Love that my items are no longer shoved between my washer and dryer. They start in place and did not fall install was not so fun. Pieces fell out easily but once it was up ir stayed up. No trouble at all. Very sturdy. It is now holding a swifter wet jet, swiffer sweeper, broom, an mop. Also has hooks on the end to hold my swifter dusted.
0,I prefer the type of LED lighting that mimics incandescent lighting. The 2700 degree Kelvin light emitted from that type of bulb is easier on my eyes, vs. the 5000 degrees Kelvin bulb. I even have software on my computer which shifts the screen colors to a more vision friendly, redder hue after sunset. Its easier on my eyes. Some also claim that the whiter light after dark can impair our natural sleep patterns. Thus, the Torchstar Warm White bulb (sent to me at no charge for me to publish a review) is my choice for indoors. This color temperature bulb is really nice for a reading lamp, in the bathroom, or other areas where the harsher Daylight bulbs would not be wanted. If this bulb was to be used in the laundry room, I would have opted for the 5000 degree K. Daylight bulb instead. The bulb is not oversized, and would fit in just about any fixture. There no unsightly cooing fins to detract from the appearance. The bulbs are instant-on, and dimmable.
0,works well
0,Love this light - I ended up ordering another one.  I use it in my walk-in closet as it allows me to grab something in the morning without waking up my hubby with the full light.
0,Works like it should, glad I bought it.
0,These work flawlessly with my ADT system.  Installed and set up in minutes.  They just work now...
0,I was surprised to see how bright this flashlight is with just one AA battery. I will be ordering more to have one flashlight for each room. Very handy flashlight because you can use either 14500 rechargable battery or AA battery. It doesn't have a high quality feel to it but gets the job done very well. Great EDC (Every Day Carry) backup light.
0,Outstanding is probably the one word I can use to describe this product. I only review 5 star products and 1 star products. This one is a 5.
0,I have used these before for applying flax when soldering my stained glass pieces.
0,Well made, easy to use, super bright. Bought these for my Dad and will buy some for me to replace several old lights.
0,Nice bright small pen light good to use anywhere you need light but not a bulky flashlight. Reasonably priced and shipped fast. Well made.  Thank You
0,Haven't noticed any reduction in suction at all, which is great, and emptying the bag is so much better (and way, way cleaner) than dumping the canister and knocking the filter clean.
0,is what it is. a demo breaker bar
0,My husband bought this little Light Keeper Pro (LKP) gadget a couple of years ago but we actually had never used it (he got it on sale when he was picking up some extra bulbs & thought it would be good for the future)).  This year (2012) when we set up our 3 year old 7.5' pre-lit artificial CHRISTMAS tree there were 4 whole sections out on the bottom 1/3 portion of the tree (they were fine in 2011).		I went through all the sockets to see if any lights were loose or had popped out that would cause the outage but none were missing (if a bulb burns out the strand will still light). I remembered we had the Light Keeper Pro but really didn't think it would work.		Dang, was I wrong! I simply followed the instructions on the back card... followed the plugged in light strand with the power sensor in the LKP to locate the offending bulb, popped it out, inserted the empty socket into the recepticle in the LKP, gave the trigger about 6 shots (one line took a couple of tries), each light strand lit up! (I was shocked, actually). I even reinserted the bulbs that appeared to be the problem and they now work too! The entire tree is now lit up (we have a few burned out lights but there's too many on the tree to begin with so they're not missed; I didn't even try to replace them).		One important tip when searching the light strand for the offending bulb/socket:		Aside from making sure the problem strand (or whole tree) is plugged into a power outlet, be PATIENT with the LKP's sensor. You may need to first have it sense a light strand that IS WORKING before running it along a non-working strand. You may need to do this a few times during the trouble-shooting process. This is a MINOR step. Think of it as being similar to a Stud Finder when looking for a wood beam in a wall-you need to do that process of running the stud finder several times back & forth along the wall before making the decision to drive the screw or nail into the wall.		If you exercise patience you'll have your light strand working in a matter of minutes. Just think of how much time (& money) you'll save by repairing the light strand on your pre-lit CHRISTMAS tree (while it's still ON the tree) vs. having to replace each strand of non-working lights.  This is a No Brainer in my opinion!  >^..^<
0,I bought Two 2 for my bathroom mirror and I couldn't have made a better choice ! And lady's it will make your dream come true for make up dreams ! They are wonderful.
0,Great Product Fast Delivery++++++
0,Little but powerful.
0,Love the quality,love it!
0,well they are vacuum bags.. what could be bad
0,I am totally impressed with this unique and stylish LED lamp. Worth every penny as far as I'm concerned. Am considering additional purchases!
0,I got these after I broke the tip off my existing set of leads.  I like the assortment of ends you can use.  They make using my volt meter much easier now that I have the correct lead for application.
0,Finally I found a light bulb that worked for my salt lamp
0,Awesome headlight, batteries last a really long time, adjustability is great. Its comfortable and plenty bright I usually use on low power and wide focus which provides ample lighting. 2nd time purchasing this light because I ran over my first one after years of regular use
0,A bit pricey but easy to install and worth your safety. I have these on all my ladders now and love them on our hilly 16 acres. I would never feel safe without them. If you choose to slide out to assist installation be sure to reinstall the safety pin or screw before using...and don't lose the spring! Also easy to adjust with the ladder standing. Last a good 10 years even if stored in the elements. Then the feet might rust off. Inspect once a year.
0,A good drill for light weight household use.  The batteries are same as several other tools I have which is a plus.
0,I was looking for a sturdy utility knife, and this one did not let me down. The mechanism used for keeping the knife locked open isn't my favorite, but it's a pretty minor thing overall.
0,Well made, sturdy construction.  I love the alabaster shades.  It will be beautiful once installed.
0,Works w/ my RO system.	No issues.	Looks great.
0,the oil itself worked great on my fireplace mantel but it was very hard to open the twist top can
0,The only issue I have with this product is that the ends are larger than any other cord I've owned. It's sometimes it's struggle to get things plugged it in.
0,Nicely designed product. Magnetic and hook options with swivel base is nice. Micro USB charge with 12 /120 v charge options.		Only down side is no battery level indicator.
0,I now have 4 of these so they are so good I got more for all of my sockets. The price is very nice for what it gives you. I got the twist locks as I saw these were made of plastic and wouldn't hold up as well as the old metal rails. The sockets load up diagonally and with 1/8 turn they lock in place so you must twist them off. I've only come across one mount which doesn't work well but you can pop the mounts off with a flathead screwdriver. The grooved sides allows you to move your sockets to your wants and they'll stay in place with all the banging around as you carry them around the garage. I don't use the tray as my drawer is too shallow to keep the sockets upright but it's cheaper to buy the multipl tray units and just remove the lower tray. The rails do lock in place in the tray so you can carry the whole set with ease.	Be sure to buy the proper length. You can buy extra mounts but you can't shrink the rail so be more concerned about sizing.	There are stops at the ends so the mounts don't slide off.	Stickers are included to label the sized on each mount which helps a lot to quickly find what you're looking for. I don't feel like they will stay as you're placing them on plastic and the sticky side doesn't feel very sticky but time will tell if they fall off. You're mounting them on a corner to be able to read the size from the top or side so I feel like they'll peel off by themselves soon but I will try to come back after a few months for an update on the stickers.	(I added ratchet holders to my order so those mounts do not come with this product)
0,Wonderful faucet. Easy to install and very well made. And the price was awesome!!	UPDATE:	I had forgotten to mention the customer service had emailed me to see if I was happy. A couple of months later the sprayer stopped switching from spray to stream so I emailed them back and they mailed me a replacement spray head! Im so thrilled to find a company who backs their products!!
0,Fabulous
0,good stuff for cheap item , it not measure Accurately voltage 100% but it look like 95% of accuracy measurement just for voltage , and there is small problem with the back side of the LED panel it doesn't have no cover its not the big problem but for more safe it must be cover from behind .
0,These are awesome!!! would buy again.
0,Delivered  quickly and worked as intended.
0,Hard to beat this thing for the money.
0,Great price, fast shipping. Programming unit very straightforward, does wonderful at controlling furnace :-). Purchased to replace similar existing unit. Have used the VisionPro at 2 other homes, VERY happy with dependability, and ease of use
0,Nothing special here but it get's the job done and is reasonably priced.
0,This clamp is good for holding face frame pieces to insure they line up evenly.  They are well made and I expect them too last a long time.  Do pay attention to what you plan to use them for.  There is another, similar set that will allow you to hold two pieces at right angles when driving pocket screws.  The two clamps serve different purposes, so be sure to get the one you need.  Of course, you could buy them both and then be ready for whatever you want to do.
0,Works perfectly
0,I'm not really sure how this is different from the regular WD-40, but I've been pleaseD with it.  I was surprised how well it worked on the pasture gate.  It does need to be reapplied after some months, but it seems to last a good while even in wet areas.
0,The laces could be straps, but i guess its a one size fits all solution. Looks great fits all my wrenches.
0,Great tough set and exspansive.
0,Works as advertise
0,great set .very handy to have
0,These work perfectly and although Lightstory claims this bulb is non-dimmable they do dim and work better than another LED candelabra bulb I tried. There is no flickering or buzzing and the filament style light is elegant. I would buy these again.
0,A little too big to carry in your pocket but does what it says on the tin. Good value.
0,Great single use size and easy to take with you except if you need a lot of water it can get heavy
0,The bit holders serve the purpose for which they were purchased.  I wish the magnets were a bit stronger and holes recessed a little more, but otherwise are a nice complement to my drill/driver set.
0,Good
0,Not as advertised only 5.5 inches  not the 8.8 that specs state
0,These Elvex safety glasses are wonderful.  They are ballistic rated safety glasses and fit well over most sizes of glasses.  I have wide rectangular lenses and these fit great.
0,I REALLY LIKE THIS PRODUCT .. SOLID TOP QUALITY FOR A FAIR PRICE ... PERFECT CONFIGURATION FOR OUTDOOR FLOOD LIGHTS THAT I BELIEVE WILL LAST FOR MY LIFETIME AND BEYOND.
0,Works great
0,Better than expected...plenty good for an experienced DIYer.
0,Great tool. works amazing. a lot cheaper than the box stores.
0,Does the job of cleaning the lip when you cut with a tube cutter a pipe.		I used it on 1/2" galvanized water pipes.  It cleans nicely around pipe and inside the sharp metal sharts left from cutting or threading.		A little pricey, but it does a better job than the countersink.  I recommend using both.
0,Very ggod price.
0,Purchased to use with my electric edger.  Cord seems to be holding up very well with no visible signs of excess wear and tear from dragging it across my driveway and over sidewalks.
0,Great product great price fast shipping
0,No bigger than an ink pen. Will be a handy addition to my tool box or to carry in the car.
0,Two hacks (I use these under the bed for a low glow across the floor, but not in the eyes, in case of getting up in the middle of the night):	1. I found the light was too bright and white so I taped some red craft paper over the lighted area.  Now it doesn't blind me.	2. Constantly changing the batteries can be annoying, so I modified it to use an external power supply. It uses 6 volts, measured at a modest 35mA when the lamp is on, and tiny 0.06mA when the lamp is off (and just looking for motion). Thus I found a 6V 200mA transformer from Jameco (p/n 19052) and a 2.1mm inline jack (p/n 159611) and soldered an auxiliary cable into the Mr. Beams so it now runs on AC power.  (By wiring in parallel to the battery circuit, it can still be run by batteries OR by the AC adapter, but never both at the same time.)
0,I put this light on my Glock 22 Gen4. First the negatives: I don't like that it protrudes past the barrel. It makes it hard to find a holster and it covers the end in powder residue. Luckily it is fairly easy to clean up with a little alcohol and cotton swabs.	Positives: This sucker is BRIGHT! I can light up street signs 6 blocks down (not saying I did, just saying I can). The strobe function is disorienting to me from behind the light, I can't imagine being in front of it. It is possible to lock the strobe on by pushing it up once then down very fast into the locking position. It is superb in durability. I haven't had a chance to drain the battery thought so not sure how long it will actually last before I have to change it, but so far so good.
0,This unit is a top seller, probably because of the price. It's well built, and heavy enough to stand up when holding things. I have used it to hold some tiny wires and solder, but the magnifying glass is tiny and my eyes are bad so I guess I'm still gonna have to get glasses for soldering ;-)		I would suggest getting a larger unit, but, if you just want something real cheap to get by, this is a great starter.
0,The remotes were missing for my new house. As the opener was ancient I didn't even bother to look for replacements. Bought one of these hooked it up in parallel with my existing button. In addition to having a new remote I also have 2 buttons. This should win product of the year!
0,Key Box mounts great and holds all the keys needed and more.		Thank You
0,I purchased two of these and built a stone pathway.  It turned out great.  These are very easy to use and having two of them makes work go much faster.  While one is setting up you can move on to the next.
0,good
0,Replacement batteries are sometimes hard to come by and if you have a lot of money invested in 18v equipment it is better to buy replacement batteries that a whole new set of drills and saws.  Batteries work great and supply plenty of power for Porter Cable equipment.
0,good light and very friendly also helpful with my work
0,So far it's been good .
0,You'd never guess they are steel toe ..
0,I've had this compressor now for about 2 years and it has been an awesome unit. I have a small wood shop and this unit has performed flawlessly. I have even done some home remodeling with it. I would recommend this compressor to anyone looking to buy one.
0,works great
0,I have a fan that has a remote control and love it but I also have several that don't have remote. I looked at the local stores and online but most were too expensive.		I fount that the Universal remote kit was exactly like the ones offered in the local stores at a fraction of the price.		Once I got the product I found that it exactly like the one I have on my current ceiling fan.		Installation is a breeze if you follow the instructions. The only problem I had was fitting the receiver into the ceiling fan.
0,Works as advertised
0,This tool is excellent for my needs. Great to hold things in place while the glue sets.
0,Great night light but the cat likes to sleep next to it, touch it and change the colors!
0,These were just the right size for some replacements for old pocket door rollers,	(House built in 1972,)		PERFECT!		SWEET!		I DO think their good!
0,Perfect!
0,Received this item 2 days after ordering it.		Was very impressed with the look/quality. Additionally, I was awed by the handwritten note thanking for the purchase. Included was documentation explaining the build of the filter and how to take care of it. It installed easily in the vent it was purchased for. I will update at a later time once I have used it for several months and cleaned it. Hoping that I have found a company to use to replace the 3 other filters in our house.
0,Received as expected.  Very easy to get working.
0,I have a couple of these that I purchased from Lowes (Kobalt brand), and was expecting same quality and method of locking.  The method used on these doesn't seem like they would hold a bit securely, but they do just fine.  They were priced quite reasonably and they seem to work, so I am pleased.		Shipped quickly.
0,I don't mind noise when it's locking, but it would be better if just a bit quieter.  Other than that, an excellent dead bolt lock for use in your alarm or other Z-Wave controlling system.
0,Nice quality, does the job
0,easy to install
0,Great set-up, i purchased 2 of the rails and just had to trim the neoprene to get a better fit, my only other improvement would be to provide 2 connecting rods for stability.
0,Sometimes you need a third hand to hold something while you work on it. For small rectangular objects like circuit boards, this will do the trick.
0,Arrived as described..
0,I bought this for practice knowing that Abus is a little better respected lock.  Possessing almost no skill I was able to open many cheap padlocks easily but the Abus is leaving me defeated so far.  It also has a much nicer build quality and finish than most in its price range.  I recommend it!
0,will keep buying more.  i like these.  heavy duty
0,The action was pretty stiff out of the box, but with a little fine tuning and some lubrication it slicked right up. Good looking knife. The clip carries pretty deep. I am overall very happpy.
0,Easy to install and provides a nice finished look.
0,I'm a Nitecore nut. This is my fourth and it's another good one. I own an EC25 Cobra, an SRT 7 Revenger a P36 and now the EC4S. Each of my Nitecore lights have different characteristics. I like this one because it's 2000 lumens in a smaller and lighter package than my P36. Also, the EC4S has a whiter light than the P36. The P36 has the controls on the tail of the body while the EC4S has them towards the front on the side. I prefer this because of the way I like to carry my light. The P36's tail controls either take two hands to adjust or you have to hold it over-hand so you can keep a thumb on the tail. The EC4S can comfortably be held under-hand while easily accessing the controls. The EC4S might be small enough to carry on my belt, maybe, but it's not likely going to replace my EC25 in that position. The EC4S seems a bit more floody than the P36. When I shine them on the ceiling, the P36 has a very bright center while the EC4S is more spread out. Once I take them out in the dark I'll have more to say.
0,Good quality and very affordable.
0,great for storage
0,The best concrete crack sealer ever made.
0,I live backed up to a small woods and I like to see what critters are back there before letting the dog out at night. This flashlight is really BRIGHT and will light up a large area no problem. As a few other reviewers have said, it's not a Surefire. The red ring is plastic and if you drop it you could ruin the flashlight. OK, I guess that's true, I haven't dropped it so I don't know. Also the button on the end is kind of hard to operate with your thumb because it doesn't protrude from the end. I glued a thick little rubber washer on the end and fixed that problem.  Little things like that detract from the product, but to me they're tiny complaints. I knew it wasn't a Surefire when I bought it, but for 25 bucks or so it's very cool. For me it's just about perfect.		Nebo's system of model numbers is kind of confusing, as far as I can tell all the Nebo's that say Redline and 220 lumens are all the same regardless of model number, only the packaging varies. Amazon has various Redline model numbers at different prices, I'd say just buy the cheapest one. Bottom line- for normal homeowner use I would unhesitatingly recommend this flashlight.		Update: Like others have said, drop this thing on the red plastic ring and it does break and wreck the flashlight. I learned that the hard way. It's a great light and I'll probably get another one, but next time I'll tape it to cushion it if it falls. Nebo should address this problem as it is a weakness on an otherwise fine flashlight.
0,I got these to put outside my house. I am IN LOVE with them. They are wonderful. You can see them form up the street, and they have a wonderful charge on them. They will last all night, and be very bright in the morning. The thing I love most about them is the color. It is so unique from everyone along our road and is not a well sought out color to put on the house. But for me, it looks like a fairy tale on my house and I will be buying more in the future. They have two different buttons on them, one is an on and off switch and the other is a pule or constantly on light. I have enjoyed all of the settings as each has its own purpose.		My favorite part, is that no one else has them and when wrapped around a tree they sparkle. I have them all around the property and they look so nice in the dark. I ca not tell you how pleased I am with this purchase!		I have received this product at a discounted or free rate in exchange for my honest review. I would buy this product again, without much thought. I really enjoyed working with the seller and the listing was honest and true. It also came in a timely manner and was packed well.
0,They work on fittings, round square..any shape and they fit tight and won't slip...I use them on my radiator fittings..to rmove round studs..I just used them to remove a pressed on end cap on my cat converter for my old plymouth..Grabbed it perfect and did not crush the tube...You must have these for all purpose use..Great quality!
0,Nice...
0,bOUGHT THIS FOR PAINTING BUT IT IS ALSO A GREAT READING LAMP.  CATS ALSO ENOY SLEEPING UNDER IT.  THIS PRICE IS CONSIDERABLY LESS THAN ART SUPPLY HOUSES
0,The telescoping part is now almost impossible to move after a month of use, way too much friction to move it now. The flashlight is amazing though!
0,The stablizer maybe make a little difference but I think that it also depends on the quality of the saw blade, the laser cut blades are a lot more true then the stamped blades
0,LOVE IT
0,Excellent opener.  I love how far these have come in since the models from 10 years ago.  Easy install, easy setup.
0,The primary energy savings from this design is not even mentioned by the manufacturer:  a can light is a six inch hole cut into a cold attic.  All winter long cold air pours out of the attic through the can light and has to be made up for by the furnace.  This design seals the hole; the net effect of my (17) can replacement is that of shutting an open window.  Ditto for the heat from the can lights during the summer, all of which has to be removed by the AC.		My (17) cans now use 1,000 less watts and have 3.3 SF less area open to the attic.  They will pay for themselves in months, not years.
0,Nice well built electronic timer. Use this for pool-pump and lights. Easy to program and to adjust as needed. Excellent product.
0,I feel like this should come with drills and impacts. I don't know if this is a corporate conspiracy to nickel and dime us, but I have to imagine this would cost a lot less if included with tools.		As far as the product goes seems good. Solid, heavy duty. I would recommend putting thread locker on the screw though so you don't loose it.
0,Cool Tool
0,Perfect replacement for original warped flapper. Also solved problem of frozen water dispenser hose by eliminating the cold air that was pouring down threw the old warped flapper.
0,was as expected.
0,Very nice plate. It is exactly as pictured and the color it pretty true to what you see. Well worth the money. It is not that cheap plastic it has a little	weight to it, looks great in my hall way, really dresses up the wall. I am very happy with it.
0,Love the carabiner hooks because they can't slip off what they are hooked to.
0,We have multiple cutter, this 8" is great but not the best compare to ours. Would still recommend if you are within budget :)
0,Best seen yet
0,nice light socket with ceramic housing.
0,Before this, I was using a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Mr-Scrappy-MST-10-Disposer-Tool-Cutlery-Guard-Plunger-Scraper-Stopper/dp/B000JQPMPI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Mr. Scrappy MST-10 Disposer Tool, Cutlery Guard, Plunger, Scraper, Stopper</a>. It held up for two years before I needed to replace it. That one has the advantage of being able to act as a stopper as well. However, it's less robust than this one. The Danko one pushes down slightly farther than the splash guard, which is all that is needed. It's a lot easier to fit into the splash guard without paying too much attention to direction. It doesn't have thin, messy gaskets that accumulate food waste, and make things hard to clean. This mostly just sits there, except when you need to push food down, which is all I need. The rubber part isn't flimsy and there's no place for food to get trapped, so the unit stays cleaner.
0,Nice tools at good price!
0,Great screwdriver. Full size handle with substantial weight. Not like tiny screwdrivers out there. Works great! It has four PH sizes 0-3 , four flat heads sizes 1/8, 3/16, 9/32 and 1/4. It also has two small star looking ones sizes T10 and T20 and two hex sizes 3/16 and 5/32. I just got it at the Lowes store for about half the price; not this current price of $19.99. It is very easy to use since it has arrows that show you what to do if you want to rachet to the left or to the right. No more guesswork here. Hope it continues to work as well as it looks.
0,Good quality tool as expected from Makita.
0,Smooth operation, good color match for my cover plates, and cheaper than locally available products made for LEDs.
0,Great for straight line cutting with circular saw.
0,Pretty decent.
0,good
0,Easy to install if you read the instructions.	Charges my Nexus 7 and Nexus 5 with no problems.	Fits in well with the other Leviton outlets, plus, I didn't need to change the wall plate.	Now I don't have to have chargers plugged into this, freeing up two sockets
0,nice little candle light
0,I love these lights. While they are more than the typical white plastic ones from Walmart, they are fantastic. Ive waited for a while then I finally purchased them. I don't know why I waited so long. They look great under my kitchen cabinets and the entry hall. I would buy 20 for all around the house. UPDATE- 5 months later and they work perfectly. I have 4 and waiting on my 5th was to be delivered today. Great for the bathroom as well and now the new one for under the kitchen island so it lights up the wal at night.
0,Works fine to keep my pond pump going when I want it to run.  Only adjustable by the half-hour on or off, but that is close enough for my use.  I like the waterproof design.
0,GOOD QUALITY PRODUCT
0,Awesome, What can i say. its the future of smoke alarms.. i have it wired into my house.. if it was running off of a battery i don't know how much i would injoy it (what with the heavier then normal battery usage ... Wifi... vocal warning and all) but i love myn. Love love love it. even the silly little pathway light... actually makes a difference! and works! (never though i needed my smoke alarm to guide my hallway but its nice that it logs all that. i can look back and see the motion sensor activation.
0,Works great!
0,Cut right through 1" concrete topped with stucco.  Surprised me how easily it did the job.  Good price and fast shipping!
0,This is great!  I love it.  Took me a little time to figure out how to work it.  Don't think I needed the two-setting version.  I only use the "wash" setting because with just a wee bit of squirming, I get water to all the right places.
0,I ordered these for stocking stuffers for Christmas. I can not begin to count how many times this would have come in handy for opening something so fortified in plastic but didn't have a knife or scissors. I have struggled time and time again trying to score a plastic case with a key to get at what I needed inside. With one of these on my keychain, I will never have to struggle through that again.
0,Fast, smooth action along with the sturdiness of Kershaw.
0,It fit very snugly
0,I bought this for my husband, so he can start operating the garage door from his car. It was super easy to set up (took about literally 20 seconds). It works every time!		I recommend that you call your garage door maker to see if this is compatible. This was my first step, and they directed me to this product. It arrived within a couple of days.  I was not disappointed!
0,I have not had to use this yet, but it is one more layer of my prepper planning.  Expect it will live up to its reputation if I need it, and hope that I never do.
0,This is my 2nd one as I broke the 1st (my fault using pliers tip prying hard). Did not hesitate to buy another.	Useful a lot at work so I'm not always making a trip to the tool area, plus home, fishing etc.	Fit/finish is good. Small & easy pocket carry.
0,Unbeatable price! These tips are NOT inferior to DeWalt or Milwaukee. I almost went through the entire box for a 12' by 24' deck. I highly recommend these tips as!
0,First of all it is a beautiful but not intrusive design. I had intended to mount it on al wall but discovered it worked in every room of my house.  I mainly keep it in the living room but if I'm doing laundry or using the vacuum I take it with me so I don't miss any rings.
0,I can't give this enough stars! I purchased to put on the back trunk lid of my truck, and it has transformed the way I can now see things. Very impressed with the light it puts out. I had to buy two more just because you can use these anywhere and it will transform the look.
0,Had not had one in our house before but after this purchase will not go back to a closed lid.
0,Attention getting color.  Maybe he won't get hit by a truck again while riding his bicycle.
0,Great sink!  I have had it installed for a year now, and no problems at all.  Beautiful modern update to a vintage 70's carpeted bathroom.  What is nice about a vessel sink is it raises the height of the sink, and therefore makes it easier to function in the bathroom, when you are dealing with a lower vanity cabinet, like they used to make in the 70's.  The sinks have taken a few unintended bumps and no chips so far.
0,These have been working great for us along our stairway. The ceiling light blew out and it would take a scaffolding ladder to change the bulb. (Thanks, David Weekley Homes!) We're older and not up to dealing with that. Perhaps someday when we have the painters come in, they'll be kind enough to change that bulb, but meanwhile, we're much safer, and of course these will work even if there's a power outage. In order to avoid damaging the walls and woodwork, I installed them using the tapes that are designed for Command hooks. You just have to plan that so that you will have the proper clearance to pull the adhesive out properly (read the labels on the Command products).
0,Great fit,  Great price
0,The reason I purchased this, had a 3/4" pvc elbo fitting close to water heater blow apart. Luckily, we were home at the time and close to the breach. Main unit works great! Would have given five stars but for the sensor. Tested several times, water only shuts off via robots through my Wink system. Will not shut off directly from the sensor. I bought two extra sensors, ended up sending one back because it would not program. One sensor takes one minute and forty five seconds to shut off water and the other takes two minutes and twelve seconds. That is better than having water to continually flood my house but could be better if the sensor would shut off the water directly. Also, the sensors should be powered same as main unit with a/c main power and battery backup. The sensor batteries have a short lifespan. Haven't had it very long, sensor batteries are already to 80%, main unit batteries still 100%.
0,I have ordered these twice.  They work very well for a porch lite on similar application.  Would be fine as a night light in a table lamp as well.  They come on and off well even if the light sensor winds up facing the back side of the outdoor fixture.
0,Awesome product at an awesome price.
0,Use at work,  great product.
0,American Standard 2004.014.020 Champion-4 Elongated One-Piece Toilet, White, its been two weeks so far so good, no clogs and for also I got the seat separately and both the seat and lid are slow close.
0,Super nice on your knees great for automotive tasks, garden, anywhere you need to kneel and work on something low on a hard surface. Durability has been very good as well.
0,Works great and price is right!
0,very helpfull
0,Fairly easy install. Compact design. consider the 3/4 hp model for more power.
0,Lights work well.  Monitoring bill to see if reduced.
0,I bought this respirator to use with an insecticide fogger. I've found the respirator to be generally well-made and comfortable enough for my usual 15 minute fogging session.  I have to assume it filters well, as I cannot smell the insecticide fog while I have the respirator on.  The filter cartridges are replaceable, but I don't see doing that for some time.  I think this product is a good value.
0,I have an Arris T862G modem from Comcast and this battery worked perfectly. After loosing power last week, I realized the importance of having a backup battery in our cable modem. This is easy to install and has a long battery life.
0,Just used this to help me build another computer. Extremely helpful both for magnifying the motherboard for connections and for the light output to make it easy to see what I was doing in a smaller computer case. Saved me at least an hour in aggravation. Thank you.		Update 9/2/17: Just bought an additional one for my wife who is an artist. She works on both digital and physical media, and right now it's that physical art that this light is helping her creating in a far more comfortable and precise way than ever before. She's really impressed with the light's output and magnifying power.
0,This is an excellent tool kit for the hobbyist; our son has been racing (and wrecking) remote control vehicle for years, and has learned to do his own work on servos, power supplies, speed controls, and just about every other piece of hardware on the car.		This set seems to be extremely high quality, and our son claimed it as his (it now sit on his work bench in the garage).		If you have a similar need and looking for a set like this, the quality seems to be second to none.		Recommended		Go for it		We received this item gratis from the seller, without obligation, and decided to objectively test and review it. My statements in this Amazon listing's review reflect that testing experience.
0,Excellent Product!!
0,The only reason why I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is because one of the tips is just an adapter for 2 of the other tips to fit. Still a nice blower though...I would recommend.
0,These work great for the final polish of the bottoms of my ceramic pots that I make.
0,So far holding up well
0,We re-modeled a bathroom using the Kingsley line of fixtures and towel accessories.  In order to utilize the towel holding capabilities in my guest bath, which had only space for one towel rack, I choose to purchase this double towel bar.  This allows me the ability to put two large bath towels on the rack for when I have a couple visiting.  When I have only a single individual, I can put the bath towel on the back bar and a hand towel and wash towel on the front.		Installing it was pretty straight-forward. We did not use the mounting hardware that came with the fixture as it did not look sturdy.  We replaced it with heavy duty mounts that we purchased separately at our local hardware/plumbing store.  For that, I deducted a star.  At this price and with Moen's reputation, the mounts should have been a good quality.		Be careful to check that you have the depth to accommodate this type of towel rack.  Because of the double bar, it extends into the room quite a bit.  It works for us because we were able to mount it in an area where no doors would bump up against it.
0,Great set of tools for the home owner, 1/4", 3/8" and 3/4" drivers and sockets.
0,Like all Sorby products, the quality is the best.  I make all my own handles.  Buying just the chisel and making your own handles saves a LOT of money.  Making the handles allows you to have a different handle for each tool, which makes them easier to find on the rack.  Also, it is fun to turn handles.  They will be strong and distinctive, with each one you make getting better than the last.  I am so glad that many tools are available without handles.  After all, you do own a lathe.  On some of my tools, I have handles that are twice as long as anything offered by the manufacturers.  This has a number of advantages, which I will not go into here, since this is really about the steel.
0,These worked perfect for the baby shower.
0,I love it, but my husband did not like installing.  It is just the right distance to not fit between any 2 by 4's .
0,This has worked great for installing concrete pavers. Insuring a flat, and/or slight slope, dirt and sand bed for pavers is somewhat tedious. This 72" long level allows me to see low/high spots in prepped bed. Then I use the level across multiple pavers during the there installation to insure a flat surface and smooth transitions at the seams.	Oh, and it works great for plumbing wall studs, too.
0,My husband purchased these for smaller projects. Not sure that he used them yet but he says he loves them!
0,Well made and saved a bunch of money by DIY.  I am deducting one star for not having instructions or a warning sheet about how dangerous torsion springs can be. They can be DANGEROUS when loosening or tightening them.  Proper adjustment bars (included) are essential.  .	So, be sure to watch several YouTube videos on how to Safely work with these torsion springs.  Do the job in stages, and review the appropriate sections of the video before each stage, and you will be OK. Just to be safe, have someone with you  to call the medics  just in case.
0,Uses double As, nice and bright and they last a long time in the lower brightness settings.. Good size and the clip works well to keep it in your pocket. This thing stays in the tool belt at all times.
0,Perfect lamp! Going to purchase 2 more!
0,It's amazing how much a difference having a few extra plug-ins helps.  This is mounted behind my computer and I use it to plug in my router, computer, a lamp, and maybe a battery charger.  Nothing that pulls a lot of power.  It's extremely convenient.
0,Best one I have seen and is worth double the price you might need a little practice.
0,Made wiring my boat easy
0,I have carried a knife in my pocket of some sort for 40yrs, so far this is my fav. This was the 3rd one of these I have purchased over the years. It is perfect pocket size, lightweight, thin and can easily be opened with just your thumb. I use it at least a couple times a day on average.	The ability to open this quickly w/ one hand saved me from getting mugged once (the only time I've used a knife as a weapon).
0,These lamp dimmers are almost impossible to find in hardware and lighting stores. I often get a blank look when asking about this product. Perfect replacement for my lamp.
0,These are very bright little lights, even though they don't cast a very wide range of light from them.  But they have worked great so for with no issues.  Just using them along the edge of a walkway, and you can definitely see where your feet are going.
0,This is just what I always wanted!  Happened to see this on the special of the day and got this for myself. It is a great product well worth the money and a great seller!
0,Nice solid light and good price. My granddaughter uses it to see her invisible ink writing.
0,Bought this for my father in-law for Christmas and he couldn't be happier.  He loves that he doesn't have to turn on any house lights anymore to go out to feed the goats in the morning.  Very nice quality and very warm hat.  Would buy again.
0,Fits my DEWALT DC608K Brad shooter perfectly! Fits my one hour charger that came with it without mishap. The original battery was a Ni-Cd, this battery is a Ni-MH similar but not exactly the same chemistry. Even so, this battery charges just like the original; the light blinks when charging and goes solid when completely charged.
0,Great Product
0,For the price, a very nice relatively bright light that works off of one AA battery.  Excellent light for a purse, glove box or night stand.
0,I've purchased many of these in Satin Nickel and Chrome finishes.  They are a high quality faucet and have a nice 'feel' to them.	the pop up drain cable system is a snap to install.  I've seen other brands of faucets at higher prices, but would still reccommend this faucet and continue to recommend them to my clients for my bath remodel projects.
0,I'm glad I found these on Amazon because the pricing on Amazon is way better than on the original manufacturer's website. They work as described of course after you make the necessary adjustments.
0,These are of a very good quality for a very reasonable price.  I've done some cooling system work using these and I am very pleased with their feel and strength.		Be aware that these are full size picks, NOT mini-picks.
0,works great for my uses
0,These are as described, except for one thing - the detail shows a socket with an offset to the metal mount but the ones received don't have the offset. For most purposes, this doesn't matter - it's designed to mount from a threaded fixture rod. But I wanted to mount these flush in a fixture, and lack of the bend means I had to mount them on a standoff instead. No matter, I'm just describing this so that future buyers know they might not get exactly what it pictured. Other than that though, they are as you see. The only reason for not being 5 stars is this minor difference.		They worked great for my application - gutting an old fluorescent ceiling fixture and replacing the internals with two LED bulbs. Philips or GE candelabra bulbs work great for this - use the clear ones if you have a difffuser globe, it's a great little project that will greatly improve your lighting.
0,Seems like a solid product. Does the job
0,It is nice having the brush on the same tool. Also the brush is replaceable.
0,The sprayer works alright, think they need to re-engineer the tip. Don't run low on paint and the machine keeps working very well. It takes about 5 minutes to get it primed and working correctly
0,This little light of mine is an absolute beast!  The only thing I don't like is that it doesn't have the S Clip anymore, but other than that this light is amazing for the money.
0,Although I already have a number of bits like these, I bought this set for the case that I can put in my tool bucket for light portability instead of needing to carry my large toolbox to small jobs.
0,Nice leather and very warm. I very nice looking pair of deer skin gloves.
0,I purchased 3 of these for my two floors and basement, wired.  I had previously had pre-wired detectors and not only did I get too many false alarms, but also because they tend to malfunction before their expiration date.  These were very easy to hook up, though I did have to change the wire by cutting off the one that connected the previous 3 together, but it was very easy.  The setup was phenomenally simple and the device itself walked me through the process of starting it up, then connecting the 3 devices together.  So simple.
0,Nice brush that cleans up well.  I used this to paint my furniture with Americana Chalky paint and it worked well.
0,... It's small, compact and yet powerful. I would recommended to friends.
0,Fine flexible tube for two sizes of downspout. Just cut off the end you don't need. You can pull this outward and it stretches a lot and stays stretched but you can compress it back if want. The brown color is a milk chocolate brown.
0,The Hardwired Smoke Alarms were easy to install, and were recently manufactured.  They went in easy and now I am up to date on the alarms.  After 10 years they should be replaced.  The arrived on time and were in perfect order.  I have ordered additional ones to replace expired alarms in my children's home.
0,This is by far the brightest LED assembly I've ever seen!	This is a solid LED light bar!	So bright and so white, it's just amazing.	Make a note to seller Varsity174 to please don't forget to send wiring harness/relay assembly when you order.	They are a great seller, prompt shipping, great deal and promptly answered emails and followed up with me multiple times on if I received everything and was truly concerned about great customer service!  Way to go guys!  5* from me on the seller.	5* + on the product!	This is a solid, well made light bar even if it is from China, which most probably are now days, it is very, very bright and pure white!	It comes with mounting brackets, fully adjustable and has notches in the angle adjustment side bolts as to now work lose and be out of alignment.  I am very happy with this and so glad the people I saw in parking lots I spoke to and ask them about the Tuff Stuff brand and how they liked theirs.	I ended up going to the local hardware store and buying a perforated steel strap which I painted black to match the LED light bar so I could use my current bolts under the bumper and not have to drill new holes into the bumper.  I cut the strap/mount even with the supplied brackets so it all looks like it was made together.	I could not be more thrilled about finally getting this project complete and what a great product for a great price from Varsity174.		5** ALL the way!	EXCELLENT customer service, great product, great price!
0,The glove starts to stink after using it and sweating.  Just throw it in the washing machine with a little bleach and turn it inside out.
0,Great drill
0,The lights are packed efficiently (no excess packaging), installed easily, and simply work.		They're bright. Far brighter than the 65W halogen floods they replaced. They start up quick and the dining capability is ok (I would prefer being able to make them dimmer).		The trim ring is not as large as the trim rings I removed (6" lights), so there's some clean up work I have to do on the ceiling.		The color temperature seems a decent match for the what the floods were.		CRI: This information is mostly useless for these lights. CRI is an indicator of how true to actual color everything will appear when illuminated with a particular light as compared to full natural light. Color inconsistencies have no value with lights that have a color temperature below 4000K, and they aren't "very valuable" until the light temperature is above 5000K. While it's nice that these lights supposedly provide very accurate color representation, it's not something that really means anything given that the lights have a purposely tinted aspect to them to give them "warmth".		I saw no residual light after power-off as some reviews here stated. The lights take up to two seconds to bleed off the residual electricity after the switch is turned off, but that is common with LEDs because they draw so little energy.		The extra light takes some getting used to. Be prepared to literally see things in a whole new light!
0,A quality product at a better price than I can get with my discount.  A great drill and worth every penny.
0,I bought these for my nieces to use when we play Nerf guns.  It is "cool enough" that they will actually wear them, and tough enough that it will provide real protection.  I plan to take advantage of their acceptance for this role to get them to wear the safety glasses for other risky activities.
0,Love this - it is for my wife, so I'll have to remember to bring it for her, but I know she'll find it very useful. The light is just enough so it won't call attention to the table but more than sufficient to read a menu with low lights (or even in the dark). The switch is a bit sticky and very small, so I worry a little that my wife will be afraid she'll break a nail, but she won't. The glass is big enough to see a half-page. I looked but couldn't find one in silver or gold... and would have paid a lot more for it. The price for this one is a good value, however. It looks like what it is - a plastic loop with a magnifying glass in it on a black "line" - so isn't very attractive, but I suppose it would be OK for family dining. At this price, buy two - one for her to lose - and wear the one you keep inside your shirt when you go out so you can have it for her when she needs it.
0,tried to repair my garage door opener. It didn't work. My control box is probably shot. It's not replaceable, not made anymore. So have to find a new controller for garage door. Great seller Fast shipping
0,fine product!
0,Im not afraid of the dark anymore
0,<div id="video-block-R3DGUKDKYHA0UM" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D1w8pC26eIS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91M7sbyFi-S.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;These Multi-colored solar led fairy string lights are a fun and affordable way to add some color to nearly any outdoor or indoor location. The solar powered rechargeable batteries mean these lights don't require any sort of extension cord or any other wired power source. You simply let them charge with sunlight or light from a lamp etc and then they automatically turn on when it gets dark.  If you want to use these indoors with the lights on, you may need to put something over the solar powered charging panel so it doesn't sense any light.		At first I didn't think 30 LED lights on a string was all that much, but it turned out to be just about right.  You get 30 of the funky looking fuzzy chuzzle ball lights on the string.  Each ball/led assembly is mounted apprximately 6 inches apart which means you'll get around 14 to 15 feet of actual lighted string. There's another 5 feet or so of unlit lead cord with no lights running from solar panel to the first led.  Overall you're looking at 19-20 feet of cord which is actually longer than it may sound like.		With a full charge the lights will run for 8 hours or more and so far we've found they work quite well. You can probably squeeze a little more life out of them on a charge with flashing mode. The lights are bright enough to show up, but they aren't too bright. The lights are actually quite a bit brighter than I was able to indicate with the video I've posted but at least it gives you an idea.		Overall I'm very pleased with the appearance of these lights.  I like them because they're neutral enough in appearance to be used by any gender or for a variety of occasions. Up close these look a lot like snowflakes or ice so they could easily be used for Christmas or other winter holiday decorating. That being said these can also be used for parties, lighting up an outdoor gathering area or even just as a decoration for a teen's room etc.		These bulbs are waterproof/resistant but not submersible. In other words they'll handle normal exposure to rain, snow etc. but don't expect to throw them under water and expect them to work long.  The solar panel and battery pack are mounted together in a compact square housing measuring about 2-5/8" by 2-5/8" by about 7/8" thick. The solar panel mounts on the included garden stake which can be angled slightly to face the sunlight better for charging. The entire housing is sealed from the elements and the power and mode switches/buttons are wisely located underneath the solar panel behind rubber covers to keep moisture out. The plastic of the mounting stake does appear to be a bit on the brittle and fragile side and I'm wondering if it will hold up to abuse outside in the winter. As long as we're careful walking around it in the cold, we should be fine.		Power Source:	The lights are powered by a single rechargeable AA Ni-Mh battery. The product description mentions a 600 mAh battery. After removing the four screws in the solar panel housing, you can pop off the cover and view the battery.  The battery is indeed marked as a 1.2V 600 mAH AA.  The ease of access means you can easily change the battery for a compatabile new rechargeable battery when the time comes! There are no special soldered battery packs etc. It's simply a rechargeable Ni-Mh battery in a battery holder.		PROS:	+ Affordable	+ Bright and color LED lights	+ Battery powered lights that recharge via solar energy	+ No cumbersome extension cords required!	+ Safe for outdoor use	+ Constant On, Off and Flashing Modes Available	+ Large 5 lead section of unlit cord measuring 5 feet	+ 30 LED lights	+ Ground stake included so you can mount the solar panel and tilt it toward the brightest part of the sky for optimal charging conditions	+ Easy to set up and use	+ Charges on its own throughout the day and automatically turns on at dusk/dark.	+ Can be used indoors or outdoors	+ Gender and occasion neutral. Can be enjoyed by nearly anyone for any purpose!	+ Battery is easily replaced/upgraded should the need ever arise.		CONS:	- Takes a bit longer to charge on very cloudy days	- The plastic mounting stake may not tolerate cold temperatures well		Based on my experience so far, I highly recommend these beautiful lights. I'll update this review in the future should I come across any issues.  I received this product free for purposes of testing, evaluation and for providing an honest and unbiased review.
0,Works great
0,Very nice bulbs.  They aren't harsh like some LEDs and give a clean, but slightly warm light.  They dim nicely, no noise.  Perfect so far!
0,very happy
0,Sturdy, well made stainless steel rack fits exactly into my Kohler cast iron sink.  Cleans easily and you can reach the drain strainer without removing the rack.  Love it!
0,Amazing led bulbs. Great color temperature. I have used these bulbs for over a year now. Not a single one has gone bad. The light level has not changed either. And they're so affordable now!
0,Delta quality at a great price, looks great too
0,When we moved in to our new home, the previous owners only had an open/close switch for the garage door.  I like to work in the garage often, so it was super frustrating that there was no way to keep the light on without tripping the sensor every few minutes.  This solved that issue by providing a light on/off switch, and a nice big open/close switch.
0,Very good to reset code without problem. Thank, I will order some more.
0,We use these for all our key sets. They are sturdy and stay put on bags, belt loops or key rack. I have not tested the load bearing.
0,I absolutely love these. I've never used a screw extractor before, but I thought I'd give these a shot with all the DYI stuff that I do around the house. And let me tell you, these are amazing. I didn't know what I was missing by not having a screw extractor set all these years. I don't need these often, but when I do, I'm so thankful to have these.		These are made of carbon steel and feel durable as all get out. I've heard of other people snapping their extractor sets easily before which is why I never really bought a set, but I have no doubt that these will last for years to come. I would definitely suggest watched a YouTube video or going to a DYI forum before using these as the visual is helpful. There is a process to get these to work right and to using the right size on whatever screw you're extracting, but once you have the process down these work like a charm. Anybody who does DYI or construction knows what a pain in the butt a stuck/broken/stripped screw is, and these definitely belong in your tool belt.		For the durability and usefulness, these are a great price. Definitely worth the purchase. Don't make my same mistake and get yourself a set of these sooner than later and save yourself some heartache.
0,You pay for quality and it lasts. German made means these are designed all around. Lightweight, they do not pinch the inside of your hand like channellocks do. And they can even handle being stood on. Quick snap keeps the size locked in place. Ergonomically designed to a tee. Only reason I'm repurchasing these, my old set was lifted out of my tool bag at a job site. They didn't bother taking anything else in my $400 worth of tools in bag just my two Knipex pliers.		Bought my first set in 2010.	2017 stolen out of my bag. They looked as new as the day I got them. Take care of your tools and they will take care of you. Knipex maybe expensive but they will last you a life time.
0,So much better than those paper booties! I use these in the yard while on "poop patrol"!	I will offer them to future handyman visits.
0,Awesome hitch lock. the quality is great. would recommend and would buy again
0,These are a little pricy, but the warm glow they give is spot-on. No flicker or strobing in lowest settings.
0,Excellent
0,Looks the same on both sides of the wall.  Easy to install.  Moves plenty of air.  Use it with the NuTone 57W Variable Speed Control to quiet it down if you don't need it to run full blast.
0,love it great stubby screwdriver!!
0,As expected
0,Used for rough plumbing, mostly cutting PVC and the occasional TGI and flooring so battery seems to last OK. Main complaint is the lock slide tends to get bumped into "lock" position a lot and when you go to pull the trigger you have to stop and unlock it which gets annoying.
0,Used this special heat gun since about 1980 ... works best for Vinyl Repair detail work! Thank YOU DEE CAMPBELL who I met in the line at Grainger in SSF then and told me about it. Had a lunch with him and another ...then he died running over a cliff near SF I heard. Thank YOU DEE ..good tip
0,works great
0,Works.  I love this spray.  So easy to refresh most anything.  I used it on drawer pulls.
0,This is our third detector and they last for years without issues.  This model is more sensitive and longer lasting than other has detectors you see on Amazon.  This will detect all gases not just carbon monoxide.
0,I love this product.
0,Just as described.
0,I used them to replace a fried halogen base in one of the pendant lights in my bathroom.  It has handled the heat well and for the price, has been exceptional.	 The home stores do not offer this base and it was hard to find elsewhere.
0,Well made and durable.  I love this cord.  I used it to attach a foam marker on front end loader to an inverter in a tractor.  I needed the give in the coils without any slack.  This is perfect for that type application.
0,This thing is a trooper! It has supplied current to a test project of mine for two weeks now (as of 01/21/2016) at 88% capacity, and its not even warm. I'm gonna get me some more of these!!!!
0,Very nice and useful tool. Great for tight spaces where regular or even short screwdriver doesn't fit
0,Just what I needed for a night light in my home. Just a nice soft light for use during sleeping hrs. Not glaring at all. I plan on taking it with me when I travel as well.
0,This is a great shower head.  Tons of water comes out of every hole.	In my life I have had to experience many shower heads and this is	the best one.
0,This is one nice combo knife.  Sharp and well built.  Light carry.
0,These are quality splash resistant goggles, that have stood up to a number of projects around the house so far without issue.  I wish they were fog proof, but for the price, these cannot be beat.  3M is a quality manufacturer, and it shows in this product.
0,Fit my hand perfectly and although I haven't tested them very seriously yet (hope I never have to) I feel confident that they will do the job!
0,great tool
0,Good Quality
0,great! super bright and awesome, easy to install. month later still working perfect
0,thanks
0,Very bright light! Great price!
0,one of the best tools I have used
0,I really like the idea of Mistbox - save money on your A/C and keep your house cooler on the hottest summer days.		Installation: As soon as I read the directions, however, I realized it wouldn't work for me. The device uses solar power, and must be mounted on your A/C unit.  If your A/C doesn't get much sun exposure, then you need to order external solar panels.  It also needs to be plugged into an outlet and into your hose (it uses mist to cool the A/C unit).  Since our A/C unit doesn't get any sun, we couldn't use it (I didn't want to pay for external panels).  We installed it on my brother's unit.  I would also say I'm about mediocre when it comes to handyman skill, and low when it comes to patience with that type of work - this was right on the edge of what I would have the patience to work with, but probably within my skill level.		Impact: It installed smoothly and started working quickly.  It seems that the A/C unit is already working less than before (more on that below).  Time will tell if it really lowers his bill and keeps the house cooler.		App: The device connects to your wifi and can be accessed via mobile phone.  The app tells you how much power you've saved, and also offers some remote settings.		In general, this seems like a great device, as long as it is true to the promise of lower power bills over time.  Just make sure that either your A/C unit gets sun (or purchase the solar panels), and that you have the patience/skill to do the installation.
0,Super comfortable, super durable.  Highly recommended.
0,for my project this was ideal.
0,Great Item, works like a charm
0,The wrenchs are shorter than the average size wrench in most sets,but that is a bounus in some situations and some tight engine compartments they are actually ideal. Still HIGH QUAILTY stuff.
0,The price was great and it was so easy to program, it took about 10 seconds.  I'm very happy so far and have no complaints.
0,I was a little leery about this product before receiving it, but I decided to giver it a try based on other reviewers and also the solid reputation of Culligan in the water-treatment industry.		I've rated it four stars, but I will edit this up to five stars later if it continues to impress me after some time.  At this point I've only used it for a few showers.  My wife says that she immediately noticed a difference in the way the water smells and feels on her hair.  I have to say that it was a very subtle difference to me, I do notice the chlorine smell in our water is gone, so that's a definite improvement.		Quality seems acceptable and the installation was quite easy.  The high-pressure-jet setting is really impressive, the pressure is so high that it seems like it would exfoliate the skin all by itself (a bit noisy too).  The normal shower setting is adequate for regular use, no problems there.		I still am curious as to how long the filter will last.
0,Bought this to secure my trail camera. Should do the trick nicely. Not perfect but plenty strong to discourage anyone wanting to "borrow" my trail cam.
0,After Much research, I decided to purchase this laser for our Custom Home Building firm......  It does not dissapoint!  the lines are very bright, and I tested the calibration, It was within 1/16" at 60'......	Just remember to unlock the gimble for autolevel, and lock it for storage!	Forwardconstruction.com
0,Super good deep socket set.
0,These bulbs are absolutely perfect.  A drop in replacement for E12 base candelabra bulbs.  Unlike the many nasty looking bulbs of past these do not have a nasty looking heat sink base.  Better yet is the LED Filament they use instead of the LED squares.  The filaments give a more natural looking light and these are as close as you can come to an incandescent candelabra.  These are amazing.		I just replaced my outdoor lanterns at my front door with these bulbs which had a mix of 25W and 40W candelabra incandescent's. It just got dark so I checked them out and they are perfect. I was worried about the color temperature, but they appear close, if not identical, to my incandescents (I left 2 old ones in one lantern fixture for comparison side by side).		I just placed an order for 9 more of these to replace all the ones over my garage doors.  8 bulbs plus another just for backup in case we ever get a failure although I'm hoping these last for at least 5 to 10 years.		So in terms of power usage I was burning 14 bulbs outside with a mix of 25W and 40W.  Say a low average of 30W per bulb,  That is a total of 420W with the incandescents and now at just 3.5W per bulb I'm using just 49 Watts in total or just a touch over 10% of before.  I'm also getting more light out of these.		The best part is that I shouldn't have to replace these once or twice a year like I did with incandescents which was costly and more than that a huge pain to setup the ladder and disassemble the lanterns to install new bulbs twice a year.		Definitely a 5 star product and so glad they have finally innovated a true replacement for the small base candelabra.
0,Like others have said, the magnet thing is pretty cool. I used it, along with a swivel thing I found online, in a very small shower stall and it works great. I am a big fan of water pressure and wasn't happy initially with what I felt was mediocre water pressure. I fixed that by opening up the shower head at the handle, where it connects to the hose. There, I found some kind of small washer and a white plastic piece, both of which were easy to pull out with small pliers. Then, there was a gray plastic piece that looked like a wheel with spokes that seemed screwed into the end of the handle. It would not unscrew though - it only rotated freely. That piece appeared to reduce the water by about half, it was so big. I started with pliers, moved on to various other instruments of destruction until I had basically succeeded in breaking all the spokes off and coring out the middle of the gray plastic piece. Still there was a decent size left in the threads, so then I got the Dremel tool. I used the Dremel until I broke the gray plastic piece out of the thread. Then I drilled out another piece and used pliers to lift out the freed wedge. Once that was out, I was able to get the rest of the gray piece out of the threading. At that point, I could look down the hose and there was nothing left plugging it up. Hubby reinstalled the showerhead, and hurray! I can wash all my parts now, with a fine strong spray or a fire hydrant. Perfect!
0,I purchased this item to check for cat pee stains on the floor before I had new carpet installed.  I then started using it to look around the house to see what the dogs had been up to.  They say that ignorance is bliss, and I have to agree.  I'm not sure I really, really needed to know where every stain was.  I was pretty grossed out for a while as I was even finding stains from the previous renter.  This light also picks up food stains, such as when an 'empty' can of cat food bounced down the stairs.  I can now see where drops of gravy splattered out on each bounce.  So, yay and ick all at the same time.
0,The grab bar was well made, I liked the brushed finish as it does not show fingerprints.  The mounting plates are heavy with plenty of options for best screw locations.  The covers  over the screw/mounting plates give it a well finished look.  When installing, you do have to pop the covers off the mounting plates (I used a small hammer on back side)  then slide them up the bar to install with screws - something the installation instructions forgot to mention.
0,Great deal for price
0,I investigated the fixed units but after reading other favorable reviews selected this one. It basically becomes invisible when plugged it and doesn't require more holes in my walls.
0,exactly as listed.  Allowed me to push a cabinet close to the wall and connect my surge with no issue
0,Works great, love it
0,A great water coverage area, but would have loved it more if the output water pressure was higher, but it's fair.
0,Works great. Keeps you from loosing the screws and getting into your pockets to dig them out when you need them.
0,Great product ... Great service ...
0,Worth more than what I paid for
0,Excellent and handy tool. Dont be caught without it on hand!
0,Very well made. Excellent (high chrome) finish. These wrenches are a great value considering the price.
0,These work great when paired with the Kreg shelf pin jig. I will definitely by these again.
0,Cheaper light fixtures of this type often have loose fit at the joint between the main plate and goose necks, or seams in the brushed nickel finish.  This fixture is very solid, looks nice and was relatively low cost compared to other fixtures.  Best of all, my wife is happy!
0,Heavy
0,Very smooth drawer slides
0,THese are well made and do exactly what they are supposed to do - I actually use mine as a pattern to make others out of mdf with my router and a pattern bit.
0,What a great tool.  I used it to clean up salvaged/reclaimed wood.  I did not need a bench planer or jointer to make a nice coffee table.  However, it helped that I had a belt sander and and a table saw..  I was easy to learn to use and easy to adjust the depth of cut.
0,This flashlight is great. It is worth every penny. I buy a lot of things on amazon, this is maybe the best buy. Starting with the the box it came in. It's padded. The flashlight is in its own plastic bag. The box is the nicest box. My wife said, don't get rid of the box, I want it. This light is as good as any light you will buy. The user manual is as easy as it can be. My hats off to every one in this company. They are doing everything to put out a number one product. They give you two O-rings and a new rubber thumb piece for the on and off switch. The case it comes in is number one. If you are looking for a great buy, this is it.
0,Tried using some knock offs that are half the price but they last only a fourth as long. Sticking with this as it works well and is more reliable
0,Attached it to a grinder with a cup grinding wheel to remove hardened carpet glue from my basement floor.  With my shop vac providing suction there was very little dust that escaped. If you are going to be doing a similar job you cannot do it indoors without a shroud.  I am glad that I purchased a metal one instead of plastic because I read that the plastic ones can disintegrate if they come in contact with the grinding wheel which is spinning at many thousand rpm.
0,does the job
0,We just had a sun-room constructed in our home with a large sliding glass door.  The existing lock/latch wasn't very secure so we purchased the "Master Lock" to provide the extra security that was lacking in the door.  I was able to adjust the length to perfectly fit between the door and the frame.  It was an excellent value and I highly recommend it.
0,really well made for price
0,good
0,fits nicely on the Leatherman and still goes into the pouch with no problem.
0,Used these for making a backboard for my work bench to add some order to my most frequently used tools. Installation was simple by screwing into the wall studs. I spray painted mine with white oil based paint for easy cleaning and outlined the tools in thick black marker so I can tell at a glance where everything goes and if anything is missing or out of place. This kit was much less expensive than buying everything separately.
0,Great
0,I replace my inexpensive old DMM with this one, looking for the capacitance measurement and the continuity function that lack my old DMM.  Knowing the reputation of Fluke through all this years I always wanted one of then but I found it to expensive back then for the intended use. I found this model that has everything I wanted and give a try and I am very happy with the results excellent piece of equipment.  Its a little bigger and heavier than most inexpensive DMM, but I prefer this product than any other. I recommend before buying that check its specifications, I know that this product has its limitation in range when someone wanted to measure a very small voltage or capacitance but for most of the DIY thing work perfect.
0,High quality, powerful, comfortable rotary tool. I gave four stars because I find the EZ Change system problematic. All my Dremel's, including the flexible shaft are used with a keyless mini chuck. I use bits from tiny dentist size to 1/8" often on one project. There is no way to usefully mount a chuck as there is no shaft lock, which is needed to use a keyless chuck on a Dremel. You have to change collets using a needle nose pliers making it more difficult to remove than standard collets. The biggie is this that expensive kit, with some very useful attachments, only included one collet, the 3/32" with a note that the remaining three are available at additional cost. I feel that is pretty chicken _ _ _ _!
0,pouches of water with an expiration date.  haven't sampled the goods....hopefully i won't need too!
0,Nice stuff.
0,A very good cord at nice price. Could be slightly more flexible but not to bad as is.
0,The bulb is as stated as far as lumens, but I was surprised how loud the speaker is.
0,Worked beautifully on the glass shelves of my display cases. One thing though, should have come with double stick tape strips for the wires.
0,I must say that I am very impressed with this little LED MR16. I would usually only consider indoor applications but I had a need for an MR16 bulb to go into a sealed solid brass outdoor 12VAC bullet landscaped light. And this turned out to be just what I was looking for.		Pros:		- Wonderful light output. Very bright. Up lit 60 ft tall oak tree canopy very well. This was for the 36 degree version. I imagine the 25 degree version would up light the bark/trunk very well.	- Great color rendition. The 95 CRI is true. This is a pretty light. No blues or overly warm yellows here.	- Energy efficient.	- Well built. Hand feel is of quality. Weighty and solid feeling.		Cons:		- Does get very warm. Too hot to handle. But As long as it is dissipating the heat it should last its rated 25K hours.		A 5 star light review. Hope this helps if your considering this light. Just remember that LEDs still produce heat. Not as much as incandescents but enough to be to hot to touch.
0,I noticed some reviews gave a name brand for these. The hinges I received has NO name brand to them. Just "Made in China" on the small bags each come in.		I purchased a Kreg Concealed Hinge tool here on Amazon to make the recess on the doors needed to mount these hinges. Has made the job a breeze. The hinges come with screws that are needed.	The hinges will pop off the base that mounts to the cabinet. There is a button at the very end. Mounting them though I did not take them apart. There is a small lip next to where the screws go that should hang off the edge of the cabinet surface.		My one complaint so far is, the screw that adjusts the depth was very tight and all the way in on the slotted part of the hinge. So tight that it made a depression so when I make that adjustment, the screw wants to fall into the depression.
0,For walls I recommend it. But ceilings... Lit's just say that it's a work out. Either way the dust stays under control. I like it
0,Easy to install and worked like a champ.
0,a
0,LOVE THESE
0,Well worth the money
0,Nice, sturdy and a good addition to the pack - NOT a Bowie, by any means, but will be useful around the camp.
0,Easy install just remember to put a small rubber washer on the sprayer hose and tighten till the hose won't spin. Other then that an easy install! Not to tall love that
0,These are 1000% better than what is available from our local Home Depot and Walmart!  We can now breathe easier and with confidence!
0,Good
0,great color works well
0,Great value 12v light! You can run this off a battery or 12v laptop power supply.... or even a landscape lighting 12v power supply. The light is awesome for the price!		My only complaint is that the metal portion of the housing has a super thin layer of cheap powder coating. It fades quickly in sun... and does not weather very well. A simple coat of spray paint is all that you need to make it more durable. (I used Rustoleum "primer and paint in one" with great results.)		So one star deduction for cheap powder coat.... 4 stars for value and lighting performance!
0,ok
0,The only way to clean a soldering tip.
0,Nice heavy felt. I enjoy building children's toys and I use this felt on the rockers for a rocking horse - I also use it on our rocker. :) Great floor protection at a decent price. I have used this product for over 6 months now and noted the adhesive is very good, keeping the felt in place.
0,We decided on this product when I re-tiled and upgraded our master bathroom shower. The shower head gives a nice even spray and together with the handle set the give the shower a classy look. We've had no issues with the parts, (we also had to buy the valve part separately, KOHLER K-304-K-NA Rite-Temp Pressure Balancing Valve) and we are very happy over all. As other reviewers may have mentioned, the handle only controls the water temp, you can't regulate the flow/pressure. It's either on or off, but that hasn't been an issue for us. The control arm flange is metal, not plastic.		One bit of aesthetic advice when re-doing your shower, assuming you are going to be opening up the wall as part of the install; raise the shower head to a more comfortable height. I am on the tall side, 6'3" and it's annoying when I have to bend over to rinse my head so I like a shower head that is at least 7' from the floor. And make sure the pipe comes out from the tile, not above the tile. Most places the code now requires this but in many older houses the shower head pipe comes out above the tile.
0,Very pleased with this air cleaner. I have mine mounted over my bench that I use for sanding on my projects. I have a nice sized shop and while this cleaner won't scrub the air for the whole shop it does great for scrubbing the air above my sanding bench. Im giving serious thought to getting another to use in my finishing room to clean while Im staining or applying a finish coat. The filters are a little expensive but Im more concerned about keeping all the tiny particles out of my lungs. These are great devices and worth the money. This is essentially the same dreason sign as more expensive brands.
0,Awesome little laser. Could be a little brighter
0,I bought one, just to test to see how I liked it. At $100/per, it's hard to determine if spending $75 more than the average detector is worth it. Set up was super easy. Wired it easily into my existing wires. Although I do wish there was an orange wire so that it worked with my existing detectors, but in a 1500 sq ft house, I don't think we'll have any problem hearing this one. They are super loud, the phone notifications are great! We have this in our kitchen, so the warnings or rather questions on if what it's detecting is a fire or not is nice (in those cases that you burn your food). Is it worth $100? I still don't know. That's a steep price. Would I replace the other detectors in our house? Absolutely... that is when I've saved up enough money.
0,Ordered on Friday, arrived Sunday.  Although I choose regular shipping.  This set has it all, torque bits and external bits (sockets).  I work on a variety of small engines, two and four stroke and find the use of torque screws on them more often than not.  This set will ensure I have the right tools to do the job.  Very inexpensive for what you get and they come organized in a sturdy plastic case.  Strongly recommend to anyone who works on almost any small engine.
0,This is a great sander.  While I don't have experience with other sanders, this one was great.  The addition of the handle and rubber palm top adds great stability.  The variable speeds offer different options for sanding surfaces.  The hook loop is definitely a much easier method for changing sand paper surfaces.
0,great
0,works well
0,Sleek, modern and great quality. I get lots of compliments, this was the cherry on my bathroom renovation. Got door knob, hand towel ring and towel bars to match.  Love them all.
0,short but works great, only reason i gave a 4 was its just too short for me but its great and really worth the price
0,Had several "imitations," even some differently configured Leathermans, (Leathermen?), but the Micra is perfect to keep in my glove box - the scissors are what I use most of all. And the color matches my car perfectly.
0,I love it. It looks really nice and match with other dcor in our washroom.
0,Put in our daughter's room in our new house and get lots of compliments on it. And she thinks it makes her room look like a princess room :) Great quality for a good price! And it looks beautiful, which is all I could ask for.
0,It's just perfect little tool set for me--not to big, not to small, and has everything I could need for handy little household jobs.
0,I lost my grip on my MacBook and accidentally dropped on my new hardwood floor. When the corner hit it made a little dent and chipped the finish in one of the planks (no damage to the laptop though!).  I used this stain marker to color in the mark on the floor so it isn't quite as noticeable.  Quick and easy to use.
0,I primarily use this as a splitter at airports, so I don't hog the limited outlets. It's smaller than even those travel surge protectors you can get, it's simple, and it's cheap.
0,Strung these up on the patio and they work great.  They star lit for a good 8 to 10 hours.
0,Good price, look more $$$.  Nice finish and easy to install
0,I got this about a year ago, and love it! It fits perfectly on my keychain, and the screwdriver actually works! Definitely recommend this!
0,I replaced the 5micron bag with this 1micron bag to the top of my Harbor Freight 2hp dust collector. You should do all you can to keep all those tiny, dangerous dust particles from getting into your body. It works great!
0,Bought this item and it has worked well so far. In fact, like it so well will get some for my home security.
0,great LED option,quality built in. excellent product
0,Good.
0,Just as advertised!
0,Great little door bell. It has different ring tone you can set and you can also adjust the volume. We use ours as door bell for the door leading from our house to the garage as some times the door gets locked when one of us is working outside and doesn't have key with them. They also have a set with only one bell unit but two buttons. the bell unit isn't that big that it stands out.
0,used in place of T3 150 watt Halogen bulbs, Huge electric saver,
0,Real Easy to use. Works nice and is compact. I would only like it better if it had a read out of the actual Voltage being applied to each phase.
0,Aside from the excellent comfort and price... I returned a $120 pair of Oakleys being that these beat those in every catagory. I literally wear these every sunny day and actually had to pull up this site to prove these were actual safety glasses when I was at the shooting range a week ago. I want to buy another pair because of the price but have no need being that these just won't break!
0,What is there to say? Pads are pads. They do the job.
0,i love it
0,this works well. It connected to zwave easily and I can control it with a couple different zwave controllers. The little blue light is kind of bright though.
0,Works great! Some instruction would have gone a long way but YouTube was a good source of one. Used them on my Honda brake rotors.
0,good
0,I bought the refurbished model.  Using Hitachi nails, I had one jam in 2400 nails. Set outlet pressure at 90+ to keep the nails feeding properly.
0,Works good. It's just as bright as the 7 watt florescent one I had that died. Since it's LED it turns on instantly. (My original one took a few seconds to come on)		It has a slight blue tint to it though. Not really a problem; it just will take some getting used to.		Edit: This just died. It lasted 2.5 years.
0,It is a good all-around multitool, but there are a couple things I didn't like.	Pros:	- Nice sharp main cutting blade.	- Good plier function	- Feels sturdy and capable of surviving some real use	- Good locking mechanism on the pull out tools	- Fairly compact when closed	- Tool fits the carrying case nicely and the case includes a belt loop		Cons:	- It's heavy, so I don't think I would take it on a serious backpacking trip where every ounce counts.	- The scissors uses a coil to provide a spring-like mechanism, which is nice. What's not so nice is that if you press down on the scissors far enough (but still within completely reasonable tolerances for everyday use) the part of the coil that provides the spring resistance slips off the scissor part and actually locks the scissor blade in a closed position. You have two use to hands to pull the scissor open again and repeat each time you depress the scissor. Very disappointing, considering how useful the scissor can be in a pinch (on a hiking trip I used the scissor on a friend's multi-tool to cut strips of moleskin for foot protection)...then again, I didn't pay as much for this as I would a tool from Leatherman, so given the tool's positives, I can live with it.		The tool comes with a good variety of functions, though I agree with some other reviewers that the can opener is a little odd...it's dull so I'm not sure how easy it would be to use to puncture can lids. Everything else works ok though, and after I bought one for me, I went to get a second as a gift for someone and the price had actually dropped.
0,Bought this to replace an 35 year old one of the same brand.	Nicely made and easy to secure on wall.	Legs are very short, so I bought the wall kit which allowed me to attach it higher up.
0,Great value!
0,I used 4 of these vent covers with new double fans for our crawl space. They fit perfectly. They look very nice. I wanted to know which openings had the fans, so I wanted them to be obviously different. If not for that, I would have ordered more. I like these better than our original vent covers.
0,I love Flashlights and really think no home ever has enough, so I was thrilled when asked to review this product for an honest review.  This Flashlight is great. Immediately I found it to be sturdy and well made. I liked the size, it was perfect for me. Although it is slightly heavy, it was still easy to handle. I used four AAA Batteries in mine and they worked fine. I was very, and I am very impressed with the light it produced. You can change it on the tail switch at the bottom of the flashlight. The large beam was extremely impressive, that baby really lit up the area. Each mode worked very well, giving bright light. This is one great flashlight that you would be glad to have in case of a power outage, or going out at night. It might look small, but the light it gives is more than enough.  It would bring you a lot of security and peace. Recommended.
0,Large heavyduty bag. Plenty of room for hood, leathers and anything else needed. Has a removeable hard panel bottom with lots of inside pockets and outside zippered pockets. Very well made.
0,is a little easier to put holes in than I expected for "heavy strength".  I put a few holes in it first time using it, but it should do the job.  Considering the price, it's good
0,Perfect
0,I use this for a bicycle lock when I go to the grocery store. It will not stop someone with a battery powered grinder or a good pair of bolt cutters but it keeps honest people honest. Mine has a 6 foot cable and weighs 205 grams (just under half a pound). That makes it a lot lighter than anything else I can carry for the same purpose.
0,These are great replacements for our old smoke alarms.
0,100% all around. Thanks so much.
0,The Fenix TK10 was an excellent purchase. I am very satisfied with it. It's very durable, and packs a punch on turbo mode. General mode @ 60 lumens is plenty of light for the normal things you buy a flashlight for. I'd recommend this to anyone who is considering a Surefire light of similar specs. Surefire are also great lights, but for less money, this Fenix light is an excellent alternative. Only gripe I have is the 123a 3v batteries are pricey to replace, but that's expected for this light's awesome output!
0,Unbelievable for the price! Used daily in a professional shop. Guys that have spent 200 for snap on are jealous of what I paid.
0,Love it so much  still  in the case
0,Found it on Amazon after looking at all the local home stores. Well made. Really made our new porch look finished.
0,At the very beginning, you need some time to figure it out how to fix it when the nails get stucked. Other than that I think it is safer than the ones with air pump. I only use it to install my own hardwood floor. It serves the need well.
0,Pro- Very bright, low cost.	Cons - None.	But, the size of the neck (tapering) is large enough that it won't fit in some fixtures.  The light is hot - meaning white white, nothing soft about the color, which is great for me.	Odd little note; I installed this in a fixture powered by my garage door opener.  It is not screwed into the opener itself, just a corded fixture that uses the opener's timed feature - great for walking into a well lit shop.  I noticed that it seems to interfere with the remote for the opener?  Not a big deal, it is off when I open the door anyway, just have to wait for it to time out before I can close the door.  Light on = remote won't work.  Huh, just sayin..	Love this light.  Buy it.
0,Great cable
0,Just received and installed my lights.  They illuminate nicely and I'm totally happy with them.  If they last as long as advertised, I will be a totally satisfied customer!!
0,As described. Good quality. Not like cheap two-wire grocery store cords.
0,Used to replace the brake lines on the truck. Cuts the 3/16 tubing like a charm.
0,One of the best purchases I have made this decade.  I have a woman....and "older" woman who just does not have the grip that I used to for home repairs.  I have tried various electric screwdrivers from name-brand companies like Black and Decker but they just did not give me the push I needed.  A friend recommended this from across the Country, so he had to convince me that....no, it is not too heavy for me.  Yes, it is very easy to grip, load, and charge.  Yes, it has plenty of power and will hold the charge through all my projects!  He recommended that I just get a board and put screws in it, then reverse and take out.  I did....I only needed to do that twice before I was all over the inside and outside of my house taking care of those long-awaited projects.  I actually laid it down in the kitchen and forgot where I put in a week ago.  I thought I was going to go through withdrawal!  I have been using this tool at least every other day since I got it and am now creating new projects to use it with.  Trust this girl who has more power tools than most men!
0,Working well.  Not long enough to know if it will rust but for a month, just fine.  Nice a long.
0,loves the first one I got and ordered one for daughter-in-law and another for my best friend. would highly recommend. great to even put on your kids bedroom door for their privacy.
0,Very bright, nice clean light, a little colder cast than expected but great value
0,this is a great product, no need for keys at the door.  just remember a code and in you go!!!  so easy!
0,Does the job
0,Mine works perfect. Two turns and your done, twist on a connector and presto. Mine does not cut off the shielding.
0,So far great , trying to find a short in my headphones
0,liked that it was solar and battery operated	as described	used under gazebo to light it up at night	was a good price for what I was looking for
0,All hail the LED lights as they are here to stay!  Thank goodness.  This fixture was used over the medicine cabinet and I made sure that it was the correct color temperature to be considerate to the female persuasion as they need proper lights. This was perfect.
0,Simple, Effective, works with LEDs.  Good to Go.
0,Product as expected and shipping prompt
0,1) Use the right gauge wires	2) Don't stripe the wires	3) Make sure wires are all the way in	4) Squeeze tight so the gel comes out they work great.
0,I have used many variations of this product in the past but this one is just perfect.  Item arrived sooner than expected and was packaged accordingly.  This product was exactly what I wanted and when I need more  I will certainly order from this vendor.  Just put in a new whole house water filtration system and these really do the trick.
0,Works great.  Handy length.
0,Great value
0,So many uses, I have only had LED Ledsniper for a short period of time and I am happy with the devise. Unless you read Chinese the directions are useless but its very easy to figure out how to install the batteries and operate the devise; the focus is smooth and the five settings of light anyone can figure out how to change between settings. The cost is reasonable, I bought additional batteries because of the battery life is short and this light sucks juice; an hour on high, so I figured I will need backups. I have no way to tell how bright this LED is but one thing I do know it is very bright; at 100 feet it's bright enough light up the side of the house. I wish I had this when I use to coon hunt it would have been so useful. Buy one for yourself, you cant go wrong.
0,does the job
0,A surge protector with additional features!		Cable can be bulky and long, which is why a velcro strap is included to minimize the space it takes.		Has an on and off switch, which some surge protectors do not have.		My old surge protector never had USB ports, which is very much needed in this era of USB charging.	2 ports are 2.4A and the other 4 are 1A.	Can charge 2 tablets and 4 phones at once.		Although it says it can protect against surges, there is no LED indicator unfortunately.		I was provided a sample product for my unbiased and honest review.
0,As advertised.
0,There is nothing to say except they appear to be the original batteries, seem to be factory fresh, and they just work.
0,We really liked and wanted to use this faucet for our dog was in our new construction but it doesn't meet new building codes so we had to return it.
0,Excellent gloves. Well made. Good quality. Beautiful design.
0,Nice to have new leads all in the same package
0,The apparent quality is good. No issues. Delivered super fast.
0,worked great
0,5 stars for the flashlight beam quality, brightness, and rugged housing.  1 star for the poor push button design that combines on/off and mode switch operations.  To turn the flashlight on or off you depress the push button all the way down until it clicks.  Simple enough.  With the flashlight on to cycle through the modes HI->LOW->STROBE you depress the push button slightly but before the click.  Simple enough.  BUT when you depress the push button until it clicks to turn the flashlight off, it ALSO advances to the next mode for when you turn the flashlight on the next time (NOTE:  SEE UPDATE).  So as an example if I have the flashlight on in LOW mode and then I turn the flashlight off, then next time I turn the flashlight on it will start in STROBE mode.  Dumb Dumb Dumb.  Turning the flashlight on/off should not change modes.  I would remove "Tactical" from the product description when you can't be sure what mode your flashlight will start up in.  Poor, lazy, "good enough" product design on the push button detracts from what otherwise is a nice flashlight.		UPDATE:  I confirmed the comment from Mr. Royal who is correct.  The flashlight will always start up in HIGH mode if the flashlight has been off for 5 seconds or more.  So, 4/5 stars for lack of clear user instructions - otherwise 5/5!
0,these are good bits, more $$ than many of the other bits, but they are very accurate, carbide lasts a long time, makes for better joinery.
0,Keeps the heat in and the cold out!  Makes a huge difference in my 1900's colonial!  I replace them on all windows every year.
0,very cool!!! works great so far!!! I would recommend this light and purchase again.  surprisingly good in fact!
0,I live on a creek, and when the water comes up, the pumps kick in. Flooding is a pretty typical occurrence for me. A foot of water happens several times per year. It used to be that I liked hearing the check valve closing so I knew that the water level was rising. However when the pump starts keeping you up all night, that gets old really quick.		Everyone else pretty much summed it up. This thing is super quiet. I have to listen for the pump motor running, there is no slamming shut of the check valve anymore.		One thing that didn't mentally dawn on me however in reading the instructions, just because I don't have enough exposure is that this is designed to be glued into place, hence the "Solvent Weld Connection" line in the description. I have 1.5" PVC piping coming out of the pump and continuing up the run to the exit. So this of course slides right onto the 1.5" PVC piping. The product includes no instruction manual, but it's pretty straight forward. As a test, I just slid both ends onto my 1.5" PVC piping and filled the sump pit. Worked great, using no pipe solvent. There was very little leakage with this installation method, and the trickle of water just runs back into the pit.		However, I'd suggest NOT using the pipe solvent for connecting this. My preference is to use those rubber hose connectors which have a stainless clamp on either end to cinch down on the PVC. I've had pumps fail while in a flood state, and the last thing I want to do is deal with re-plumbing in a replacement pump to my pit. I have two additional sump pumps ready to be dropped into the pit at any given time, which already have electricity run to them and are sitting at floor level when the water rises that high and aren't needed in the pit.
0,good price
0,excellent
0,I bought this when I was trying stainless wire for my atomizers.		Cuts well with only a little fraying - could be overkill for similar users - seems to be a pro-quality tool.
0,After having used the Nest 2nd generation for a year now, I am confident in recommending this amazing product.	You ALWAYS make savings with this ingenious device - Summer / Fall / Winter / Spring - All year long!	_ Very easy to install.	_ You can access it from your iDevice or a computer via any Internet Browser.	_ Very easy to use.	_ Supports many languages.	_ Make amazing savings on your electricity and gas with the NEST!
0,Great tool. Love the POWER and the features. Saw several "holiday specials" at the local Depot" type stores, none came close to the Amazon price. Still getting used to the bag instead of the hard case, but I have two from other sets so all is well.	 The Hammer drill has three settings, Hammer for brick or concrete applications, drill for standard drilling (the adjustable torque setting is bypassed) and screw gun ( adjustable torque applies). The 1/2 ' chuck is another great feature. I am in the communications/electrical industry and this tool works great for me.	 I have also purchased the impact bit set for the impact driver. I have tested it a bit but not used it in the field yet.
0,kept someone from reaching through the bars and pulling the pins on a mighty mule gate to enter our property.	they had to call me to gain access.
0,This replaced a worn out pump and is actually of higher quality than the old pump.  I would give it five stars but like the old pump it is noisy even with a vibration kit installed.  Overall I am happy with the product and would buy it again if and when needed.  I would recommend this to a friend.
0,Easyish to install, watched a half dozen youtube videos to figure it out, took a few hours but works perfectly to operate the front porch lights automatically.
0,This ThorFire camping light is awesome - well built, sturdy, and arrived pre-charged. It can be charged via USB OR hand-crank. It has a charge indicator that works in tandem with the USB and hand crank charging methods. It has two brightness settings. I have only tested this light since its a gift - but I am really pleased with the lamp and will be buying one for myself, and for future gifts.
0,Great - Thanks!
0,I use a lot of tools with sockets and bits.  Sometimes the angles of the screws and bolts are very awkward to reach.  These flexible joints allow me to reach them and apply the necessary torque.  I love the contact range these joints provide.
0,nice light good and sturdy use it every day
0,I carry it in my shirt pocket everywhere and use it all the time.
0,So far so good, had it installed by pro's 3 X 40 amp circuits with 8 gauge wire. Works well so far have not had it long
0,Strong, reliable. Every woman needs one of these! I can move all kinds of stuff with it, you know, like heavy packages from Amazon, and I don't have wait for it to "get around to it", or cook it dinner because it was helpful.  I had NO idea how much I needed this!  I got two, one for the house, one for my car.
0,Works great and cheap, just the way I like it.
0,This is a Top Drawer tool!
0,MUCH longer life than what I had been using!
0,Seems well-made, a little stiff to use at first but I like this better than the more traditional 1/4" bit holders (which have a retaining "spring" in them) or just using a 1/4" socket.  Seems to hold things pretty securely.  Fits all the bits I've thrown at it so far.
0,I bought this product to place on a pool cue rack that my son-in-law built us. He had trouble finding the stick on felt strips locally, so I ordered these on Amazon. Great price, fast shipping and the product works great! We don't have to worry about scratching our cues now when we place them in the rack.
0,This vinyl floor tile is a very high quality and very easy to install.  My husband and I like it very much.  This particular pattern accents our carpet and when we decide to replace another floor with vinyl, it will be this one. - F. Parker
0,Second order. Love them.
0,Single weight that came with faucet not enough, added this - works great - retracts hose well.
0,These are great and certainly cost less than the bulb plus a screw in sensor.  I've used both and these take up less room within the fixture and don't hang out.  So far so good.  The sensor seems to work OK even when it is not fully positioned to catch the light as some when screwed in didn't line with the sensor fully exposed.  It's nice to come home with the lights on after dark.
1,Apparently one of the yellow tabs got stuck or something because it won't open with the proper code. So bricked. Get something more robust.
1,Tools smaller than expected, kept but gave away to kids.
1,The hooks look solid and smooth, they have big adhesive strips, included separately. It is easy to apply the strips, but removal does not work as smooth as with 3M brand strips - when you pull straight down slowly to the strip to remove it, at first nothing happens, and then the whole thing flies down and hits your hand. Ouch. It does not leave residue, though, and the hook seem to hold well. There are 6 hooks and 6 strips in the package, no extras.	Unfortunately, after a while, the hooks just fall off. It takes a few days of few weeks, depending on the load, but all of them fell off. The adhesive is no comparison to the real thing. Go buy 3M. I had the hooks on different surfaces - on furniture and on cabinets, none of them lasted.
1,In 10 months this "stainless steel" shower head is rusting and the seam is separating which is causing a sideways jet.  I suspect if I do not replace it immediately that the entire lower portion will separate away and drop on my head.  In the meantime I have to rotate the head so the sideways jet does not shoot over the shower door.  AVOID THIS SHOWER HEAD. It is nice to start but falls apart rather quickly.  To call this "stainless steel" boarders on fraud.  But it was great for 10 months, hence 2 stars.
1,Pretty stupid for a smart thermostat. Can only program at the unit, not from web browser or smartphone app... No logging that would be useful.. Get the nest ...
1,This product is defective and poorly made. It's an embarrassment to Irwin.		Sure the price can come off if you are drilling a weak / non-metal door. Otherwise, have fun. I used industrial grade automotive tools w/ liquid wrench, and it just did not come off.		Waste of time and your hands will be in a horrible shape. It took me less time to re-do my  car suspension (and I finished that) than to take off the ridiculously stupid drill bit from the big useless bit.
1,didn't work for my job
1,This was a total waste of money.  The plastic pieces are flimsy, hard to position, and not flexible enough of a "goose neck" that you can adjust your drill press table height without doing major adjustments to this as well.		Mine will ultimately end up in the garbage.
1,CHEAP FELL APART IN THE FFIRST WIND
1,Got this in and put it on right away because were out in the middle of nowhere and there are no other stores here to purchase this from.	I Opened the cap ONLY to smell what is a familiar smell of FLOOR SEALER(Product that protects the floor from water) had I known this I	would have asked my friend who is a Janitor to get me some. All this does is water PROOF your granite or what ever you are putting this on so that said. I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND BUYING THIS!
1,ABSOLUTELY DO NOT FIT 4' POST.  HAD TO RIG THEM AND NOT LOOK RIGHT AT ALL.  NOT AS ADVERTIZED.
1,I could not install either battery.  The two retainer clips for each battery seem to be the opposite for the marked polarity.  When I tried to force the batteries in, the lever arm for the switch fell out and cannot be reinstalled.  A waste of money!
1,For the price you get what you've paid for. Definitely worth $8. Metal grill is super flimsy and IS metal except for the crucial bit that controls the internal dampener is all plastic. Check the the dampener operates freely before you tighten the screws. As I tightened the screw, my dampener locked closed. After some adjustment of the screw, the dampener is still hard to operate. I hope I won't need to touch it much.
1,Stopped working after 2 projects...cant fire staples even after I triubleshot (oiled it etc).  Too expensive for quality, but it worked well when it did work. Cheap design, though.
1,Normally, I wouldn't expect too much from a piece of galvanized steel made to sit on a roof.  This unit came with no visible shipping damage so the warped appearance looking into the rectangular opening and the fact that the flapper doesn't sit flat on one side of the sill, leads me to believe that there is nothing "professional" about this unit other than the price of $49. I will probably go ahead and have the HVAC installer use it since there is no time to ask for a replacement, but I would never buy this unit again-pretty shoddy.
1,Light shines to the back of toilet, toward the tank, which is exactly where I don't want boys to aim!  Big disappointment.  Couldn't find anything to like about this seat.
1,Not very bright lights
1,I had about the same experience with this blade as others...a few cuts and then the blade was junk.  I used it on plywood.  If you are cutting something really soft like plastic, it might work better.  Spend a little more and get something with carbide teeth.
1,2 OUT OF 12 CAME NOT ON AND 2 ARE NOW FLICKERING. DO NOT BUY.
1,Good idea, but it doesn't let all the water drain from around it. Leaves a small puddle around the blue or green ring. Can be ran through a dishwasher to clean it.
1,My product has a sensor that does not always work, so I have to give it 2 stars. If it worked every time, I would give it 4 stars. Maybe I got a bad unit?
1,I wasn't expecting muchave for the price. They looked nice in the picture but they are definitely not well made. There is a ton of play in the lower jaw. So muh so that it feels like with any reasonable amount of pressure will break it free. The thumb screw is also very loose fitting and you can turn it almost one complete revolution and the lower jaw doesn't move. Chinese garbage! There's a reason they charge $10 @ Home Depot for the 4" Crescent. Becauseit's a real tool and can be used for real work. Stay away from this product.
1,Too small, did not fit.
1,Adhesive is poor on anything that is not smooth metal. When attempting to remove the tape, it tares lengthwise making removal much more difficult. I strongly recommend buying 3M painter's tape in place of this stuff.
1,Not the best quality compared  to the others I bought but it works fine. Just the battery pack is awkward  if u would not like to see it out in the open.  The copper wire was a little messy in certain parts of the strand but it was concealable enough. Glad i knly got one.
1,quits responding almost twice a day to color change commands all while still responding to on/off and dim commands :-(
1,I purchased one of these thinking it would be a handy saw as an alternative to my circular. I hate it, I feel duped...expensive, blade replacement is constantly an issue, expect to go through 3 on a project of any size. you definitely need a guide attached...trying to green hand cut a straight line is impossible with this thing.
1,I bought these before looking locally. When I looked at the wheels them selves I was appalled that most of the eight wheels under each pad were out of round and had high molding ridges where most of the contact with the floor would be at highest pressure. Damages the floor. I gave up on these and went to SeBo's down the road and bought the EXACT same part number SherperdHardware 9601 in different color boxes. These in the black boxes are the "real deal", The pads have 10 flat bottom rollers. Connecting web seems a bit stronger. No comparison in smoothness on the floor. They are to be put under a washer and dryer, so loads aren't excessive, but I just put down new floors and would like a chance for them to survive a machine maintenance issue. I made a comparison picture. Good on Left, Bad on right.
1,Purchased two of these. As thrilled to give them to my girls for Christmas. They've been wanting lights for their rooms. Very disappointed in these. Didn't work properly on either set. Requesting full refund. Thank you
1,I had to use drill to install it., don't buy it.
1,did not mate with my Craftsman garage door opener
1,Junk
1,Balance it terrible.  It's top heavy.  Magnifying glass is very small.  Overall only marginally helpful for soldering.
1,I bought this to replace a broken OEM spring hinge for our Therma-Tru steel door to our garage two years ago. The original Therma-Tru hinge was labeled as "DOOR CLOSER BODY 591 U R8085".		After installation, the hinge didn't line up with the position of the OEM hinge. There was at least a 1/16" gap between the end of the hinge plate and the chiseled opening. The hinge plates also had more of a space between them when the door was closed, pushing the door closer to the other end of the opening than there was with the unsprung middle hinge or the existing bottom hinge. Between the two anomalies, the door never quite operated correctly, squeaking and groaning as it opened. I lived with this for almost two years until the second spring hinge brooke.		This time I gave another hinge (or rather hinges) a shot -&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Pack-of-2-Hager-Satin-Nickel-4-X-4-Spring-Door-Hinges-1-4-34-Radius-Corner/dp/B01IJ6X90Y/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">(Pack of 2) Hager Satin Nickel 4 X 4 Spring Door Hinges (1/4" Radius Corner)</a>. The Hager hinge fit almost exactly as the original hinge did. It also had the same plate spacing that the original; so now the door is positioned as it was originally within the opening. It also matches the action of the original unsprung hinge, so there is no strain as the door is opened. Since the Hager is a two-hinge set, I went ahead and replaced both hinges on the door. It operates more smoothly than it had in a long time, as smoothly as it had when it was new. I'm very pleased. Hopefully it lasts at least 10 years like the originals did.		If you have a Therma-Tru door, do yourself a favor and get the Hager hinge instead. If you replace both hinges, it is less expensive as well.
1,Right out of the box didn't work.
1,Its a gyp. Its very small and I do mean small. Its not at all like the swiss army knife i expected. Live and learn.
1,<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/SpeedHex-FlipOut-Rechargeable-Power-Screwdriver-with-Bonus-Bits/dp/B00TYBO1DS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">SpeedHex FlipOut Rechargeable Power Screwdriver with Bonus Bits</a>&nbsp;Should have listened to everyone else.... doesn't work.		ZERO STARS
1,As a previous reviewer stated I could only put plugs in two of the six outlets. Sending back pronto.
1,Someone else had reviewed that these smell awful, but I ignored it because no one else had complained about it and the general review was of high praise. Well, here's the second person reporting the same phenomena. To me, they smell like a dirty NYC puddle in August. They are well made, but I can't use them indoors because they stink up the entire room!
1,Purchased this because I needed something to run a 24V device at 3A sustained. I received the item and everything appeared great. I connected it to my device and I THOUGHT everything was ok with it. After 30 minutes the adapter's green light turned off and the unit died. Sending back and hoping the replacement one works.
1,Lasted about 1 year.
1,I used this tarp to cover a hot tub . The tub has an insulating foam cover and sits next to my house on a patio. It was exposed to the full sun for about 4-6 hours a day. I was hoping for at least a year of use out of a tarp of this weight. Within 6 months the tarp had started to flake apart and the seams started to separate. This may be a good tarp for some use but not for full exposure to the sun.
1,Werent bright at all. Sent back.
1,Did not fit.
1,Fell apart after one week in my daughters and my closet. Not worth the money.
1,Shipped and received quickly. Bungees have short, thin, cheap metal copper ends.  Replaced double-laced gravity chair with Sgt Knot bungee. Website says Sgt Knot are strong enough to replace double-laced.  I found them to NOT hold as strong as the double-lacing.  Also, the cheap and short metal ends didn't hold well and two came out of the copper end during install.  I burned out the bungee from the previous heavy duty METAL ends that came with chair and crimped onto the Sgt Knot bungee, discarding the copper colored CHEAP ends. Wouldn't purchase again, see pictures.
1,Not as good as  listed
1,I was looking for a red light to use in my night light. I wanted something that wouldn't ruin my night vision, or wake me up too much. Unfortunately this light isn't bright enough. It's very dim, and it's hard to see anything in the bathroom at all.
1,For the holidays I purchased the whole set up including power module, remote control and so on. When I realized I would need another roll of lights to complete my decoration, I quickly ordered it and it got to me in no time. I spliced the two together and was woefully disappointed. Obviously, there needed to be a booster at the splice point in order to light up the second set of lights to match the intensity of the initial role of lights. It was so obvious that I decided to wait until next year and hope that someone invents a boost module for the second role of lights  EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED!!!!!!!		Sincerely,		Steven A Smith
1,I gambled on this for $8.50 thinking i could save some money since it had decent reviews.  However upon receiving this level, i was immediately disappointed in how flimsy it was.		The entire i-beam twists with ease and it feels so lightly constructed with thin aluminum that it is clear one drop the wrong way will render it useless.		BUT, i thought lets try it.  Maybe its actually a fine level and it just needs to be babied a little. Wrong!  I measured the horizontal level to be about 1/32 inch off across 24 inches. That's just enough to be annoyingly incorrect.  And since a level's sole purpose in life is to be level, its a bad one.		Secondly, the ruler is a joke.  the marks are spaced correctly, meaning from the 1" marker to the 23" marker was dead on.  But "zero" is not the end of the level.  Stanley chose to use the end of the aluminum,  sans end cap. So, i removed the end cap, and to my surprise, there is exactly 1/32" too much i-beam at zero, making the ruler read long. At least this thing is consistently wrong!	Im considering returning it and spening more on an Empire which is a reasonably priced trustworthy level.		measurement tools need to be accurate and durable enough to STAY accurate.  Just spend a little more and gain some confidence in your measures.		I'm giving it 1 extra star beyond the minimum due to price and the fact that there is competition under $10.  But please spend more!
1,Very bad quality kinks up very easy. Ripped very fast. Not at all a fan of this "amazon basics" item.
1,This is HORRIBLE. IT'S A CLEAR PLASTIC SHEET TO STICK ON THE WALL. I TRASHED IT! I have other signs from orher sellers and they are perfect.
1,Love the design but no installation instructions and wall anchors are huge. Not sure how to get them in the wall.
1,This is not the unbreakable material, it's very brittle and cracked immediately upon installing.
1,These Craftsman tools are made in China, and are not what they used to be.  The ratchets are stiff and operate poorly. Many of the sockets are so thin, they look like they would break if really torqued on. Definitely not worth the money. Disappointing that a name that used to be associated with quality tools was put on such a poor product.
1,Did not dispense soap.  Too expensive to return.  Will just throw away.  Waste of time.
1,Like others, I thought this was a great light when first received. But also like others, it died 60 days after purchase. Used maybe 10 times at most. Seems like 7-8% will fail...so beware!
1,This product stopped working after 4 months.  The manufacturer would not support, too much hassle to send something back.  If the product stops working after such a small period of time, you'd think the manufacturer would step up and pay for shipping both ways.  But NO!
1,Twisted off the 1/8th bit the first time I used it.  I hope the other bit perform better.
1,This might be  useful for measuring rooms with white walls, but outside to measure rock, it doesn't work at all. I wanted to measure the length of several mine tunnels. It won't even measure a rock wall ten feet away underground.  it just gives err1 meaning insufficient signal. and the laser pointer is only 1 mw so there is no way you can see it 300 feet away to measure anything.
1,This bulb quickly flickers (I assume at 50-60Hz). I think they went cheap on the electronics in the bulb.
1,The power cord that connect to the adapter is very loose, it disconnects with a small movement.  The power comes after a 3 second delay.
1,this is a very bad tool. the  handle cracked on the first  swing , and the head came off on the 2nd  hit--tool time; 2 seconds.
1,Came broken, used, and missing parts.
1,this is a waste of money knife is cheaply made sheath is a joke. Fire starter rod is only so so at best. Uncomfortable in the hand this item is what make people wary of internet sellers
1,I recently purchased the same model flashlight at Walmart and then ordered this one on Amazon. The descriptions and pictures were identical, until I received the flashlight from Amazon. The flashlight from Amazon was an older model from the one that was pictured. It was not a big deal to me as I had bought the flashlight on Amazon for one of my children to use. The light output is far less then the newer model which is pictured. The older model I received has three small LEDs in an array, where the newer model which is pictured in the description has one large high output LED which is far brighter than the three individual ones. As far as durability, it seems to be built pretty tough. It has already lasted several weeks, which is far more than I can say for other brands when it comes to the abuse my children give it. Overall, I like the flashlight a lot, except that I got something different than what I thought I had ordered. I am giving this product 2 stars due to the fact that I did not receive what was in the description and in the pictures.
1,After severn months, it just died. Won't buy another.
1,Arrived broke!!! Not returnable smh.
1,Please, do not listen to anyone that says this is a good drill. Contractor or whomever else they say they are. This drill is trash. Save your money and buy ANYTHING else. Batteries, motor, chuck and everything about this tool is garbage.		one MILLION negative stars is what I give this lemon.
1,Worked great while it lasted.  It was really nice not having to turn the lights on and off each day, but this thing lasted about six months.
1,Affordable, and suitable option for certain applications (hallways, basements, etc) but for work areas, the light color temperature skewed blue, and gave paperwork a dull, lifeless hue that was tough on the eyes.  Again, in the right areas, this could be a very suitable option.
1,BROKE EAELY
1,Received clip, no screw or washer.
1,Not so hot. It's mainly for looks.
1,Add my review to the many of negatives. Just won't work, Should have never bought one. :(
1,Poor quality
1,Not the bulb I thought it was as I needed a regular base. Amazon's descriptions don't include "Base" in the description of the lighting products so unless the manufacturer includes it be careful when you buy any bulbs.
1,Needs a better knife.  Also too long.  Hard to handle.
1,I use it two times and it is dead. Hopeless product.
1,Restricted water flow severly.  The previous owners used this filter, but when I changed it after 2 months of living in the house, it was extremely dirty.  Then I noticed water pressure slowly decreasing, so bad that a taking a shower was nearly impossible.  I changed the filter type to a wound string type.  Its only been 1 day since the change, but my water pressure is back better than ever actually. I might have to re-adjust my well pump from a 40-60 cut in/out to a 30-50 setting.  The water pressure in the shower is so high I actually reduced the pressure.  I am sure this filter would be best in a city water or in an environment where there is very little to no sediment.  For me, it didn't work well at all.
1,I have heard not one bad thing about this saw so I purchased one for its power weight and slim worm drive body as well as a blade on the right. For the 3 cuts the saw worked on it was perfect but went to break down a sheet of 1/4 ply and it didn't work tighten the brushes worked for one cut than completely crapped out was very disappointing. Amazon customer service is great shipped it back to them for free and a replacement is on the way hopefully I just got a bad apple that's what I'm guessing being this is the original worm drive saw that started it all. If another problem occurs I shall edit this
1,These did not work for us. We followed all of the instructions and left them to adhere for 48 hours on the tile. Hung up a washcloth, and it fell 5 min later.
1,I thought it was poor stitching at first, turned out it was the pig skin leather ripped on both hands. Now they can only be used as fueling gloves. Second pair was better.
1,I love Vice Grip pliers, but I don't love this tool. I've yet to get wire properly stripped. It may just be the approach taken by the tool's design as a one-size-strips-all wire stripper. The problem is in the cutter head. It's flat and the cutter head only contacts part of a wire's insulation. Depending upon wire gauge, it may be just a small proportion of the overall circumference of the insulation, so stripping it off is not so good. Might be okay on small gauges, but I have yet to get it to work there, too.
1,I have a 1997 Liftmaster receiver with rolling code support. I bought this hoping to use it for when my kids forget their keys. It is worse than useless. It is supposed to use a 4 digit PIN code. After going through the setup procedure, I paired it with my receiver - but after that every time I entered just the first digit of my PIN it would open the door! I was concerned about a 4 digit PIN; I already think under 6 is inadequate, but 1 digit? That's hopeless. Stay far away.
1,I guess it works, but it didn't come with any intelligible instructions, so I tried to make it work, but could never figure it out.
1,DOES NOT WORK WITH APPLE DEVICES!!!...		Contrary to what they say...none of my 4 iphone/ipad devices could see any of these cheap chinese bulbs!  Can't believe a word of what they say!  I will return!
1,When we got it we couldn't even get it open. It was stuck shut. We had to wait for my husband to get home from the field. When he finally got it open it was still a B to open every single time. Being he was gone for so long Im sure it was over any return policy limit. But I wasn't letting me or my daughter cut off any fingers. Im sure not all have this problem but this was my expierence.
1,Doesn't work It puts the RGB wires to negative voltage does not send positive voltage out like it should . I'm returning it.
1,It clearly states in the 1st line of the description, "SUPERIOR PROTECTION: Our carpeted furniture movers sliders will perfectly protect your floors from dents and scratches."  These are NOT carpeted, they are hard plastic... for use on carpeted floors.  Mine are hardwood & I bought these specifically because the description said they were carpeted.  Sent back
1,Broke the first time I used it, tossed in the trash.
1,Half the bulbs I received didn't work or were broken on arrival. Not good QC. The units that did work provided a good non-flickering light, but were a little tall for the dining room chandelier I was installing them in.
1,No function what so ever even after charging for two full days in direct bright sunlight. Retuned for a refund.
1,These bulbs are a rip-off.  I bought them at my local Safeway on the East Coast, and I must say that I'm disappointed that Safeway would carry such a defective product.  I bought them to put into a candelabra for the holiday.  In comparison to the cheap incandescent bulbs that I have previously bought for the candelabra these don't look like they are lighted, when they are in-fact, on.  I paid $4.99 for 2.  They were not on sale.  Shame, shame Safeway for carrying such an inferior product.  Made in China
1,I got a pair of these years ago before the pull string and the poor construction. My old ones had elastic at the wrist, the glove conformed to the hand (unlike these that comform about as well as welding gloves), and the fingers were cut back to the second knuckle (unlike these that leave only 1/8"-1/4" of the fingers tip. The materials are also lower quality than the old ones.		Complete downgrade in every category from the original design.
1,Mediocre quality. Too bad there are no other alternatives on Amazon.
1,This unit is nothing special as far as features go. Moreover, it lacks sound. That matters because when you're outside in the sun, you will not see the red/green glow. Frankly, If the name "Fluke" wasn't there, I doubt the LVD2 would be as highly rated as it is.		Update: I subtracted another star because the thin yellow plastic tab that keeps the yellow battery cap in place snapped off. What a piece of junk.
1,Returning.very small, tight, and comfortable
1,It quit working after 2 days. It got hot started blinking and went out within 5 min.
1,Big scammmm
1,I went to use this today, and realized that it does not come with an arbor/pilot bit.  I tried using a universal pilot tool I had for some of the other hole saw kits I have, didn't fit.  Without the arbor/pilot bit/attachment you cannot connect this to your 3/8 drill	Tried calling the 800 number on Bosch website for customer service, it disconnects you.		What a pathetic company.  What a pathetic product.  Waste of $26	....................................	Update March 2015	I found the arbor pilot attachment and it fit great.  I went to drill my first hole in the thin wall of a regular 8x16 masonry block.  The hole saw went completely dull 3/4 the way through, the teeth that were on the end are ground down.	What a total waste of money, this is suppose to be for masonry, block, etc.  Taking it down to one star, PATHETIC
1,Had these been $15, I would've given them 4 stars, but they're really small and overpriced.  That being said, beyond the price, they work as advertised.  Very bright.
1,I needed a higher toilet rim. I'm going to assume it is my fault the measurements ended up the same as my old toilet---No help for my needs.		Be sure your measurements are good before buying.
1,I've been using different wood finish products for over 50 years and while I appreciate the laws have changed regarding voc levels and other epa regulations, the bottom line is these are inferior products yielding inferior results regardless of how much prep time is invested. I don't have alternative options to recommend, and I'm sorry to have to write a negative review but Zar needs to do a lot of engineering work to improve these products.
1,Pros	Looks Great		Cons	Feels Cheap, Way over priced		Conclusion	Avoid, not worth the money for the quality. I Recommend this toilet seat, its solid and much cheaper	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Bemis-1500EC000-Molded-Wood-Elongated-Toilet-Seat-With-Easy-Clean-and-Change-Hinge-White/dp/B0015C4YFO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Bemis 1500EC000 Molded Wood Elongated Toilet Seat With Easy Clean and Change Hinge, White</a>
1,So excited I just got it in time to go to work. I open It and guess what? All the reduceing rings don't fit they are to big! Lucky for me i need the thinest one. I am going to try and use a vice to force it in or maybe use an ring from another blade. Really? How sickening! I will provide another review if I can get it to work.
1,The lights are fun... the squirrels thought so, too. They snapped 6 of the lights off the line. No more lights. AND they don't light as pictured. Only a couple colors at one time.
1,I really like the case that it can turn so I can work with tools while the light if shinning on the job.  however seems every time I bump it on something it falls off the clip.  if I sit down in a chair and just hit it right or get in the car.  I've had to go search for my flash light before which I'm not a fan of since I have a really nice $150 light.		now I also write this review as someone who works every day with a flash light while at work.  so I wear this 5 days a week 8-12 hours a day.
1,Broke 5th stroke can't be real tool ... China knock off
1,The first set I received was DOA, would not take a charge.  Received a replacement set.  The second set charged once.  When I attempted to recharge it was also DOA.  Spend more and buy quality OEM from Makita.  I purchased a two pack from a local big box store for $99.00.  They continue to charge and work fine.
1,I bought this because I lost my Milwaukee folding knife the other day. I hate spending money on knives and decided to give this one a try. I do construction and work involves cutting muletape and shaving poly and pvc pipe this isn't the best knife for that. I noticed the knife got dull not even a week after I used it.  I keep this one on my backpack just for emergency. I'll stick with the Milwaukee ones even tho they cost 16 bucks a piece.
1,cheap but handy sometimes
1,Poof, puff of smoke and she was done. Never worked.  There is an updated version of this switch available that can do both closed and open.
1,Horrible fit. Lense covering makes me dizzy. Buy something in person. These are like toy glasses.
1,Tried to use it in some high end Italian tiles and it didn't last the first try. The smallest one bent and the second small wore out in less than 1 minute. I managed to make one hole only.
1,I returned it.  Wasn't bright enough.  Very fragile.
1,It's OK, but really just a gimmick, and not sanitary at all.  The unit hangs into the upper rim of the toilet where bacteria abounds.  Young children are apt to pick the light up to play with it, it is quite an attraction for the young.  The light is programmable so you can choose your own color. That lasted about two days, then it started changing colors at will, not my will.	Get a night light.  If you really like this one, find someplace to hang it other than in the toilet.  YUK!
1,The lid doesn't want to get over the batteries not made very well
1,it did not last one week
1,I have purchased two of these. One broke during installation and had to be returned. I opted to go another route than replace for the identical item.		The problem was with the screws/hardware for attaching the wire. I was using #4 AWG wire and it was seemingly impossible to get the screws tight enough, which makes little sense since these were designed for at least #6 AWG wire which would have been even more loose. The hardware failed and left the unit unusable.		Furthermore, as others have noted, there is too little room in this unit for wiring with the necessary gauge wire. It CAN be done, but prepare for multiple attempts at getting it right and the likely expletives that will fly out while doing so. With this in mind, make sure there aren't small children around ;)		The flap/cover on this unit seems better than competitors - too bad the rest of the unit is hard to work with.
1,Returned this because of a horrible chemical smell. Tried to live with it for several days but finally said, "enough."
1,These bits are not straight.  I needed to enlarge a series of pilot holes to a precise 3/16" using my drill press.  The runout on the 3/16" bit was about .050"...much too much for what I needed.  It was NOT the drill press, either...that machine's quill has almost no runout!  In the end, I got better results with a standard twist drill, and just had to live with the non-flat bottom.		It wasn't just the 3/16" bit...I checked a couple others, and they weren't straight either.  I am not anti-import...but with drill bits, it's a mistake to buy imports.  And I KNEW that...but I figured they'd be good enough to get me by as I don't do much woodworking.  I was wrong.
1,Item doesn't work. Hose leaks all over the place even with the tape and the washers in place. Also the pause feature on the handheld switch doesn't work water still runs out even when it's supposed to be off. Handle itself feels cheap but I didn't care since it was for a guest bathroom and I would've made do if it was working.  Item doesn't work. Hose leaks all over the place even with the tape and the washers in place. Also the pause feature on the handheld switch doesn't work water still runs out even when it's supposed to be off. Handle itself feels cheap but I didn't care since it was for a guest bathroom and I would've made do if it was working Also just an FYI it ships in a plain brown box, no real retail markings or anything. Also just something to be aware of it's very high. The part that attaches to the wall is adjustable but in order to get it in my shower and had to be pointing straight down and could not be adjusted much if your shower connection is high and near the roof of your shower it's something to be aware of. Like I said I would've made do if it worked. No real retail markings or anything. Also just something to be aware of it's very high. The part that attaches to the wall is adjustable but in order to get it in my shower and had to be pointing straight down and could not be adjusted much if your shower connection is high and near the roof of your shower it's something to be aware of. Like I said I would've made do if it worked
1,I was waiting for a normal size approximately a 3x3 and lookslike somewhere there was a miniature decryption of the item. Big deception.
1,It stopped working within 35 days of use.  Sooner than the Chinese-made ones I tried.
1,Didn't work for my Aqua Pure AP802.  The teeth didn't line up at all.
1,Bought 5 of these, all 5 burned out or went so dim, they were unusable.  Lasted about 2 months.  Total waste.  Dont believe the fake reviews.
1,These are exceptionally light duty... too light for anything other than keeping honest people honest.  If anybody wants into whatever you've locked, it would take no time or effort to break it (that is if it isn't already broken... check the one star reviews)
1,This particular clamp have additional thread connector without any locking mechanism. You'll try to tighten it tens times while sharpening your knife. Extremely annoying and disappointing
1,I purchased this item because it's a name I know for an exposed corner sink,but the pop up is black and grey plastic.i don't mind plastic but make it chrome plated plastic at least.
1,Buy this if you like a light as bright as a lit match. There are better choices on Amazon that are brighter for the same if not less $$$.
1,I use it with my LIFX light. Sometimes it works, sometimes it seems like it drops BT connection. Definitely not reliable. I also hate I have to keep the app open in my iPad in order for it to work. Was hopping for something better for the price.
1,I'm really, really torn on this fan.  Love the fan.. when it works!  Out of 7 ordered fans, 5 have been defective right out of the box.  Everything from ticking noises inside the motor to loud buzzing sounds to the motor smoking to the wireless receiver being defective after 5 mins of use.  They SERIOUSLY need to get some quality control going on over at the Chinese factory that's pumping these out.  When they work.. they're beautiful and awesome.. albeit WAY overpriced.  There is no reason this fan should be $700+.  They know they have a good looking fan and you're paying for the unique looks, that's it.  You're definitely not paying for the reliability.		EDIT:  Now we're up to 6 out of 8 defective fans!  The replacement they sent for the last defective fans worked for 5 mins before making an awful burning smell and freezing.  This is ridiculous.  We'll now see how #9 goes!
1,i may have made a mistake buying this because it does not appear to be able to sharpen knives! I just wrote the mfg and will see whatr they have to say. The site description led me to believe this $200 engineering marvel would do EVERYTHING.  Now i am not sure about that :(  I dread the thought of sending this and the 2 attachments I bought to go with it	Addendum	So this machine would sharpen knives with the available Ken Onion attachment for another $50+but I already had almost $300 invested and the machine would not sharpen all the tools I have which are leathercraft related (beveling tools, curved knives and other curved cutting tools).  So for the price tag plus all the accessories. which had lousy instructions, and the fact that the day after I opened it and had previously just turned it on for less than 5 minutes, all it did was buzz and not rotate.  I wrote the manufacturer and they replied something about taking the thing apart to help it start rotating due to it being possibly tossed around in shipment didn't fly very well with me.  So besides the product description leading me to believe that this would make my life easier having sharp tools combined with a defective motor, I opted to send the whole shebang back and continue using the manual sharpening system I purchased here on amazon.com  for a heck of alot less money; that system being Spyderco tri-angle sharpmaker<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Spyderco-Tri-Angle-Sharpmaker-Knife-Sharpener-204MF/dp/B000Q9C4AE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Spyderco Tri-Angle Sharpmaker Knife Sharpener 204MF</a>
1,This is junk, the threads came off exposing the wire contacts, it's dangerous and I'd never buy them again. Made in Pakistan.
1,THIS ITEM ELECTROCUTED ME AND AMAZON REFUSES TO DO ANYTHING ABOUT IT.		I've had this product 3 years and it's worked great.	The other day, I reach to switch it off and the thing runs a strong electric current thru my entire arm for several seconds, so that I can't even disconnect my arm because I can't move!		And because it's been 3 years, neither the merchant nor Amazon are willing to do anything about it.		Obviously, this manufacturer cut corners in the insulation of the switch or wiring  And all they did is apologize for the "inconvenience." As tho being electrocuted as an "inconvenience," like a lack of valet parking!		I've NEVER encountered such UNHEARD OF NEGLIGENCE.		__		Update:	After much sparring with representatives, an Amazon manager was kind enough to permit me to return this item for a refund. Very grateful.
1,sorry Dewalt but you need to come out with gear wrenches  I bought all your sockets in these boxes including the impact ones and they're great.  these wrenches are OK ONLY, If you have these in gear wrenches  would have been great five-star +
1,its in different pieces and you haft to try to align up the letters
1,I did keep this on the shelf for almost a year as it was ordered as backup.  Tool it out of the box last week and one wire fell off to start.	I repaired the wire and it worked for two days before sticking on and raising my garage from it's normal of 55 to 81.
1,So so
1,Puffed up wattage specs? By Lumens, it's closer to a 35 Watt Halogen. Most 50 Watt Halogens put out 500+ Lumens, these output 360 Lumens. I bought one to try, and to my eye, these are not 50 Watt equivalents. A 100 Watt incandescent puts out 1600 Lumens, and Lumens is what it's about, that's the light output. Buy one to try and make sure it's adequate for your needs.
1,Very first use the 1/16 broke under a very light working condition. So far all of them have been bent. Would recommend going with something different.
1,No washers or nuts for mounting seat as they are different threads then normal seat bolts
1,No off button
1,don't buy.  they make led lights flicker
1,I was shocked at the exceptionally poor suction on this highly rated cordless vac after reading all the good reviews here, which were probably posted for the previous model. Amazon has the annoying habit of lumping all the reviews together for similar products so you don't know which exact product the review was for. This particular model has only been available for a few weeks, so I am suspicious that they did just that & include the reviews from the previous model that this is supposed to be the upgrade of. The other possibility is the 18v 3.0 lithium battery I am using from another Makita tool set that is compatible. Maybe this tool is designed to work with the 2.0 version? Irregardless, this one is going back. It is not what I was expecting at all
1,Just delivered and the montion sensor doesn't work on all three of these! One doesn't work at all, and the other two lit up when the batteries went in, but we haven't been able to get them to light up even if waving hands right in front of it. So bummed.
1,They do not fit a standard dremel tool. They only fit the trio tool. Description is unclear and downcast misleading.
1,The slop and wide tolerances on this device make it unusable. Yes, the jaw moves on it own but it does not close tightly enough to prevent rounding off. A better choice is Crescent or Stanley adjustables with the slanted jaw to match the profile of a six sided nut.	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Crescent-Adjustable-Wrench-Black-Phosphate-Finish-8-Inch/dp/B00002N7RB/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Crescent Adjustable Wrench - Black Phosphate Finish 8 Inch</a>&nbsp;or&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Stanley-87-369-8-Inch-Adjustable-Wrench/dp/B000FK6Z04/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Stanley 87-369 8-Inch Adjustable Wrench</a>
1,This product says in big letters "Stainable". I THOUGHT that meant that it would absorb the colour of the stain, but not so. I used EBONY stain, and the fill remained the light tan colour that it started out. I could accept this result if I had tried to use a light stain over a dark fill, but EBONY SHOULD COVER EVERYTHING.	Not happy.
1,After a month or so both units malfunctioned, so I wasted my time and $$$.
1,Doesn't work with keystone HDMI plates and adapters. Not nearly deep enough for an HDMI connection.
1,Ok quality with horrible return policy
1,The metal sealing clamps are extremely difficult to tighten to the extent that the screwdriver slipped out of my hand almost every other screw turn. One I couldn't even get to go all the way. The host itself is good and well insulated but VERY easily moved - when my ac would turn on and the exhaust started to fill the hose, it would move significantly and I had to make sure it was positioned in a way that it wouldnt fly all over the place.
1,Showed up with parts missing
1,Sucks because they are hot
1,Warning... as others have stated, this is not going to work for most people.  It is not a slip on spout so you need a female thread.  Normally this is not a big deal. Every other plumbing manufacturer makes it so you can have a female thread on the outside (wet side) of your wall ..... typically halfway down the tub spout. A "normal" thread tub spout is designed so anyone can cut their 1/2 copper pipe and install a female thread (as you need a blowtorch and access to the copper to sweat on a female thread adaptor). Well not Grohe. They are Grohe so they just make their own rules.  On this tub spout, you have to install a FEMALE THREAD BEHIND YOUR TILE and you have to calculate the exact thickness of your wall, tile (plus your waterproof membrane) to a fraction of an inch or you will not get this installed.  It's a waste of my time to even include photos. Don't buy it and avoid the hassle, headache and return shipping fee.
1,I received two packs (four batteries) on March 31 and they lasted 4 - 5 months and no longer hold a charge. I HEREBY RESCIND MY POSITIVE REVIEW THAT I INITIALLY SUBMITTED. THIS IS A VERY UNSATISFACTORY PRODUCT.		Long life, great price. I bought one two years ago and it has ghttps://www.amazon.com/dp/B00OCCHJV0/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_0iven exceptional service. I purchased four more recently (2 packs of 2 each) and have enough power to edge my 6,000 sq. ft. lawn and use the B&D electric broom (blower) with a couple of batteries still on full power. I will never buy a Black & Decker battery again. B&D lasts a year or less. Warranty replacement batteries last less than that.
1,Don't like it..
1,I purchased a large box of these a long time ago, finally used the last one and ordered more.  When I opened the outer box, the inner box was open, the bag containing the masks was open, and there is a dreadful smell coming from the masks.  I don't even know how to describe it.  I don't know if it's from the manufacturing process or the way the company who sold them stored them, but they are going back!		I called 3M to ask about whether these should have a big smell.  They did say the inner bag would be left open, and that there might be some "off-gassing" if they were brand new, but she said it should not be worse than a "new car smell".  I think the bottom line might be if you are a person who thinks that new carpeting, brand new cars, and Harbor Freight stores have no significant smell, these might be for you.  Otherwise, shop elsewhere...
1,The reason I am giving this ONE star is because I received ONE flashlight.  The flashlight is good.  Light weight, compact and it gives off enough light to illuminate your path into a dark room.
1,Read reviews and was excited about finally having a nice RED (aka for night use) headlamp.  Made the order, item arrived, but apparently I didn't notice the pull down to select the RED (or green) version versus the plain white which is the default.  My mistake, and I opened it so not attempting to send back since my fault.  And, it's a pretty nice headlamp, but can get white headlamps all day long for less.  Ordered the red version today and will review when it arrives.		Specifically made this a one star for those that read high / low reviews only; perhaps might save someone else from making same mistake.  IMO it would be much better to have entirely different products vs one with a  "sub-menu" pull down for color.
1,MADE IN CHINA. This is the first time I have ever purchased a wet stone and I specifically wanted a stone made in Japan because I trust and prefer Japanese quality. I believe the advertising is misleading in that they call it a Kota Japan Water Stone which led me to believe it was made in Japan. It is made in CHINA. I just received it and because I don't have any experience with whetstones I don't really know if it is a good or poor stone but I don't trust the company. For that reason I am giving them one star. I used this stone yesterday for almost an hour and it seems to work OK. I don't like the embedded black characters embedded into the "8000" grit side  because they seems to catch the knife blade when sharpening. This being my first stone and not having a comparison I would have to give it three stars for use.
1,Regret this purchase. Bought it because it was cheap. It's as ugly as it looks. The screw wasn't long enough to fully secure it to the outlet (yes I took the wall plate off). It's loose, and wiggles around when I plug or unplug things. Two stars because the angled sockets are useful to minimize wall warts blocking adjacent outlets. But in the interest of having it not look terrible (big gap visible between it and the wall), and the looseness/wiggling, it will be replaced with a higher quality product.
1,First thing to look is the head pad, it is very cheap and cuts into the noggin after an hour or two, the ear muff padding is thin feels like it. Adjustment is very stiff and doesn't work well at all. The reception is marginal. All in all I am not happy with this for long hours of use, like mowing grass.
1,Defective. I tried 3 different batteries. Oh,well it happens. The refund was fast and trouble free.
1,I bought this light in October 2011 and it stopped working properly in May 2014.  Now, the LEDs only come on when the electrical cord is plugged in, so I'm guessing either the batteries are shot or the battery charger is shot.  Maybe the batteries couldn't handle sitting in my unheated garage during this past winter's polar vortex period.		When it was working, the light was plenty bright, but I found the size and shape to be a bit awkward when working on my car.  It often seemed the light was weighted such that the LEDs were pointed down when the light was laid flat on the ground.		The light worked fine when doing work in my attic, I could stand the light upright on the floor and direct it to cast light on the area I was working.		The hook on top is plastic, seems very cheap and frail, and doesn't swivel, so I didn't use it much.
1,Tried using these for dusk to dawn light on our Hotel walkway. If direct sun does not hit the eye, they stay on all day. Pretty much worthless to me as the walkway is on the West side of the Hotel.
1,initially gave this product 5 stars. It worked great to shadow 5 drawers of my rollaway toolbox...then the heating element gave out. Ive only had this tool for a few days, and its already toast. Im very disappointed, as it worked great starting out.
1,EDIT (June 1 2016) . Now downgrading from 4 to 1 star.  2nd bulb failed after a couple months.  Again, if the manufacturer can say my installation is inappropriate and has contributed to the short bulb life, I'll change my rating, until then, these bulbs have shown themselves now twice to be of poor quality.  ORIGINAL REVIEW:  Seems like a good product....but...I have the two bulbs mounted in outside fixtures...they stay dry, and the bulbs get plenty of ventilation (if that even matters).  One of the two bulbs failed after 5 months, running perhaps 5 hours per day (so the bulb failed after just 1.5% of it's claimed life).  I just ordered a 2nd pair.  So for now I am giving 4 stars, but if I get another failure soon, I'll be dropping my rating significantly.  I see the description says "indoor use only"...but there are "indoor" applications that are unheated, right?  So I'd think the bulbs would be A-OK in my application.  Still, if I am using the bulb wrong, I'll be the first to admit it, and NOT downgrade my rating.
1,This product is surprisingly low quality.  The stands for the lights and spikes are small and light weight.  I am comparing this to the previous $40 path lights that were OK quality and worked well but are no longer available.  However, what got my goat about this product is the poorly designed manner which the light bases attach to the power cable.  The power cable is really thick (good!) but the connection to the base relies on a cam to push the contact spikes into the  power cable.  The spikes are not long enough to penetrate the cable enough and the cam does not press the cable into the spikes enough to make good contact.  I messed around a lot trying to get the lights to work.  Pressed the cable hard into the spikes before setting the cam and the things would light for a while and then before the night was over there would be several dark lamps. Also, this one comes with a light sensor which means that they burn all night and not like before with the timer.  That's enough complaining out of me.  I will send it all back and buy something else of high quality, although it will cost more.
1,The faucet I got had some white paint spots on it. Either the paint on faucet had gone bad or somebody sprayed something with white paint near it.
1,Impossible to ignite with one hand, I have to hit the bottom on the table or something to ignite. Poor design!
1,Maybe it was user error but we could not get this to work on a cabinet refinishing project we were doing. I was so disappointed because based on the other reviews it's seems most people like this product
1,This looks amazing, installation is really easy, looks clean and nice, but there is zero water pressure from either the rainfall or the wand.  You can only use one at a time so not for 2 people. New rainfall head would fix the top water pressure, but the wand isn't getting water pressure from the valve so no fix for that.  And the fact that you can only use one at a time is a huge fail.  Would not recommend getting this unless it is just for one person and you replace the rainfall showerhead.
1,Wenger pliers kind of stink. They move when you squeeze the jaws together, don't fit together very well, and are less stout than the Victorinox ones.  I don't know why Victorinox brought back the Wenger pliers.	Other than that (and the stupid blade lock mechanism that sticks out too far and hangs on my pocket, this is a good knife.  Ill give it to one of my kids.
1,Snap on? HA!!!		try this instead:http://www.amazon.com/b?node=2515126011
1,Didn't work. Had to return
1,I bought 4 of these in Nov 2016 and one is already dead in April 2018
1,poor quality, Would not recommend use on your soundboard.
1,This product was wonderful when it was working.  It failed.  Changed batteries and still the LED has failed.		What a disappointment!
1,great idea, using a stout blade on a jigsaw to do some of the things a sawzall (or other reciprocating saw) is used for, which i learned about from the local bosch rep (who, however, said such blades are only sold in europe). just because it's T-shank doesn't mean it will fit your bosch jigsaw. it doesn't fit mine, not (as far as i can tell) because the actual T or the actual shank appear to vary in shape, size, or proportion more than other third-party Ts and shanks do, but because the blade part starts too close to the shank part to fully insert into the jigsaw's blade-holding mount.
1,easier to grip than the ones with a hole in the sides.  doesn't work for wider door knobs, which I have... it actually made the door easier to open for small hands that shouldn't open doors.  http://www.amazon.com/Kwikset-Cove-Half-Dummy-Venetian-Bronze/dp/B002F4AHH0/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1422036288&sr=8-1&keywords=Cove+venetian+door+handle
1,Cheap plastic, that doesn't hold 1/2 pex very good at all
1,Working outside it flogged up my glasses. Couldn't use it to work in the yard.
1,Not nearly bright enough for my needs (inside a closet), even with two.
1,Not what IR was in the past. As other have pointed out the retainer spring breaks fast. No big deal this is expected with any retainer spring.	The issueI have is the barrel coming loss all the time. The barrel band is warped.		Keep in mind I have this thing a hand full if that times in the 3 years I've had it. IR is making some real junk lately. I've had some real issues with there other Pneumatic tools as well. It never was like this in the past!!! What's changed??
1,I bought this lock hoping to increase security of my house by eliminating the possibility of lock-picking it.		I was shocked when realized that all you need to do, to open this lock is to pierce the thin layer of metal (aluminum?) on this round piece that says "SMART Doorlock" and rotate a plastic part with a screw-driver. I am not a lock-picker, but I could easily open this lock if I needed to.		This lock is a spittle in a face of safety - do not buy it.
1,After owning this saw 11 months I just picked it up from service got fixed under warranty. I love the sky hook main reason I bought it. Powerful enough for most applications. Don't like blade holding mechanism. Didn't hold blade after 9 months of light use. Probably get another 6 months out of it and most likely I will put it right next to the other Bosch tools I have sitting on the shelf.	Bosch if you listening please use the same blade holding mechanism what you had before or are still in use on the top of the line saws. Plus don't take the hooks away from the saws this is one of the best feature it has. While we talking I could keep going on about the changes made to your Jig saws and table saws etc. Please don't try to change things what works. Thank you!
1,stupid and pricey. wish i returned it.
1,It's a trinket not a tool. The ST53100 was apparently born of the Transformers craze and is likely most interesting to those that share the same fascination with transforming something that could be used as a key ring into a working tool.  Yes it does go from a key ring of sorts to a tool with "19" individual things. As a key ring it is heavy however the thing is held together by rivets that quickly become loose. I have had to put a rubber band around it to keep it from transforming itself into a loose collection of metal parts. A piece of heavy tape would also likely work.		The tools are marginally functional, I have yet had the need to drill a hole (bore a hole) or measure anything. It's a good thing because the "ruler" isn't very well calibrated. I suppose that when I need a screw driver it will provide some level of performance at least once.  Oh, I did use the bottle opener once and it did work ok but it was an exercise to get the thing unfolded and find the bottle opener.  More a novelty than an even marginally functional tool.		Would not recommend this product to a friend or an enemy.
1,First it worked for the first shower, then began to whine loudly. It is pretty, the lights bright, but you have to keep the water pressure low or the noise is annoying. And, they sent the one that changes color with water temperature, not the color fading one I ordered. I tried one from another vendor, a different model and it failed after three showers, screeched and the lights went out permanently. Too bad, it's a neat idea, but made too cheaply. I would have paid more for one properly made, but they went the cheap route and made junk.
1,I am disappointed in these bars :(  I purchased these for my sliding door - the slider has some play in & if you try to use just one bar, either at the top or bottom, they don't secure the door. If you mount at the top, it collapses & falls out. If you load only at the bottom, it collapses. So, I have to use both in order to secure the door, but constantly have to readjust. Very disappointed.
1,I bought 2, both of them are not working, when turned on it did wait for 2 hours giving vibrated red then get the correct light for first one.	second one until now not giving the correct color.	Im not recommending this to buy even in 50 cent.
1,Battery does not fit my milwaukee tool. It fits so tight that I must pound it in and use the grip of death to remove it.
1,Died...1  day before 30 days...
1,I bought 2 packs of these bulbs and one of the bulbs was shattered when I received the package and another died within minutes of use.  The "Soft White" is more of a harsh bright white.  Amazon did send me free replacements for the bad bulbs but I'm not sure how much I can stand the brightness of these bulbs.
1,does not work, lights up with just a breeze of door air. then nothing.
1,The bolt turns and you can't lock it half the time without spinning it into the proper position.
1,Call me silly, but I couldn't get this to work at all. Water was everywhere but on my behind! Bottle was hard to squeeze, so I couldn't get a good enough grip to get a good spray. I returned it.
1,While installation is easy I'm really disappointed with the length of time it provides usable light. I live in Los Angeles so daytime light to charge the unit isn't an issue, but after a week of use I can't get more than 3 hours of light. After 2 hours it typically starts to fade out until turning off completely around hour 3. Even on the low light setting this continues to happen. I've tried placing it at different points in my yard to get better sunlight coverage, but that still hasn't solved the problem. I even put it side by side next to two other solar powered lights for comparison sake. The other lights are providing over 8 hours of light. I'm also not sure why the ground steak fits so loosely with the light and solar panel component. When the wind pick up it shifts the direction of the light away from where I positioned it. I'll be sending it back for a refund.
1,O-ring blew out after 15 minutes at 100 psi on a bostitch nail gun.  I use pneumatic tools everyday and this is the first time I've had this issue.
1,Broke first use. I  still have an auger bit in it I can't get out
1,I have used this drill a number of times going through studs in the basement and in walls in order to drill for electrical wire installation. The major gripe I have is that the chuck is very difficult to work when removing a drill bit. It does not have a key and there is not much room for 2 hands - one to hold and the other to unscrew. I have had to use pliers a number of times just to remove a bit.
1,The bags themselves are fine; they are just very poorly designed for the unit they go with. They fit around the canister rather than go stand up off the bottom of the unit. These bags stay off the bottom at least 4-5" so as they fill up they pull off the part of the cord going into the  canister.
1,Bought it for sink installation and the 15/16 is missing.
1,Motor burned out after 7 or 8 uses
1,I love the way it looks, but the hardware to hang the towel rack didn't fit inside the hole so we had to hammer it and fild it down until it would fit over the lip to hold it up. The screw is "hidden" and a set screw on the bottom attached the towel ring to the metal bracket that you screw to the wall, but the bracket was just barely out of spec and it wouldn't fit.		I stuck the stainless steel hidden part in a vice and kept filing away at it and hammering it to be flat and keep it's shape until it finally fit. It looks great and is sturdy, but I'm not sure everyone has those tools!
1,I hate these. They don't stick particularly well and the rubber seems low quality and likely to disintegrate after a year or two. They went straight in the trash.
1,I thought they'd be really small and hard to make.  They're not: cut your own if you're the least bit handy with a saw.
1,not working anymore so sad
1,Bought in May stopped working properly in December.  I will not be buying another bulb with a motion sensor built in.  Have an order in for a motion sensor with socket for any bulb 60W or less.  At least, then, if the sensor goes out I should have a LED bulb that will still function for the long life expected.  I came home to see it was dim and not responding to motion.  It can be turned on with the switch but only for short times and not trusted.  Interesting idea and very useful for as long as it worked but suspect separating motion sensor function from the bulb is the way to go.
1,USED 3/8 INCH DRIVE UNDER LOW TORQUE JOB USE.  IT SNAPPED ON SHANK.  WOULD NOT BUY OR RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT.
1,I had relied on the Amazon product page description that states comes complete with a tubular Edison bulb. I hadnt seen that a different page, the one in Vine, states Bulbs not included in the fixture.		I do very much like the sconce itself; when I saw the picture of the lit product, I immediately ordered it. The day it was delivered I talked DH into installing it, despite him already having a big To Do list. Luckily, he realized there was no bulb included before he wasted time taking down and putting back up the old fixture. On their Amazon page, the offerings from WestMenLights don't include an option for ordering the bulb alone. Ill pop by the local big box store at lunch to get the bulb and DH will give installing the fixture another go. For now, I am rating this just okay until I get the bulb to install.		Update: Neither of the big box stores sell the antique looking tubular Edison bulbs. Short, squat ones were available, but not any that would fit in the sconce. Ill check WestMenLights page at Amazon periodically and hopefully find a bulb to order. If not, Ill probably downgrade my review to I don't like it.
1,I bought this blade to re-saw Pine on my Delta Band Saw.  I could not do it.  I don"t know how many board feet of wood I have re-sawed on my saw, but it must me many hundreds.  I set up my saw twice with this blade, but no good.  Put my old blade on the saw and it worked fine, and it"s getting dull.  I can't see anything wrong withe the blade, but there must be something I can' see.  My old blade is also an Olson.
1,Piece of Chinese made junk.  I sent mine back, nothing on it worked.  No response from any place on it, when putting in the batteries.
1,Arrived with one side of the center shattered, not sure what hit it, but there was plastic all over in the box when I received it.  Took it out and it still works ok, so didn't want to deal with the hassle of returning and replacing it since we are in a full blown kitchen remodel.  Pretty disappointed in having a broken case as it seems like it is super nice if it weren't broken.
1,Received 2 defective units. Two days later the third one became very weak.		Not worth the time or money.
1,It works the first couple times but the bit melts fast to the point where it becomes a regular bit. Good idea bad execution.
1,Didnot work and exchange closed because I am back to Canada.
1,This item will not stay connected to the main box.
1,These have so much potential. If they worked correctly, I'd love them!	The problem is the lights will sporadically get brighter when no motion is occurring. They dim when they're supposed to, but they randomly turn bright for no reason. It's my understanding that the light output should only increase upon detection of motion. Sadly, I've returned them.		Disappointing. I really wanted to like these!
1,Fused after few days
1,This thing will over-charge your battery and ruin it if you leave it charging more than a day. Spend a few $$$ more and get the smart charger (the orange one) it will not keep charging when the battery is full. Also the power on the unit will fry-out if left plugged in.
1,Sprayed for about half the can then stopped.  Followed directions exactly and the recommendations in other reviews.  Completely disappointed.  Not worth the money spent.  The nozzle is also a poor design that breaks easily.  Definitely stay away from this one.
1,The "quick release" hinges are a joke. The seat is constantly coming loose. Tightening the screws prevents the quick release snaps from engaging, so no matter if it's tightly installed or not, it is not secure. I'm going to seek a return.
1,One failed after a month, and the other lasted a year. Blah.
1,Says indoor safe on product description, but in actual manual describes it as not safe at all, like you need to have proper ventilation because of CO2... Confusing. Not even going to try this..
1,Ok, but missing a few screws
1,The outside light that the photocell was contacted too wouldn't stop turning ON and OFF throughout the day, but at nighttime worked as it should. None the less, I disconnected the photocell and replaced it with another one. WHICH WORKED correctly.
1,The flanges for screwing the lid to the riser are soft/weak. When I screwed the lid onto the riser, one of the screws pulled through the flange, and I was NOT applying very much force to the screwdriver, only enough to get the lid gasket firmly seated against the riser.
1,not easy to put on the walls as the instructions say
1,The description should clearly state that this needs an air compressor which is not included.
1,tried in several places for hairline cracks on ceilings and walls. Still had to use texture. You could definitely see the tape after repair.
1,This product does what it is supposed to but the mounting screws are strangely oversized and mad from a rather soft metal that strips easy. It was easier to get a regular screw and washer than send the product back.
1,Not sure if I am doing something wrong but the pliers don't grip tighten enough to be useful.  If all you want to do is hold something with out they are OK but to try and use them to use them with any force  just does not work
1,one of my flashlights stopped working.
1,This switch is awful, firstly quite the nightmare to install and we just cannot get the numbers and fan speeds to line up, so we are stuck with 1 being fastest and 4 being least. It is easy enough to slide back and forth, though it makes a loud click with each increase. Overall I wish there was a better option but many of the other switches are made for fans with lightkits and we don't have a light. Not very impressed with this switch. We will be looking for a different brand with our next fan.
1,The quality wasn't that good as I would expected for a punch, because it was made out of aluminum. The tool might be good for one or two jobs before it useless.
1,Adjustable lense slides up and down instead of turning, hard to focus and maintain the lense position when it can slide back or forth as you aim the flash light.	 Not worth  the price!
1,After less than 3 months of light use the blade snapped at the weld. Not sure what happened: the saw suddenly slowed down as if under some kind of drag then there was a loud snap/pop. The blade had broken at the weld. I'm going to chance another one, but not very happy right now.
1,Lights dead already after less than 3 months mounted on my porch, the light was dim even when it work, not worth of the money.
1,Too large. Very heavy. Clumsy. This is REALLY tall, too tall for most of my ceilings and too tall to carry from one room to the next. Forget about turning corners.
1,Does not lite well. Will not lite at all if you push the button like other torches. I have to put the tip against something to pool the butane then push the button and pull the torch away be for it burns something.
1,This thing has a good glass but the wing nuts are crap...I guess ill replace the hardware with some small nuts and bolts. I
1,Incredibly overpriced. Unjustifiably more expensive than Leviton or Eaton receptacles.
1,This is not 2" wide as described in the product listing and also on the package label!  It is 1.88" wide.  This really messed up my timetable and we had to settle for 1.88" wide stripes when we really needed at least 2" stripes.  It is horrible that a manufacturer cannot get an accurate description on their product for something so straight forward.
1,"CAUTION: SHARP EDGES	Use extreme care and protective eyewear when handling ZIP-IT (r) tool. Throw away after each use. DO NOT attempt to clean, sharp edges could cause injury."
1,I bought this product after searching for solar spot light. I recently installed a 20 ft flag pole. I want to.light the flag at night. After reading and searching I came up with the Nature Power 21130. Although a bit pricey i though the 16 led lights would do the job. After charging the battery I turned it on auto and was very disappointed. It lit the first 4-5 feet. The flag is still in the dark. If you are trying to project light any distance at all this is not the product to do the job.	Disappointed.
1,I am using this in be garage to close the door to my office and it does not close completely.  I have tried adjusting the hing several times and it just does not work.  Don't wast your money.
1,Total junk.  Do not waste your money.  The tool I received is not the tool pictured (similar but not the same).  The picture shows a black case-hardened main screw.  The actual tool has a soft-steel screw and handle.  It is a flimsy, low-quality tool.  On its first use, the prongs bent and the threads on the main screw stripped and then the tool all but fell-apart. I know... I know... for the price... what do you expect?  Even for the price, I expected a little more.  It also does not come with the necessary pipe insert.  This must be purchased separately (for about $10).  Spend the money on a better quality tool.  It is worth it.
1,Ive ordered these bulbs twice and they don't last very long. A standard led bulb should last years. Some of these bulbs lasted less than a year.
1,Would not zoom.
1,They are fine in the beginning; however, it won't be long before the prongs corrode on them causing failures until you can scrape off the corrosion.
1,Is off on the reading tested against my meter
1,There are others brighter and better.
1,Bought 2 of these. They get used daily, after 5 months 1 stopped working.
1,The display on the unit I received stays lit all the time and a new set of duracells went bad right away.  I tried the software reset, and reprogramming the temperature.  If you hit the "light" button it is supposed to stay on for 15 seconds and then go off if you don't hit any other buttons.  I've tried this and the backlight stays on continuously forever if you hit that button on mine, and kills the battery.  Also you can't hit the "Menu" button and program this one, because when you hit the menu but it gives you about half a second of seeing the "scroll" and "yes" options.  I've managed to take the unit off to try to program it using 2 hands since the menu goes away so fast, and I was able to get to the usage menu, which only remained just long enough to see it and then goes back to the original screen again.  I plan to call tech support next week, or re-hook up my old mercury based thermostat which isn't convenient but is reliable.  I've gone through a set of batteries in 1 day.  If the unit I received worked properly I think I would like it very much.
1,Strange product; doesn't work as it says.
1,Cut like a good scissor but I never know that a titanium would rust.
1,Jung tool
1,junk
1,Motion sensor failed in just over a month...you get what you pay for.
1,Just got them today. Look at the quality  that is just not acceptable. I guess you get what you pay for..
1,So far I've only used this on my chisels. The instructions say to use the smaller, inner jaw for this. What inner jaw? I see how one might think that's a jaw  there is a small detent there  but no matter what I did, the chisels slipped all over the place, continually falling out of the device. In addition to not grabbing the tool correctly, it also allows the tool to be skewed, not square to the stone. This will really screw up the bevel.		To set the tool for the correct bevel, you need to use a ruler to measure the length of the blade forward of the vise. Between getting that measurement right, setting the blade square, and trying to find where the jaws will grab (and not slip loose in ten seconds)... this is a poorly designed tool.
1,There is a reason oil/gas companies black listed Chinese steel. I will pay for for a quality product. The 'country of origin' is not the US; do not be fooled. I will end up ensuing an older set that was made with US steel
1,I bought this (based on all the great reviews on Amazon...pffffft!) to prep a coax cable to connect to my outdoor, rooftop TV antenna transformer. First, as it says right on the tool, the grip pads are non-insulating and if you touch this tool to a hot wire you will get electrocuted. Granted, a smart person only works on dead wires but the point is that this is an electrical maintenance tool and it's not safe to use around electricity--so, I'm not impressed with that.	Second, the tool has markings on it showing which stripper opening to use for which sized coax; however, they're wrong. I was preparing a RG6U coax to put an F-connector end onto and the opening of the stripper blades marked "RG6U" was too large. Using that diamond shaped opening, the tool would only scratch and scuff the insulation and wouldn't even cut it--let alone strip it. I had to go one size down and then it was cutting into the foil wrap under the braiding.	Lastly, After fighting with this tool and finally getting a cable prepared, I slipped the connector on and placed it on the hexagonal crimp slot labled "RG6U". The tool crimped--or I should more accurately say CRUSHED--half of the connector but never made a complete locking crimp. So the connector just fell off the end of the cable crushed and unusable. I went through this drama twice (burned through 2 F-connectors out of a 4 pack) and finally just ran down to RadioShack and bought a new coax.		So basically, I used this tool for nothing more than its intended purpose, the purpose it's marketed for, and it failed at every single part of the task. I had more success using a Craftsman electrician's tool and a Victorinox swiss army knife--and I'm not kidding.		Save your money on this! If you want a coax tool, there are other ones--most likely far superior to this one--on the market.		Update: I tried to file a return for a refund on Amazon and they told me to just keep the dang thing. Even *they* don't want this piece of trash back!	So if you happen know me personally, you might look for a Klein Tools VDV010-019-SEN Coaxial Cable All-In-One Tool in your stocking this Christmas...LOL!
1,The blades are nice and sharp, and cut cleanly through every material I have tried. That being said, the handles are not at all ergonomic. Yes, they have silicone padding of some kind on them. However, they are oddly shaped and too small to fit two fingers in the hole comfortably. I do not have particularly large hands; were these made for children? I would highly suggest buying the Class electrical shears if you want something similar with better handles.
1,I bought a case of these, and was disappointed.  The case was inside an Amazon box.  When I pulled the case out, I noticed that it had already been opened!!! The four flaps were folded in on themselves,not taped and sealed shut like you'd expect when you order a whole case of something.  Okay, um, thanks for sending me a previously opened case??? All 20 were present, but not sure why the case was open unless they had a partial box languishing in a warehouse and just topped it off.		Even worse, 2 of my 20 rations were not sealed!  Each 3600 bar is supposed to be vacuum-sealed, and each bar has large red letters that say "do not eat if seal is broken."  Its obvious which ones have a good seal and which are bad. Anyone who has used a foodsaver knows the difference.		Well, you can imagine how much distrust that creates for a product, when it arrives already opened and 10% are not safe to eat.		Now I'm not sure if I can (or should) trust any of the bars I received in the case.  What a waste!
1,Avoid this one. Glad I did not buy another one. This one I purchased about the same time works like new after 2 years.		The battery failed in a little over two years. I purchased a second one of these from eBay to replace it. 2AH Battery for DEWALT DW9071 DW9072 DC9071 12V 12 VOLT	IMAX_EXPERT		http://www.ebay.com/itm/NEW-12V-12-VOLT-BATTERY-FOR-DEWALT-DC9071-DW9071-DW9072-/110709412470?hash=item19c6cb9276
1,This unit was a major pain to use and I'm thinking of sending it back. It has 2 slots for the thumb screw, 1 straight slot and a curved slot. Trying to slide the unit along the curved slot is a nightmare and it doesn't want to move. Yes I loosen both of the thumb screws to the point they would fall off but it still doesn't want to slide freely. The metal piece that sits on the miter track is also poorly designed, it only expands at 1 point to fit the miter track so the other end of it would wiggle.
1,This product doesn't fit with any hose adapter (splice or y-fitting or blast gate), only on W4224. I am very disappointed by it !!!
1,Only one of the two torchs worked. This thing is marketed under a number of names, to me they are all identical, don't last last long, and each generation is more cheaply made than the last. Usually within months the on/off button fails. This is the first time one didn't work out of the box and I'm done being a sucker. It's not a 'deal' if it doesn't work.
1,Ordered this through amazon warehouse deals. Looked good when I received it but did not work. Used the wire to turn it on but it did not light. Charged in the sun for a day checked it at night still would not come on. Pushed the switch again in case it was already on when I received it since it was a warehouse deal, nothing. Charged for one more day and still nothing. Returned it for a refund. Have a similar one (different brand) that has been working for a year.
1,The screws supplied to mount this are an absolute joke. It has sat on my garage floor for the past year. Yes, I could use better wood screws, but I don't really want to bother with it at this point. Wish I would have returned it.
1,Works great and looks cool until day 2 of running. 2 of lights quit working
1,Stopped working a few months after installed.
1,Failed after less than two year - maybe because it was not watertight for outside. This is the second one of this brand that failed.
1,Junk Bought it in April 2017  already broken  switch seems to be working main outlet  box not activating for some reason  unplug it and plug it back in and sometimes it works  only one time have to keep unplugging it from outlet  ,This is Garbage . Do not buy this product  Not heavy Duty	JUNK
1,The so called "Wilker Survival Kit Emergency SOS Survive Tool Pack for Camping Hiking Hunting Biking Climbing Traveling and Emergency" is a joke. Do not waste your money.
1,Is it just me, or is this too complicated? My "included with my light switch" 10 cent test light saved the day when I wanted to check for 12 volts on my car's electric window motor. It's pretty, but the instructions leave something to be desired.
1,If you have a water softener do not buy this water heater. This heater includes a magnesium zinc anode which will, within a few weeks, produce gray stinky rotten egg smelling water.  The magnesium zinc anode is not compatible with the ions contained in softened water. After discussions with Reliance customer service I discovered that a POSSIBLE solution is to replace the anode with a KA90 aluminum zinc anode which  is sold by Reliance for $50. Also be forewarned that is is no easy task to replace the anode. Also be advised that the heater you receive may not have the same connection locations as the picture. The pressure relief valve on mine is on the right side. This is the opposite side from the water line connections.
1,The medium sized extractor broke without excessive torque. The Irwin set I bought is much more robust (stronger).
1,doesn't stay lit very long
1,It's a good plan B in case wiring the old fashioned way is impossible. But be aware that if it doesn't work, it can be difficult to troubleshoot.		I had a Transmitter/Receiver combo when I moved in to my house. Suddenly, the lights this combo used to control, stopped working with the switch. Now, which one broke? TX or RX?... so I bought one, replaced it, and still nothing. So, I bought the other saying "this must be it". At that point, you already went through the inconvenience of ordering twice, and IF IT WORKS, then returning the first device (trip times to the post office). In my case, I had extra work: it still didn't work with both TX/RX replaced. Contacted X10's customer service, who were very nice trying to help... but it's tough to troubleshoot this bugs... they attribute the malfunctioning to excess line noise. Could be. But still didn't work.		So, after spending time installing and uninstalling, going through the return process, driving to the post office to return the items (paying shipping for one of them), I ended up calling an electrician to run the wire from the wall switch to the light (switch in first floor, light high up next to the roof... it's a security light. Tough to reach. I guess that's the reason previous owners chickened out from running wires and used this x10 approach).		Old-fashioned way costs: $190 + ~$100 to patch the drywall and paint.	x10 approach (in case it works the first time): approx $70 (RX plus TX, not including your own installation time... if you will do it). If doesn't work, add the extra inconvenience described above.		You be the judge. In my case, I preferred the old-fashioned way: solid, will NEVER fail, well-know... but a bit pricey. I still preferred it... and I did it at the end. Your case... it may make sense x10 approach
1,Only 2 out of 4 I bought work. Nice concept, try a different brand.
1,No good very fragile first hole it bend and broke the tip on a new wood 2x4	do not recommend
1,Some colors flicker horribly, and the white has an awful tone that I can't even read in. Switched back to my plain 9W LED which is far brighter and easier on the eyes. Useful only if you want a dim red light.
1,How is this rated as "100 watt Incandescent equivalent",and 23 watt equivalent flourescent, when both of these have a 1600 Lumen (brightness level measurement), and this has only 950 lumens?  IMO, this is another example of LED manufacturers playing fast and loose with equivalencies, as there are no enforceable standards.  Also note this is NOT UL approved, so no licensed Electrician can legally install it, as other similar luminares by this seller.  Does not offer standard outlet box mounting, requires the furnished wires to be removed, and does not comply with the National Electrical Code wiring methods as delivered, requiring additional listed parts and wiring methods.
1,The gasket supplied with the product isn't notched to fit the base, so I had to cut a couple notches, as I didn't want to risk rain being blown into the base.  This gasket is also very difficult to install.  The supplied screws are of very soft metal and the Phillips heads can be easily stripped.  I solved these problems, because I had purchased it, but it requires a handyman for a couple hours to deal with the poor design/manufacturing issues.
1,I had no idea when I purchased this that it was too large to replace my previous disposer. I tried to install myself but found it wouldn't fit. I ended up calling a plummer and he told me it was made for restaurants. If I wanted to use this one he would have to reconfigure my piping under my sink and it would be more than him installing it. So I ended up returning this back to Amazon. I'm sure the unit works fine but beware of you pipe configuration before purchase.
1,Got this for the case, it came with a completely different one that is difficult to use.  Amazon said:		" I can confirm from the item's inventory that there was an error in assembling the package and you were supposed to receive what was pictured.		I can assure you that we will be sending the correct Fuller Tool 130-8030 30-Piece Combo SAE/Metric Hex Key Set. Please consider this an isolated case. "		The second shipment was the same wrong case.
1,These glasses look nice but mine arrived with a bent earpiece so they constantly feel crooked on my head. The lenses are very clear and have a light Tint  to them. I buy glasses on Amazon all the time for work and usually go with the carhartt carbondale. Which I never have an issue with but thought I would switch it up. Wish I hadn't.
1,Quit working and even though it was within the month period that Amazon normally accepts returns....would not give a refund or replacement. Nice lights when they work...but if they don't ...you are stuck with them.
1,too short for most standard installations.
1,When I read about this tap and die set I was thinking I would get something better than one I purchased from another tool import company.  I was disappointed with the quality when it came in.  Other than the titanium coating is was just the same.  I would spend more money and buy a set worth owning.  I felt this set was over priced for what it was.
1,It lasted 2 days on the sound. The buttons on it to do the functions weren`t there. The light worked on and off. Buy something else.
1,Another one of my old attempts of trying to buy a cheap mini/pocket flashlight. This suck and for me it has been that I get what I pay for. I learned to spend a little more and got a Fenix LD02 which in my opinion is much much better!
1,Bought these in a pinch as they were the only ones brand I could find with the wattage I needed while I was out.  I had the virtually the same results as another reviewer when putting these in a ceiling fan.  One lasted 3 weeks and the other made it almost 2 months.  I got them locally on sale at $4.50/piece.  This is an expensive replacement.  This is not the first time I have had trouble with Sylvania CFL bulbs.  The others were standard size screw in type.  Now I am more careful not to buy anything with their name on it.  The only Sylvania bulbs that were good were the ones with the slits in the base.  Assuming they allowed electronics to stay cooler.  Have replaced the fan lights with Feit candelabra CFL now and they were cheaper.  Wrote dates on them.  Will see how they hold up. It took me a while of paying attention to brand and how long they lasted around the house but I have learned my lesson now.
1,Hard to use, lower quality. Does not make life easier for hanging pictures.
1,I purchased this timer because it had two outlets. The first one I received was faulty, the display did not activate and there was no way to start/set it.	The replacement I received after I returned it lasted exactly one day....again, the display went into default mode and I was unable to reset anything.	When I unplugged the timer from the outlet I noticed a rattling sound inside, as if something inside had popped (fuse?). There is also a 'dimple' on the side of the unit that I did not notice earlier.	Concerned that maybe my outlet was the problem I had my local electrician test it (no problem), then plugged in another timer and have had no problem since.	Most likely there is a flaw in the electrical wiring inside the Woods timer.	The Woods timer is going back to Amazon - again. This time for a refund.
1,good in concept but lousy quality. Speaker sounds like a tin can and it buzzes when there's no audio. The electrical shielding is bad.
1,I bought this item after using a similar style stripper for work.  I figured I could save a little money and buy this instead of the one I used.  I was wrong.  This stripper did not grip the wire insulation on either the 14 gauge or 10 gauge wire I was using for a recent project.  The cutting jaws did a nice job clipping through the insulation and down to the copper without damaging it, but I had to pull the wire through.  So much for being Automatic.  I will be returning these and spending the money on a better stripper.
1,I bought this light before and it worked fine, this one didn't work so I did as some of the reviews suggested and replaced the batteries.  It now works but don't really think you should purchase an item with a battery that doesn't work.  Call me crazy but don't think this is right.  I bought another light and returned it because the battery didn't work.  I really needed this light because I gave my other one to a friend and we RV so these lights are really useful.
1,Does not fit correctly and every fitting leaks even when connected to its mate out of the same packaging.
1,The word "Most" is misleading.. There aren't any hole combinations that fit my router, but the irony is, if they didn't have so many pre-cut holes, I could have drilled and tapped my own for my router.  Sent it back.
1,Sent a Mini mag in for warranty, battery leak. they sold me a mini mag Pro Plus for 21 dollars. 2 months later the flash light stop working after going on then off again again.  Will sent it in again. I hope the 2 d cell i purchase won't quit on me.
1,Moen is usually good! This item had a bad pump and the spout was about an inch to short for my needs. Returned for credit, Amazon is Great. Purchased a Kohler soap dispenser which worked great in all respects, unfortunately not available through Amazon.
1,Stopped working after a couple months of use.  Defective and past the return window thorough amazon.  Suggest avoiding this product
1,This product itself works great, however, the nozzle on the can is not a wide spray nozzle and my finished project was not smooth.  If it had a wide-spray nozzle, it would be a 5 star rating
1,No too impressed with the life of the product.  Received it yesterday, worked great.  Loved it, illumination level was perfect, motion sensing was fine.  Dusk comes along tonight - doesn't turn on!!!  Different sockets, complete darkness, close up, far away - just sits there, dead....		Well, the replacement arrived and while it lasted longer than the first, I have issues with the performance.  The "cone of activation" is very narrow.  You have to be right underneath the light bulb to turn the light on - about 6 feet.  Once the light is on, it only stays lit for about 10 seconds or less.  Way too short "on time" to be useful.		On a positive note, the amount of light is great for navigating through my garage; if only the sensing were better and "on" time were 30-60 seconds as promised.
1,I was disappointed in these cords.  They are skinny ropes, and the hooks do not look strong.  The 24 inch cord includes the length of the hook instead of just the rope.  These might be okay for the price for 6 cords, but they are not high quality.	Update: The smell of these is like burnt rubber.  I thought the horrible smell was from another product that was in the same box from Amazon, but it turned out to be these ropes.  I had to toss them and the box they came in and hopefully not the rest of the products that they contaminated with their smell.
1,After purchasing a Newborn 930-GTD Drip-Free Smooth Hex Rod Cradle Caulking Gun with Gator Trigger Comfort Grip, 1/10 Gallon Cartridge, 10:1 Thrust Ratio from Amazon, which I absolutely loved, I bought one of these. My thought was, if the Newborn 930 was good and this is more expensive it must be even better. I don't like this gun at all. It leaks a tablespoon of sealant after every squeeze. Even leaks when I pull back on the plunger after each use. It's thrown in a bucket and only used for roofing tar now. And it even leaks with that stuff which is about as thick as you can get. This might be useable for subfloor adhesive in freezing temps. That's about it. To qualify this, I am a contractor and understand that this is a higher thrust gun for thicker viscosity materials. It still leaks even when used with the products it was designed for.
1,Was gluey and sticky, didn't work well at all. Maybe a bad batch?
1,I thought it was going to be bigger. Like they say ,small light. little light. Gave to my mother she loves it.
1,Dead on arrival. Switch stuck and will not turn off. Beam of light is a bit fuzzy. returned
1,Received this same flashlight the other day.	I put the battery on the charger because I thought it was the reason the flashlight wasn't working.	Nope, brand new never used and the flashlight never worked.	I was able to get a full refund
1,This is a review of the Master Lock 653D with a set your own combination feature.  For full disclosure, I am no locksmith or lock picker.  Just a guy wanting to add a layer of protection for my tools.  This is a simple lock that is easy to set the combination, easy to operate, and has worked consistently over the past several months that I had the lock.		Positives:	1. Simple process to set your own combination with the instructions listed on the packaging.	2. I have four of these that have been in use over 4 months and each has worked reliably.	3. Substantial weight and feel to the lock.	4. Easier and faster to operate than those spin dial locks.	5. No need to add extra keys to my ever growing keychain.		Negatives:	1. I found one online video showing how to pick this lock.  However, I tried and could not replicate this on my own.	2. Just about everyone selling this product cannot guarantee which color lock they will send you.  I like to color coordinate things and this prevents me from purchasing certain colors to do so.		Overall, I rate this product a 4.6 out of 5.0 stars.  Very solid lock that is easy to use and reliable in my experience.  Should there be any failures, as indicated in other reviews, I will be sure to report them.  My only real hesitation was that review claiming this can be picked, but there are reports that just about any lock can be picked.  Thankfully, I could not replicate picking this lock.		UPDATE: 09/05/15	The rating for this light has downgraded to a 2.0 out of 5.0 stars.  The reason is that I have found a way to break into the locks.  While it provides some level of protection, those who know how to break into this lock will just need several minutes to do so.
1,Very poor quality. I used it for a boat cover, and it lasted about two months before the sun caused it to deteriorate.
1,No better than just using a cleaning rag with soap an water. Not worth the cost.
1,Amazon would be justified in asking Woodstock that question.	Described as a 2 1/2 inch elbow, but with a Product Dimension of 3 x 3 x 5 inches should be a warning to all.	I'm a big Amazon fan.  Woodstock D4235 2-1/2-Inch Elbow? ... Not so much.	I returned it.
1,These lanterns were bright at first, but 4 weeks later, they hardly work. They are very dim. I would not buy them again. I am shopping for new lanterns to replace them. Disappointed.
1,you get what you pay for. The mouth needed filing, I could never get the back of the blade flat, and there is a hollow right in the center of the bevel. The blade had that rainbow coloring to it like someone ground it too hot. After about a hour on the sole and the same on the blade I said the heck with it. It does work although not as good as it should. I would buy a more expensive one in the future but I would never buy this on again. This seller seemed to take their time shipping also until I tried to cancel the order, then it shipped right away.
1,Don't  buy, The lever lock makes friction with the graduation lines  causing them to be erased.  Had one never buy it again poor design!!
1,Very disappointed! Stopped working less then a month after using it. I have another different one that still works, and been using that. This one was bad, and also the speed is slower then my other one which suppose to be the same speed.  Would never buy this kind again! Beware
1,Looks nothing like the picture. Do not order this! Totally unhappy
1,I purchased this for my crawl space a few weeks ago. We've had dampness issues and with all the Atlanta area flooding/rain, I figured it would be an asset. I'm sure it is doing some good with air movement but it's so darn loud despite having exchanged it once already and making sure to install it to manufacturer's specs. From the reviews I had read, I expected to not hear this at all. However, in my essentially ranch style home with a 3-4 foot tall crawl space, it's as loud or louder than my A/C. Even my wife who normally thinks I blow things out of proportion and am too sensative thought it was just too noisy, especially at night.		I'll probably move it to the a far corner of my home and set it for "biblical floods" only, the humidistat at 80 percent or higher. I'd give it one start but I'm sure it is moving air under the house, so it's probably doing 2 stars worth of good-but at a price.
1,Did not meet any of my expectations, a waist of my time, money, handling preparation of item. All these things and I can't get compensated for it.
1,I have 4 of these B&D 18V Ni-Cads and they are all decent performs for about a year.  After that, they start to lose charge while sitting even short periods of time (i.e., less than a month).  None of them were really good (even new) at driving my B&D String Trimmer and I needed 2 batteries just to complete the weekly lawn edge trimming.  All my batteries also became effectively useless as they all became unable to charge to an acceptable level (and that's even with me draining them occassionally - not to zero by the way).		I took apart one of these packs and replaced the Ni-Cads with Ni-Mh Sub-C sells and I'm still using that pack.  I ended up buying 2 of the Ni-Mh 3.0 AH 18V packs from another seller here and they work with the stock chargers I already have.		At $10 more, the Ni-Mh 18V B&D aftermarket packs are worth the price ----- the stock B&D Ni-Cads are simply a waste of your money.  BTW, the 20V Lithium B&D Slide Pack WILL NOT fit in you 18V B&D tools.
1,Worst hammer I ever bought
1,These are far harder to use than youd think. When I peel off the frame, no matter how gently I do it, the faux Velcro comes off. After about four tries they stuck. Too expensive for what they do, but love the idea.
1,They are the new replacement filters.  I hate them.  When you pour water out of the pitcher, the filter slides out if you are not careful.  Once I use the filter replacements up, I will trash the pitcher and get another kind of pitcher.  I ordered the old replacement filters but guess they do not make them anymore.  They sent me the new ones.  The new ones do not fit tight in the pitcher.  I was told they did.  Guess you can not believe everything a company says.
1,Regret buying these.. defiantly not good for anything that needs a little pressure to budge it. Mine twisted and remain bent on first use.
1,Sorry to say this lamp is great,(NOT.) The lamp turns on and off not at the base but on the lamp head itself. I found myself feeling blind in the dark looking for the switch when I used this for a bedside lamp. As a desk lamp it wasnot much better, if you had enough light in the room to find the lamp and then felt your way to the switch it tended to move the lamp out of position and so you have to realign it once it was on (again because the switch was on the head of the unit)  It was ok for a spot lamp but very limited for spread so again not a great desk lamp unless you have a very very small desk.. and a switched outlet to use it in. Can not recommend
1,Update:		Almost 1 month since I've had these and one has burnt out...not sure how long the other 3 will last. Bulb doesn;t get much use as it was, not sure why it didn't last as advertised.
1,In my tests, these countersinks worked okay in metal, but were worthless in wood. I tried both hardwood and softwood, with small and larger starting holes, with slower and faster drill speeds. In all cases, these countersinks chattered and left behind a ragged and chewed-up countersink. As noted above, they worked okay with metal (mild steel).		Since I work in both metal and wood, I like having countersinks that work well in both. I've found that so-called&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/single-end-countersinks/dp/B00947BQ08/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">single-end countersinks</a>&nbsp;accomplish this just fine, so in the future I'll be sticking to those.
1,So I am a homeowner DIYing a tile shower in the master bathroom. I need to drill a few holes in the tile to attach a shower grab bar. Looked at these bits, reviews were okay and they were a Bosch product so I ordered them. Big mistake. I tried drilling a practice hole in scrap CERAMIC tile and could not get through the tile within 5 minutes of trying. I was starting with the 1/4" bit (did not see any instructions on the package recommending starting small and stepping up sizes) and used water to cool the bit. Granted the package does say explicitly not for PORCELAIN tiles and many of the poor reviews here state they tried drilling porcelain but I was using ceramic tile which these bits were supposed to work on.
1,Probably a good grinder for just simple tasks,  but not for granite polishing to mirror finish.  Bogged down at low rpm with the pressure necessary to "finish" polish.  Sent it back, not right for the job.
1,material was is very thin - almost paper-like, so not very good if you're needing any rigidity or excellent protection from physical damage.
1,Very small. Elastic is super tight. Pads are just eh durable
1,I bought two of these.  The photo sensor failed right out of the box.  The ornate design of the mount also makes it impossible to mount on siding.
1,I had this light a little over a month before it started having problems. on high it started blinking intermittently.  OK no problem put in new battery and it was fine for a little while longer.  I figured it was because the battery was low. swapped out the battery with a fresh 18650 and it was OK for a day then started blinking again.  took the battery out and checked voltage.  It was still good. tried a new battery still blinking. as a LEO working at night its imperative that my light work well.  I loved the dual button switch worked great.  I liked the compact size and the availability of rechargeable batteries. Maybe I got a bad one. Not sure but I have contacted klarus for warranty claim.  I will update review at a later date when I receive a reply		UPDATE>	Its Now 11/22/2014 a week later and have not received a reply for klarususa.com support.	really disappointed as I really liked the flashlight
1,I may send it back.  I wanted to extend the doorbell to my front bedroom upstairs, a distance of about 35 feet, with a floor and a wall in between (although there is an open stairway not far from the doorbell/transmitter.  It didn't work. I tried a bathroom on the first floor, about 22 feet away.  It didn't work. I plugged the receiver into an outlet in an upstairs hallway, about 15 linear feet from the transmitter. There is an open stairwell opposite the receiver, such that one can step back from the receiver, look over the rail and downstairs, and almost see the original doorbell, about 15 feet away. In this location, the system works.		Installation was fairly simple, and the transmitter fit inside the plastic doorbell housing.  But, instead of a remote bell in my home office, I have a somewhat unattractive chime plugged into the wall in the hallway, 30 feet away. Hopefully, I'll be able to hear it.
1,I cut myself
1,Customer service was good as they refunded my money without asking for a return but the batteries simply don't hold a charge.  Fully charged (over 3 days on the charger) and they (every single one) still dim significantly after less than 30 minutes.  These "6000mah" batteries act like 200mah batteries.
1,My contractor told me the sink stopper it came with does not match the sink hole.  I had to install with its defects since I only had the contractor for two weeks and time was running out.		Now I am stuck with a leaking sink stopper.
1,I am very disappointed in this item.  I bought this to use with my dust collection system to hook up to my Makita random orbit sander.  The 2nd time I used this, the sleeve on the end that goes over the port on my sander split right up the middle.  Now, the only way to use it is to tape up this sleeve.		The hose itself feels like it's pretty decent quality, but without a way to hook it up to my sander it's not that useful.		I hope they fix this flaw, but until they I recommend against buying it, especially for the price!
1,The product doesnt measure 25 along the run. Some spots it measures 23-24 which does not work for a 25 opening. You have to cut it in a way that wastes product. The supplier should always overcut the measurement.
1,Tarp was not 8x10. I didn't measure the tarp but I bought it to fit under an 8x10 item. The 10' width was right but was about 2 feet short on the length.
1,Stopped working after a couple of uses. I did get the warrantee with Amazon. What do i do next? I did not keep the box.
1,This was very poor quality.  Worked to charges then quit.  This was the second battery and second charger I had to buy.  I trashed the entire drill	And bought a dewalt.  Will never buy another black and decker.
1,use it for 1 (one) week and the back side that connects to the hinges cracks....* CHEAP
1,couldnt fit my door, not flexible installation options
1,terrible product
1,I purchased this vac based on reviews.....most users stated the suction was more than adequate....I did not find this to be the case. I found it would not pick up a nail off the floor and it went back in the box and back to Amazon the next day. I will never again purchase a vacuum that advertises that it is "Quiet"....a good effective shop vac moves allot of air....this makes noise...deal with it...This Vac is a large, cumbersome, inefficient wad of plastic and not worth half of the $130 price IMO....I would NOT recommend this vacuum to a friend. There are several design flaws in this vac....too many too mention but the main couple being....there is no seal between the vac motor and the motor end of the suction hose...just kinda butts up against it...it leaks big time...there is no easy to grab handle to move this beast around...grab one of the motor handles on top the unit and you are in danger of detaching the blower because nothing holds it in place but a close fit...I would say that overall this machine sucks...but then again not very well. The only reason I gave it two stars instead of one is because it actually ran. Didn't do much but it did run....quietly!
1,Absolute garbage. Won't take any fluid, leaks out once you did get a little bit in. Unsafe design that can very easily be left on leading to possible fire and/or explosion. I would rate this -5 stars. Not only doesn't work properly is also unsafe. DO NOT BUY!
1,2 out of the 6 worked. They were bright and well looking. The only problem is quality control so that is why I gave 1 star since a person deserves to avoid struggle to return product.
1,Just received the sink, reckon all the parts are there. No paperwork or instructions stating what is supposed to be included. The drain hose and other materials were in a ziplock Walmart bag. Pieces of packing tape on th sink, attached to nothing. Obviously a returned product that wasn't checked very well. Since Thai just is in one piece and the main pieces are present, I'll keep it.
1,I fear my shelf will fall off the wall!
1,The wires are really, Really REALLY thin. You can't have them exposed to the elements. Otherwise, the lights work as advertised. This is not high enough quality for external mounting.
1,I ordered this item with a bulk purchase order over $1k. I later noticed the shipping on this item which made its cost highly over priced. I contacted the seller the day it was to be shipped and cancelled the order. He did not cancel the order and shipped it. He then sent me a notice to ship it back for a refund and I had to pay for the return shipping.		DO NOT PURCHASE FROM SOUTHWIRE COMPANY!  HE GETS YOU WITH THE SHIPPING GOING AND COMING.
1,Wanted a filter to appease my feelings about drinking the ingredients in tap water, and found this on a search. Saw the 5 star reviews and was like, boom. Ordered. Hardly read much besides 5 min of the front page, maybe page 2 of reviews. Im an idiot.		I wish so much that I hadnt ordered and had listened to the 1 star reviews.		First of all, if you really really research water purification (which I admittedly did not), you will learn and gain knowledge on how you're wasting time and money on this kind of system.		But the actual product review:		Installed just fine, literally a 5 min installation. Ripped open the package, unscrewed the little thing off the faucet and voila. Turned it on! Water did taste drastically different! I really liked it. The water pressure was a bit wonky coming out of such a small concentrated spout on the thing itself, but I just lived with it and just always adjusted and turned down the faucet.		After a few months, the indicator turned red, replaced it, just fine. Kept working, for another month or so.		Gradually, this is what happened to my faucet:		When you're using it, it is kind of a bulky piece. It might not seem so looking at the dimensions but it definitely is kind of a honking thing on the end of your faucet. When you use it, you twist a knob on the side on the filter. So, there is constant use and very slight pressure on the most outward head of your faucet, not great for point of pressure to be consistently being touched. I don't understand coming from a physics standpoint how you would actually design something like this without fear of leaks with the weight distribution. We rent our house but the faucet itself and kitchen is new (2014 bought) Moen faucet now leaks from the base of the faucet from the use of this filter. At least Im blaming that because we never had a problem before and I HATE this stupid thing.		When I started noticing the leaking from the base of the faucet, I didn't hate this thing yet, I just thought ah, well the faucets weird its 2 years old, I don't know anything about faucets blah blah, it must need tightening or something (Im an idiot) so I put in a work order and asked the landlord to come look at it. Then, no joke, a week later, the filter totally soaked and sprayed the kitchen from the base of the filter. Still, being dumb, I thought the filter was just loose for whatever reason. And maybe it got hit with a pan or something, and got something is off in there. Taking it apart and readjusting didn't work so I bought another filter. The same thing happened. Then the landlord handyman came to look at the leaky faucet, and basically told me I was an idiot for having one of these contraptions and they're completely made 100 percent of plastic. He was kind enough to help an old lady out and take it apart and basically say, maam. Youre wrecking your faucet (and by the way, not my faucet-we rent) and to take it off and get ur money back from wally world and showed me pieces of stripped dollar store quality plastic and how the connections were just cheap junk.		Wish I could take this back, kind dude. I hate this thing.		I do have one pro though: you are able to throw it in your recycle bin after the 1-3 month lifespan! All plastic! : )
1,I'm somewhat handy but after realizing what a pain it would be to install* these I decided to return them. They definitely look good, but seriously think about this before ordering them.		[*You need to chisel a rectangular piece of wood out of your door otherwise the pull frame sticks out (sits on top of the door frame) and your pocket door won't close flush anymore. Furthermore you need to drill out a big hole to accommodate the hinge, then drill a second hole that accommodates the lever hook. Hint: the lever is round and in its closing swing goes up into the door in a 30-40 angle. Good luck...]		Fun fact: I ordered two of these (one order) and they came separate in huge boxes (24 inch on the long side!). Each of them. Upon returning these, Amazon charged me $15 return shipping (UPS drop off). Something is not right here.
1,Description not correct, does not contain any spring smaller than .156 dia. Look at box insert in pictures, that is correct for size assortment. I needed the .125 spring listed in description.
1,But the life isn;t what it's printed on the box. I got mine three months ago (too long ago to return) and one burned out tonight - not nearly the three years at three hours a day promised. The light's good, but it certainly doesn't have the lifespan promised.
1,Not worth the money. Broke down super fast.		And they slide all over the place. Just get a quality one, you'll be happy.
1,Total garbage, if it is to be believed then my beams are zigzaging and moving my the minute, just buy literally anything else. I will be either returning mine or shooting it as the satisfaction may be worth the $20 loss
1,The removal tool does not work; the old anchor parts just spin in the hole no matter how hard you push on the immobilizing tool. I used a wonder bar, a piece of bike inner tube (to shield the bowl) and a lot of care to work the old anchors out of the holes. I started with a large bladed screwdriver to pry up the edge of the anchor so I could work the bar in under the lip of the old anchor (don't lever against the plastic hinge attachment) then I gently pried at the anchor over and over until it collapsed and pulled out. Plan to spend 10 minutes per anchor, don't rush and take care to shield the porcelain using the rubber. After that I had to use vice-grips and pliers to unscrew the old anchor so I could remove the screw from the seat attachment. Once you have cleared out the hole the new anchors and installation tool work well. Follow the instructions in the kit. I suggest cutting washers out of inner tube to replace the old ones that are not included in the kit. I agree with other posters 1. Kolher should be embarrassed about this situation and figure out a better method of attaching the seat to these types of toilets. 2. The kit is way overpriced, this is a design flaw, and they should give it away.	I am still left with the problem of the two little doors that are supposed to hide the screws. Mine never snapped shut very well and one broke off and was thrown away by the cleaning crew. Rather than look at one missing and the other sticking up because it would not stay shut I cut the second one off.
1,Less than one star.  Horrible...they last about 30 seconds.  I returned them.  DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!
1,Very simple to install.  Concept seems simple enough, and I suppose it is a successful concept for trees with larger leaves, like maples, oaks, etc.  However, we have a medium/large Moraine Locust - a very tiny-leafed tree.  The tiny leaves work their way right through the bristles and end up clogging the gutter, nearly as quickly as without the Gutter Brush.  So, now, not only do I have to get up on the ladder to clean out the gutters, but I have to pull the brushes out, shake them and re-install them.  Next time, I probably won't re-install.  Plus, those tiny locust leaves form along a central TV-antenna-shaped main stem with 3 or 4 lateral crossing stems (like an old telegraph pole along the railroads).  When the leaves fall off those stems, the naked stems get caught in the top of the gutter brushes, and build-up and stick-up over the tops of the gutters.  Looks like my gutters are growing hair or something!
1,The plate that covers the part that screws into the wall (the disc in the picture) doesn't hold and keeps drifting up the arm. I will have to replace this soon.
1,I bought 3, M1LED STRIP light controller dimmers in December. In February 1 died. And this month the 2nd one failed. Its unfortunate because I like them but they failed after the return window. My application was well under the 3amp load and I provided a clean & strong 12v source.
1,Arrived.  Didn't work.  Sending back.
1,hard material;  might as well have put  a pebble there.
1,Update ... after only a few weeks this has now started slamming shut and cannot be adjusted.  There are three screws to adjust and none are having any impact on how fast the door springs shut.
1,Well it works but it works even in daylight. The sensor switches on the light in the day as well as during the night. Is this correct? If so that doesnt make a lot of sense.
1,Watch out! The same product on Amazon refers to multiple models. I specifically wanted a zoomable flashlight with the option to use 3-AAA batteries (and most of the good reviews seem to refer to the T6-A100 model, which has zoom.) This was not clear and I ended up getting a T6-C8. Worse, you don't know if the reviews refer to your specific model (a much worse model could be riding the reviews of a better one). My flashlight has nothing that says "XFOX" in it, instead it has a "Smart & Cool" logo, which refers to another product with much worse reviews on Amazon. This mess partly Amazon's fault, for allowing multiple products with the same review set, and partly from the seller, who promises a specific brand and sells others.		Despite the low cost, I'll probably return this light.
1,mildew, stinky, could not use.
1,This is in no way universal.  Does not work with all models of brands listed.  A monumental waste of my time and effort.  Please don't call a product universal if it isn't actually going to work.
1,Padlock supposedly comes with a small key and instructions on resetting the combination, but the box it arrived in was open on one side and missing those contents. I needed this before this  Saturday to lock my gate before a trip for security :-l
1,I got it to wirelessly control an industrial drum fan.  It works to turn the fan off, but because it completely cuts power to the fan (I presume this is the reason), it trips the fan's AC plug reset button (ground fault circuit interrupter?).  Therefore to turn the fan back on you must first turn on the SVAT device, then press the fan's reset button.  The reset button is not tripped when the fan is plugged directly into the AC outlet.		This device may work for some applications, but beware of this limitation.  Many outdoor devices have built-in interrupters.		I'm currently looking for a competing device that won't trip the reset button.
1,This is a cheap little knife that barely opens up.  No need trying the slot on the blade for your thumb.  The action is so stiff that it takes two hands to open up.  The liner lock is so tight as to be unsafe (as in, it takes two hands to close the knife once you manage to open it up).  I have other knives, mostly Kershaws, and while the price is higher, the workmanship is superior.  IMHO, this knife is a waste of money.  I suppose that in time, with repeated opening and closing, a liberal dose of WD40, patience and a few cuts along the way, this knife may be useful.  Not sure it is worth the time and effort quite frankly...
1,snips but without a way to keep it in a closed position in my tool bag. threw a zip tie on it but this really needs a lever of sorts to keep it closed.
1,I'd just like to confirm that as of 5/24/11 - the lamp design still sucks, as everyone notes here.		I bought it anyway, thinking I would be "slick" and make it work...		I turned the lamp on ONE time.		Minutes later, it fell over to my desk. I tightened it - won't tighten.	Instantly strips the base where the screw tightens into.		So replacing the screw won't work - because the base itself strips.		DO NOT BUY THIS UNLESS YOU WANT TO WASTE TIME UNPACKING, REPACKING, AND RETURNING THIS.		It's beautiful - but it doesn't work.
1,Did not work well at all...leaked, did not make good connections.
1,Wimpy metal!  First time I tried to use the small star bit it twisted and broke off!  I want another set!
1,Needed this to raise seat to accommodate our new Luxe Bidet. Adhesive failed in a few short days. Get the screw on kind.
1,Update: the redeeming quality of its REST API is now broken - have to reboot the box every few days to keep it functional.  Taking away another star.  I really can't believe how this box survives on the market.  Especially as new products are being innovated and brought to market.  I just purchased Aeon's zwave stick (USB dongle, series 2 now) and it works great!  I can't speak to the user software for Aeon's zwave stick, but the C++ API is solid and reliable.  And at forty bucks, what a deal.  Also like that I can unplug it and walk to where devices are installed to include them.		---		First the WAN port was broken.  Returned it, and the second one worked, but the software is still crap too.  Same story since I purchased Mi Casa Verde's first box years ago.		The UI is poorly designed, inconsistent, and very slow - frustrating to an end-user.		The programming side is buggy, Luup crashes, documentation is scarce if not obsolete - frustrating as a developer.		Had higher hopes on the dev side given that it seemed like an open platform with linux, but seems like you've got to go with the Luup language and a bunch of quirky plugins instead of standard tech stacks.		How this sells with such poor quality is beyond me.  Vera/MiOS has been around for years, now mired in tech debt, and can't keep up - something else will come along soon and put Vera out of its (and our) misery (perhaps SmartThings APIs will be opened enough).		One star for what it aspired to be, another for is REST API to Z-Wave devices, which is its only value, and the only reason I'm bothering to keep it.
1,Second one Ive purchased and same problem head of blow gun ends up coming off and won't stay on. If you plan on using it often or really depend on one spend the extra money and get a better one
1,Larger than stated on listing.
1,Fraud Alert.  This produces nowhere near 1000 lumens.  Try 1/10th of that on a fresh battery.
1,Well made, has a very nice rim, and works as advertised, however the design is unhelpful.  First, it clogs up quickly so if you tend to get a lot of debris in your water it will not serve your purpose.  Second, when you pull the handle it pops, splattering the contents.  Third, your hand is right there when the contents splatter.  I suppose you could push from the other side, but then, why the handle?  My main problem, however, was the fact it clogs much faster than wire mesh designs which I got for $1 at the Dollar Tree.  If you want good appearance and tend not to have a lot of debris in your water, you would probably be pleased with it.
1,Does not work as advertised
1,First the good news.  This kit works just fine for re-keying my Schlage locks.  The YouTube video showing how to use this kit is great.  Now the bad news.  The keys that you get are not made from Schlage blanks.  The key number you get is not a Schlage number.  In my case I wanted to re-key several Schlage locks and then order more keys.  This is not possible because they are not Schlage key numbers.  If you want more keys you will have to have them made and as you know  this can be a hit or miss situation.  More times than not the duplicated key does not work and you have to hunt around for other key makers to see if they can make them correctly.  I wanted to avoid all of this by ordering many copies of the key from a vendor that does provide keys made from the official Schlage blanks.  Now I have to re-key the locks with known good Schlage parts or have duplicates made.  This is not what I wanted.
1,This thing is horrible. It only works some of the time (yes, I put the water on high enough to turn it on) and it rarely ever even gets hot, just mildly warm. The water coming in is sitting in an unheated water heater, so it's already at 65-70 degrees, and it is still just sorta warm or not affected at all. What a joke.
1,Didn't last long
1,The WAGO connectors&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Wago-221-415-LEVER-NUTS-5-Conductor-Compact-Connectors-50-PK/dp/B01M6Y2UEK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Wago 221-415 LEVER-NUTS 5 Conductor Compact Connectors 50 PK</a>&nbsp;are more expensive, but they work much better. After trying them, I've thrown away my partly used box of GB PC4 Push-ins; When more than 2 wires will be connected, I now use WAGO "clip-lever" connectors exclusively. (For just two wires, I use traditional twist nuts.)	  (1) With the GB connectors, you can't use stranded wire. With WAGO, you can mix any combination of solid and stranded within the same connector.	  (2) Pushing in #12 wires is difficult, I need a pliers. With WAGO, push resistance is ZERO while the lever is up - but the connection is very strong when the lever is down pushed down.	  (3) WAGO seems more reliable, because each wire gets a dedicated lever. GB shares one clamp, and sometimes doesn't hold all wires firmly.	  (4) Closely related to #3 - GB does a really poor job when wire sizes aren't identical. The shared clamp holds the big wire tightly, but the narrow wire isn't held very well.		These "old style" push in clamps are harder to use, and I think that they're COMPLETELY obsolete.
1,It doesn't click constantly like the old analog model but it's difficult to set and loses it's settings when you flip it off not just unplug it.  Better off getting a good powerstrip and just plugging in a vacation timer (or two if needed) for the lights to that.  non hobby timers have more options (or are just super simple) and much cheaper.
1,I gave it away as it ate up batteries.
1,Giving it 2-STARS right now based on appearance. Bought as a temporary solution to cover a bar top until I can get my granite slab to match the rest of my granite. Does not look natural. Image on the vinyl is very distorted looking. Have not put it on yet, so I guess I will see how that goes.	UPDATE: I installed this product. Once installed, the appearance does look a little bit more realistic, but the product did not go on smooth. 75% of the surface I covered came out smooth and bubble free. For some reason, the other 25% has a lot of bubbles and wrinkles in it. I tried taking additional time smoothing out these with my heat gun, but did not work out for all of them, only some. Don't know why it did this. I followed the directions fully, applied to a very smooth and clean surface, and used the same professional application tools that I use to tint windows and apply vinyl on vehicles. Does not look horrible from a distance, but up close it is easily visible.
1,Manufacturer defect. The rear handle is loose. There's a long brass screw that goes all the way down to the shoe (base). This screw isn't long enough. Not even close. On the positive side, the shoe was really flat--I've never had a plane, including old ones, where the bottom of the shoe was was this perfect.
1,I got less than an hour on this saw before I started having problems.  THREE motors later, it's STILL a 500 pound paperweight.  I want you to know that I have always owned Jet woodworking machines and have ALWAYS been VERY happy with them.  The dealer has been beyond fantastic, but I understand they didn't build this junk.  I have been in contact with the area rep and he's telling me that his goal is to remedy the situation a s a p.  This doesn't excuse the fact that Jet is using motors built in Taiwan and the saw has been "cheaped out" since Walter Meier took over a few months ago.  The dealer has offered to replace this saw with a new one.  With all of the problems I've had with this model, I want no part of it.  I need a saw that will CUT when I ask it to.  My 20+ year old Jet works rings around this piece of junk.  BEWARE!!!!		UPDATE (24 hours later):  They brought me a new saw that was actually WEAKER then the first one.  I sent them BOTH back.  In all fairness to the dealer, they have been PHENOMINAL!  Even the rep has been very nice but he's limited in what he can do.  This saw  MIGHT work for a weekend warrior, but it's NOT for a cabinet shop.  I would suggest looking at Powermatic or SawStop (yes, they're BOTH a LOT more money).  This new Jet saw isn't worth the metal they made it from.  If there was a way I could give it NO stars, I would.  DON'T BUY THIS SAW.
1,Item worked well for about 6 months. Then stopped working. Just wasn't able to connect to home automation and wifi anymore.	Had to take the hammer to it and send it to internal sleep.
1,returned junk
1,Im a diehard DEWALT fan. I was super excited about adding this to my arsenal. Overall I was unimpressed. I am finishing my basement and was trying it to use it for cutting out around outlets and such. It was slow, hard to keep straight, and it makes a huge mess. Dont get me wrong drywall is a mess no matter how ya slice it. But atleast with the jab saw its a courser debris. The DEWALT makes super fine dust. I ended up shelving the tool and grabbing the jab saw. Ive always had a hard time letting go of tools and guns once they're part of the family. This is one tool that I may have to make an exception for.		I even tried running it through some 1/4 OSB and it failed miserably. I broke two bits in some 1/2 drywall.		Ill fully admit that it may possibly be user error. But just based on speed alone, its not worth it to me vs a jab saw.
1,Very poor power, splits only seasoned , never wet wood.
1,It never worked...not once.
1,The filter cartridge that goes in this unit is a defective product prone to premature rupturing, likely due to a manufacturing/design defect. The bottom seam/weld of the cartridge is very weak and will not last the 100 or 200 gallons of life it's rated for. I have gone through three FMC300 cartridges (rated for 200 gallons) but in fact lasted less than 50 gallons of use, rendering them useless. The first sign of trouble is usually a slow drip from somewhere around filter unit; eventually it deteriorates into a gushing fountain.	Dupont Customer Service is aware of the problem with the cartridge. If you call to ask for a replacement of a leaky filter unit they will demand a dated sales receipt, etc. But if you tell them you have a defective, ruptured cartridge, they will send you a replacement, no questions asked. Obviously, they know the FMC300 cartridge is a defective product.
1,Bought it this week and the Inflator. The changer has already quit and the Inflator was broke after a few uses. Guess that doesn't really matter since you cant change the battery anyway. Feel stupid for even wasting my money on the junk. My 15 year old Dewalt still works and it the original batteries.
1,The size stipulated on the site is 20x25x4 in multiple places, but upon opening the product it was a smaller size. Returning this item.
1,Here is why I returned mine. It's impossible to make settings work permanently. Either the sensitivity is set too low - it does not come on even after the mirror becomes so fogged up that droplets start trickling down it or the sensitivity is too high and it starts turning on all by itself in the middle of the night (not acceptable to me) due to changes in ambient air humidity levels. The adjustments compartment is not easily accessible either - you need to take the wall plate off to open the cover for the settings dials. That was not a major problem though as I ended up just leaving that cover off for a couple of weeks while I was trying to zero in on just the right settings. I failed at that (see above). $70 is a bit too much for just a timer switch with no easy way to change the time settings (again see above about accessing the dials).  Overall - I think the idea is great, but... the implementation does not work yet unfortunately.		If you are still reading this and wondering what was wrong with my setup, here is some more info - it's a Jack-and-Jill bathroom (if you don't know this term - just Google the images for it). The switch was the bathtub/toilet section - installed on the wall about 6 inches away from the bathtub. The mirror that gets fogged up is in the other section - the adjacent room with two sinks.		 I think I understand why it's so overpriced for a switch. And it's not because it's so awesome that it is worth it. Probably it's because three quarters or so of those get returned - so in order to make any money on the remaining ones, the price needs to be set pretty high to offset the losses on the refunded ones.
1,so small they are hard to handle since no covering to for an abrasive surface
1,Do. Not. Buy.		This table saw sets a new precedent for poor quality. Everything that could suck about it does. The table looks like it was hand carved by a blind man. There's casting and machining problems all over it. Holy crap it is bad.		Every part that they could possibly have made out of plastic, they did. It's junk.		I was already sure I was going to return it immediately upon unboxing. But I still plugged it in and turned it on for a second and it made the loudest noises I've ever heard a power tool make. The sound of plastic components being shaken violently and the grinding of cheap gears.
1,I ordered this set after a bolt snapped off flush and there was no way to to remove it without an extractor of some kind after drilling a pilot hole. I drilled the specified pilot hole for the 1/8th inch extractor, tapped the extractor into the pilot hole and gingerly applied pressure in the reverse direction to ease the bolt out and the extractor immediately snapped off flush at the same level as the broken bolt. Great. Now the only way to remove the bolt was to somehow drill it out again( with the much harder extractor in the center of it) and try to back it out again. There was no way a drill was going to go through the broken off extractor without wandering to the side and just go the softer bolt material. Long story short, I ended up drilling a larger hole off center and tapping a new set of threads. Not impressed with the first use. Maybe the larger sized extractors will hold up better.
1,Went belly up in a few weeks.
1,not water proof water gets in shakle
1,I'm really disappointed with this product not working. I followed all instructions, downloaded the app, but when I activated it, the bulb rotated through 3 colors and then burned out. I got less than 10 seconds of use from it.		I contacted customer service, and initially they were very responsive and tried to help. I was told that the bulbs burn out if used in 3way lamps. Nowhere on the product or in the description page did this warning appear.		I returned the bulb but still have not received a replacement. All my emails are now going unanswered.
1,A sketchy piece of gear. Sixteen biscuits and I boxed it up and sent it back. It's made to a poor manufacturing standard, is insanely loud, the blade was too dull to cut even softwood end grain without smoking. It's a low-grade knock-off that feels dangerous in the hand. I've used high-quality biscuit joiners before, none of which belonged to me. Will have to spring for one, I guess, at 3X the price of this one, even though I don't often have a need for a biscuit joiner. I wouldn't care to use this one even occasionally.
1,Fell on my kitchen tile floor from about pocket height (while it was off). Bulb went out. I could get bulb to come back on by tapping it lightly. Not acceptable for a light to be used in the field.
1,Por quality on the clip!  If you break it it defeats the whole purpose of holding the gun In place. Over all be careful with the clip
1,This toilet seat was good while it was working, but the slow close mechanism only lasted  for a year and eight months. Another model of Mayfair slow close toilet seat that  I bought lasted for one year.  A replacement slow close hinge should be included in the design of a new model.
1,Difficult to install with directions. Finally installed it, but the arm broke. Ordered a new one to replace the arm. Manufacturer won't send replacement parts to anyone but wholesaler. I hope it works.
1,The ball detent fell out on first use. Because of that, sockets will not stay attached and that makes getting them into tight spaces difficult.  Based on other reviews, I should not have purchased this item.
1,WORKED FOR AWHILE SENT IT BACK BUT IT WASTED A TON OF VERY EXPENSIVE PAINT AS IT LEAKED ALL OVER...CHEAP
1,A quiet efficient machine that will mate with older ISE sink mounting brackets. As others have mentioned it doesn't come with a power cord, yet for over 200 dollars, this omission feels unnecessarily cheap on the part of the company. It is quieter than the 444 it replaced and was a ten minute install. Six year warranty was a selling point.		Update Sept. 6, 2016... Unit developed severe vibration which was on and off for a month. Now its become consistently unusable. Unit was uninstalled and reinstalled twice to troubleshoot and attempt to correct the issue, which is now vibrating my kitchen counters out of the wallboard. Common sense indicates bad bearings or a defective uni? Price has increased 50 dollars since my purchase two months ago. I have passed the Amazon cut off for return and will contact ISE customer support soon. I will post the results of that here when completed.
1,Would not purchase these vents again. They are very cheaply made and will not support your weight if you step on them.
1,Fingers are hard to move in this glove because plastic is so thick.  I just got a pair of yellow gloves on sale for 99cents at the drug store, works better and more flexible for weeding.
1,not even close to the color shown
1,Not brushed nickel at all... It is super shiny...
1,This cartridge is poorly designed. If you don't use the shower regularly the cartridge freezes up not allowing hot water to come out. This is the 2nd time I have had to replace this cartridge in our guest shower which may only get used once every few months. I think the secret to keeping it working is to turn on the shower every few days if only for a moment or two.
1,Ive been buying/carrying Streamlights(specifically the microstream) for over a decade now. Ive bought them for friends and family, and all things considered have probably purchased close to 15 of these guys over the years between gifts/losing them...never had one fail on me...until now. I recently purchased 2 for myself and immediately noticed the design change after opening.		1. The clip has changed to a straight clip as opposed to the kind that bends back to clip to your hat. The new clip is not only less versatile, but nowhere near as sturdy.		2. You used to be able to use momentary light by a light button push BEFORE the "full click" required for constant light. This feature proved indispensable as the newer models do not do this...a full click is required now before momentary is accessible.		3. The button construction/spring mechanism to turn the light on and off is faulty/does not work almost 50% of the time that I go to use it on both of the lights purchased. Sincerely frustrating! I have to literally knock the light against my hand to get it to turn on...a rapid departure from the trusty light that Ive grown to love and depend on over the years.		4. Battery drain! I am not joking when I say that these newer lights burn through batteries weekly, whether theu are used frequently or not. My old streamlights had a battery life of ten times that based on my usage. What changed?!?		Bottom line, is I absolutely cannot recommend this newer version to anybody! This is coming from a guy who literally used to buy these things for people as presents! I take my gear very seriously and these new lights are absolutely garbage!
1,Photo is misleading. they are toys. only 1/3 the size of regular Alligator clips. Vert disapointed.
1,I installed these tiles over a new wood floor. I used 1/4 underlayment over 3/4 plywood floor. I have been a carpenter for 40 years and I am familiar with laying vinyl flooring. They not only bubbled but they are so thin, you can not walk on it without scratching the surface. I had to replace several tiles just from walking on them with shoes. The surface color is paper thin. They also move when you walk on them which causes them to bubble even more. The glue becomes liquified and very slippery. These tiles are an accident waiting to happen to anyone who walks on them. I could take them all up and lay down more glue to hold them as suggested by the seller but that would not stop them from scratching. These are poorly manufactured tiles.
1,The product looks better in the picture than it looks when you get it.  I had to make modifications to product in order for it to work.  If you are willing to take some time getting the product to work, and understanding that this is a CHEAP product, you can probably purchase it.  If you are looking for quality, this is the wrong product for you.
1,I've only used it once to empty a 30 qt fryer pot of about 3.5 gallons of warm (100 F) peanut oil.  Ya, it worked, but it was very slow.  It has the same design as a traditional tall sump pump; motor on top, impeller on the bottom submerged in the liquid.  I think the small impeller, located at the bottom of the unit within the yellow cage, just does not have the ability to lift oil to the height of the discharge tube very quickly.  I made sure the filter was not clogged or the inlet, within the cage, was not obstructed, nor was there anything in the impeller.		Unless somebody can suggest a way to increase it's pumping rate, I might just go back to using a big ladle into a conical filter.  Before I give up on it completely, I may disassemble it and run the drive shaft with my cordless drill.
1,Barely reaches the flag, wish it was longer and flexible	7/1...lasts about 1 year, the, its garbage since you cant replace the batteries. look for something else with batteries..
1,Broke 2 bits...in 5 min...in flat aluminum...shockingly weak.
1,This is a fun knife. I enjoy this knife. It's very strong, and of high quality manufacture. I like fiddling with it.		However, as designed, it serves no purpose. There are two burred knobs which help you open it in various ways one-handed, which is a great thought, except that (a) the burrs are sharp, and (b) one of the knobs points right into the hand holding the knife. There is no comfortable position to hold this knife, for any purpose: not for cutting, not even for stabbing (which is an unusual use case, let's face it). I mean, it's super pointy, which is awesome, but there's just no way to use the thing.		Alas, a fine implementation of a bad design.
1,Power supply unstable.  Shut down too quickly.  They need more capacitors adding cost.  Noticed a flicker.
1,Bought 3x of these to hang over a fish tank.		1st died at 6 months.	2nd died at 7 months.	3rd is flickering recently (think it'll go any day now).		Lights themselves -- cool white spectrum at about 6500-6700k, bright.  However, I also bought 3x 30W versions, and the LED cluster itself does NOT look any brighter on the 50W versions, the main difference being a larger reflector plate, which leads to a larger surface area being lit (attached image showing 3x 30W vs. 3x 50W difference).		Now that these are starting to break down, I'm going to try to shift to a different brand to see if I can find longer lasting ones.
1,First use and it broke!
1,Well, i purchased this while i was in the middle of starting an exterior remodel of my house.  I checked to see if it would work on my openers before I ordered this.  Had some issues with my remodel and in the middle of that, my father died.  Fast forward to a year+ later.  I found it in one of the boxes of electrical stuff I was going through.  Went to set it up. WOULD NOT WORK!  Was just frustrated that the info I was given was wrong.  I've already purchased another one and it is programed and up. So now I have a remote that I can't use and in perfect shape.
1,We installed this unit in Feb. 2016 as a replacement for a conventional,  non-programable thermostat. We were somewhat enamored by the appearance of the screen interface and the heat/cool "glow" feature. We also liked that this unit displayed current temperature rather than programmed temperature... you want to know what the temperature inside your home is, not what you want it to be.	Installation was not easy and required two phone calls to wire it properly to our heat pump. Once wired-up, the unit was easy to set up and appeared to work just fine. One drawback was that I am taller than the recommended installation height range; this meant that I had to squat down about a foot in order to view the screen.	The Wiser smart phone app is OK but not great. Not all of the unit's control capabilities are available on the phone app so you have to go to the thermostat and squat down to make adjustments... not at all convenient.	Sometime this summer a software update became available so that the thermostat could become "learning" and function based upon your lifestyle patterns; we disabled this feature just 2 weeks after the update; it was not controlling the cooling cycles well at all.	In mid-December we had an arctic plunge that sent temperatures into single digits. The thermostat stopped functioning and would not engage our heat pumps emergency heating unit. We called in our HVAC contractor and he said that many of his company's emergency calls these days are due to homeowners installing SMART thermostats. He was unable to get the Wiser unit to kick on the emergency heating and we resorted to reinstalling the old thermostat... emergency heat kicked on immediately.	Caveat Emptor... SMART thermostats aren't all they're made out to be.	We are now considering a programable, non-smart thermostat replacement.
1,Terrible gearing, slips between high and low speed...ratchet is unacceptable. Will attempt to return it.
1,Was unbelievably dim. Didn't seem to have as much light as 3w equivalent.
1,Thats the reason I ordered it and not pick up a Chinese made GFCI.  Of course when I received it , its stamped "MADE IN CHINA". Amazon needs to get its act together.
1,Watch out for grohe finishes, my faucet the oil rubbed bronze came off the base and handle but grohe won't stand behind it because I bought from online retailer...not good for the money
1,Don't buy these fans if you are used to previous Emerson quality.  Purchased 5 of these and every one of them wobbled at high speed and the 6" downrod would not stay straight when tightening the set screws down.  Had to drill out each downrod pin hole just to get them to be somewhat straight.  Fans don't come with a balancing kit and after working with one to try to get it balanced, I gave up. Beware, the fan blades are plastic, not metal as described by Amazon.
1,I have one of the original aluminum die-cast Workmates (made in Great Britain in the 70's) that had seen its better day.  So I went with this "updated" model from Black & Decker.  What a joke and an extremely poor excuse for "progress".  It's mostly made of cheap stamped metal and plastic parts that make for a very rickety and unstable platform that is a mere wisp of the original Workmate.  It came damaged, and I have since had to replace several plastic parts to keep it some form of working order (such as it is).  When I finally get some time, I am going to refurbish my old Workmate and junk this POS.
1,Tore it on first windy day, pulled out a few of the eyelets too.  Not heavy duty... probably not for outdoor use... not sure what it's really intended for.  Big landfill tarp now.
1,Came shattered.
1,I thought this was a top of the line combination lock by Master Lock. I have had this lock for a little over two months and every time I unlock the lock, and then go to relock it the mechanism gets stuck and won't move. The only way is to reenter the combination again to re lock it, but this is pointless because by re-entering the combination in again the lock with unlock by default. This is a countless process that takes longer than needed to re lock. Do not buy!
1,Bought 4 but didn't have time to install immediately. I would have returned them all if it wasn't too late. Will probably end up in a garage sale in the free pile eventually...  Seriously... spend a little more.
1,I loved the Nest, the concept, the design, the production quality. Just did not work for us.
1,I purchased (4) and now (1) has been chirping once randomly. Replaced batteries and still malfunctioning.	I guess I just wasted my money.
1,Flimsey and cheap.  Gave them to Goodwill
1,Way too small to do anything useful.
1,SCAMS R US - IF you believe in Magic - this product is for you!
1,I realise i only payed 10 bucks for this, but i expected more than a month of use. Lesson learned. Buyer Beware
1,returned it.  Didn't aerate at all.
1,The sheen has lost its shine after only a year.
1,What was very promising on paper turned into an "almost there" nightmare. We have some of the "non-wifi" versions of this thermostat that work amazing, so we thought we would try this out in our boardroom. The setup, much like the 6450, is a pain in the butt. There are tons of menu options to walk through that make the set-up much more complicated than when I set up my nest at home. While it takes some time, it's not the end of the world.		The next step was connecting to wireless. I got this thing programmed and ready to go around 5 pm on a Friday, known to most of America as "quitting time." However, when it came time to connect to the wireless, it just wouldn't connect. I kept getting some error code (I forget now exactly what the code was) that apparently meant it was trying to connect but couldn't get an IP. The fix? Wait for 30 minutes. As it was quitting time, I decided I wasn't going to spend an extra 30 minutes at work on a Friday waiting for a thermostat to connect to the internet. I went on home, and when I got back on Monday morning, it had finally joined the wifi where it has been faithfully connected ever since. Yes, it was frustrating trying to get it set up, but it eventually worked and has been pretty steady ever since.		Now for where we really started running into issues... You see, we bought this particular unit for the "auto" changeover where it swaps from heat to cool automatically. However, we came to find out that when using this feature, you can only control the heating temp or the cooling temp, but there's no way to adjust the other. For example, it's a cool day here at 45F outside, and we have this unit set to heat to 71 and cool to 74.  Today, we wanted to bump up the heat to 72. However, shortly after we did so, the thermostat automatically switched it back to 71. I'm assuming that this is because the cooling is set to 74, and there is a 3-degree minimum difference between heat and cooling temps. Unfortunately for us, there wasn't a way to change the cooling temperature on the thermostat up so that we could bump up the heat. On our 6450's, not only does it let you change BOTH the heating AND the cooling temps, but you can also bump up the heat and it will automatically bump up the cooling as well so that it maintains that 3-degree difference. The 6580 just reverted back to it's scheduled temperature. I spent a lot of time chatting with customer service, who seemed to think that my unit wasn't behaving properly, so maybe it was a bad unit. However, I'm not convinced this is the case. Especially since Honeywell wouldn't even RMA the product for me, and instead referred me back to the seller.		Another major issue we have is that this thermostat ran the heat strips pretty much all the time, even when it wasn't needed. They seemed to come on anytime the heat was on. This obviously causes a HUGE issue due to the power consumption of the heat strips. They are great when you need them, but most of the time the heat pump itself is more than capable of handling the job, meaning we are wasting tons of money every time the heat kicks on.		TL;DR: Set up was a bit of a pain, and the wifi connection took forever. We had issues changing temps at the thermostat when using "auto changeover" and the unit called for the heating strips nearly every time it ran.
1,there was no hook or strap to help carry it. you would have to put it in a pocket or carry it.
1,Why I keep getting asked to review this product which there was so much confusion about is beyond me. Here I go again! The product is a great concept, but when I received it in poor shipping condition from two separate but somehow affiliated vendors, I can tell you both were HORRIBLY CHEAP...'the silk' was frayed...cheap plastic leaves broke off and it doesn't work!
1,Good value for the money, but if someone had just taken a moment to pack the bit into their holes rather than just pouring them into the case, it would have been much better. As it was, they were all loose and banging against one another when I opened the case. Once the bits are stored correctly, no amount of shaking will jar them loose. Shame!
1,I was expecting a professionally reconditioned product that looked and performed as new, minus the fancy packaging from the store.  What I got was a used saw with a new blade thrown in the box. The manual was a photocopy version with grease smudges all over it, there was sawdust inside the saw, the plug was bent and the saw showed obvious signs of use, although not excessive.  This is what I would expect to buy at a local pawn shop for $10, not a reconditioned unit from Amazon for $30.  Heck, a brand new one is only $40! My guess is the tester plugged this in, pulled the trigger and saw it ran so they boxed it up without checking anything else.
1,Worked for one hour and quit
1,Have a Wagner w550. I'm spraying plain old Baer brand stain. I've been using the old Wagner type that was heavy, noisy but reliable...and it actually worked. I bought the W550 and can't get any appreciable spray volume out of it. Tried everything, it's tight fitted, all systems are clean, tried using mineral oil to lessen the consistency of stain even though it SHOULD spray fine without the oil. I've got the little wheel screwed all the way in for maximum spray.....and still can't get much out of it. I'm having to go over 4x8 sheets of lattice 4 to 5 times just to cover it decently and that still leaves a lot to be desired. I'm throwing it in the trash tomorrow, going to Harbor Freight & buying one of their $19.95 sprayers. Something tells me it'll spray much better. So long Wagner.
1,I've owned two of these, and both have the same deign flaws.  Not trade-off, but flaws.		First of all, the scissors spring on both broke soon after purchase during normal pocket carry.  No idea why.  That spring is just too fragile for a pocket tool like this one.  The scissors worked fine until the spring broke.		Second, the tweezers are pretty much useless for anything you'd want to use tweezers for, such as removing a small splinter.  I've found they have very little, if any, grip.  So, don't buy it expecting to get any use of the tweezers.  The pliers are better for tweezing,  too big.		Finally, it's very easy, too easy really, to pinch your finger with the handle while using the wire cutter.		The clip is handy and the pliers work well, but that's not enough for me to recommend it.		I generally like and prefer Leatherman tools, but this one is a design miss.
1,I had this installed on a covered porch for a year until an idiot pressure washed it.  I purchased another one and it failed within a few days.  The seller replaced it and the replacement failed four months later.  (Failing as in the light stays on constantly in the Auto position).  Olivabel has a 30 day warranty, the manufacturer has a one year warranty, but you pay for shipping to them and they want an additional $7 for return shipping.
1,I had to return it because the dimensions were not listed correctly.  This is not "large." Rather it is normal size.  I wanted a larger mailbox, and had to order the "Jumbo."
1,The inside is coming apart..overpriced.
1,These replacement hoses don't last 4 months before they fail. Get a standard Aeroquip plumbing hose with a step-down fitttin instead and never worry about a blown line again.
1,extremely low light output.  very warm light, speaking of color that is.  NIGHTLIGHT ONLY...
1,Very hard to program - the UI is just very cumbersome and not easy to navigate,	Not very user friendly design  - the power plug is on the under side.	Battery drains fast - I often have to rely on the utility power to keep the programming (did I mention that the power plug is underneath?)		All in all, not worth the pain. I'd recommend a wemo.
1,Faded within a month.	No color now.
1,We had this one in our new place. The battery died in less than 2 years and there is no way to replace the battery!	The back cover says no serviceable parts. If battery dies buy a new one.
1,Quality seems to have gone downhill.  Its reasonably priced but the rubber squeegee part keeps slipping out.
1,Bought 2 with my drill a few yrs ago. Neither held a good charge. And after about 15 charges they became very weak. A 2 yr old could hold the motor from spinning.
1,I bought a Lotos 140 thinking it was the same as an Everlast 140ST, only $50 cheaper -- I was wrong.		Even though these units look similar in product photos, and have similar specs listed, I can say from experience that there is a world of difference between them:		- The Lotos unit is advertised as a lift-start TIG, however, my unit would only scratch start.  When trying to initiate a lift start, the tungsten would stick to the work piece -- I'd have to break it free, leaving the tungsten contaminated.  (Yes, the unit was switched to TIG mode.)		- I was unable to hold a stable arc under 35 amps.  So, on 110V, the effective useful current range is 35-80 amps.  I'm not a very good TIG weldor, but I was unable to weld anything under 1/16" in thickness without burning through.		- I suspect the torch on my unit was leaky - I ran out a 55CF tank of argon in approx. 45 minutes of welding at 10-15 CFH.  (I tested my flowmeter and did not find any leaks - it works also fine with the torch that came with my Everlast.)		- My unit arrived with shipping damage (the plastic front cover was broken).  This is not necessarily the manufacturer's fault, and appeared to be cosmetic damage only.  I contacted Lotos and because I am local to their headquarters, they put me in touch with a retail outlet that offered to exchange my unit for a floor model.  (I did not proceed with the exchange because I wasn't sure what kind of wear and tear the floor model had on it).		- It did seem to run rods of 6011 in stick mode with a nice, smooth arc.		I contacted Lotos about the issues I was having.  They did respond about the broken plastic cover, but would not write back about the technical issues I was having.  I decided to return the unit, and purchased an Everlast 140ST (thanks to Amazon's fantastic customer service and return policy).		Having now tested the Everlast, I can say with confidence that the difference is night and day.  The Everlast lift starts cleanly with minimal sticking, will run down to 10 amps, and I'm using a "regular" amount of argon.  The Everlast is also physically a little smaller than the Lotos unit.		If nothing else, I feel good paying an extra $50 Everlast's 5 year warranty (vs. Lotos's 1 year), customer service (they are active on several online welding forums), and the fact that many, many other people have successfully used the Everlast 140ST with good results.  (I've seen folks welding everything from razor blades to 3/8" plate, so I know that any problems I have are my fault and not the machine's!)		I would classify the Lotos 140 as a very nice dual voltage stick welder, with some TIG functionality, for a reasonable price.  But for $50 extra, I can't see why anyone wouldn't just buy an Everlast 140 instead and get a machine that will do lift-start TIG very nicely, and comes with a 5 year warranty.
1,Used as directed.  Removed my grout.  I did not scrub hard and only made one pass.
1,Well they a cheap cheap.  Folds and slips way when you put the glasses on, you put glasses then you have reach behind to see if they are in place,
1,Replaced most of the bulbs in my house with this bulb and I couldn't be more pleased. In the enclosed fixtures, I installed one bulb instead of 2 and I haven't had any problems. Even with one bulb, it only looks slighty dimmer. I don't even notice anymore. If you want to buy replacement bulbs, buy these.		UPDATE - Its been 3 months now and several have failed. Good bulbs at first, but they don't last. The ones in the enclosed fixtures failed first, but now the ones in open fixtures are failing. Will not buy these again.
1,I ordered 4 of these and after 6 months two have already failed.  I will no longer be using this and will look at LED strips instead.  These are not reliable and require batteries to be replaced constantly
1,piece of junk ...photo cell does not work ..stays on all the time
1,I got this same lamp from Hammacher Schlemmer. The lamp itself is great for several months, but you cant replace the bulb, which doesnt last anywhere near the stated 1,000 hours. Hammacher replaced the lamp once, but I won't get it again  Im looking for a halogen lamp that allows bulb replacement
1,You may be interested in purchasing this knife because it's inexpensive, but the knife is heavy, the opening mechanism is weak, and the grip is mediocre.  All of the knives I own are better than this one.
1,My husband bought this and these are his comments. Did not last. They just do not make these good anymore. As a contractor this is an everyday tool. I really liked the old fashioned ones but can't find them anymore, this was the closet there was but this is made cheap.
1,I expected a water flow similar to what you get from a water fountain. This is more like a "WaterPic". I just wanted to get clean. I don't have plaque on my butt that needs blasting off.
1,Brass wire flew out all over the place like confetti when tried to use these. Very disappointed, buy it he Dremmel brand these are a waste of time and money
1,Does not work
1,mix with Canada balsam.  works ok
1,Valve leaks, a lot.  Good price.  If you are okay with running your compressor all the time you might be okay with this deal.  Really, it seems to blow more are from under the handle than the nozzle itself.
1,This door bell is great i love it but it was not loud enough. I could not hear it from my back bedroom. So i asked the seller to replaced it with the double ringers but they did not sell the one with the double ringer.i wanted to return it but the seller would not accept a retun. Had to buy the double ringer from a different seller.
1,This is an awesome idea.  It needs to just be a lid you put on over your existing toilet.  The adult portion feels like you are sitting on the rim, it's horribly uncomfortable.  The toddler portion doesn't stay up, so you have to go with it leaning on your back.  The adult portion, doesn't stay up at all, so my husband can't use it.  It's such a great thing, it just needs to be improved.
1,Based on the majority of the reviews here, I got one of these guns about six weeks ago. Today it would not remove a 3/4"x16 nut that only had 112 foot pounds of prevailing torque. This is the "Nut Buster" torque in reverse that they advertise? My 3/8 gun has more power than this thing.	Running directly from a rotary compressor, 150 CFM, 90 psi through a 1/2" hose, and this gun does not do a job that my smaller gun handles.		I've owned a lot of IR air tools over the years, and still do. But, depending on their resolution of this issue, I may have to re-evaluate future purchases. I returned the gun to point of purchase this afternoon, and expect to  hear something from IR next week. When I get a response, I'll update this review.	Hopefully this is an aberration, and better things are coming.
1,I got this because of the hammer end. The end did not hold up and fell off quickly. The rest of the tool worked well.
1,Hard to rate as did not fit my Fein vacuum.  The smallest nozzle is the exact same size as the one at the end of the Fein hose - it neither inserts or over laps well.
1,After first use  magnet dropped out now it's useless
1,liguid stayed in ball returned it
1,Waited two months for lava
1,Ugh...		I bought these rather than heavy duty ones as I don't need to use them often - and when I do, its for small projects around the house.  Ironically the heavier the object your trying to work on - the better these work (up to a point I imagine, as they are made of plastic).  When trying to cut anything light with a hand saw, good luck.  The plastic bounces and flexes more than Arnold did on the stage in his Mr. Olympia days.		Plywood with a circular saw - they are ok but I do wish I had gotten something heavier.		I'm afraid to fold them back up as the tabs holding the lower trays into place seem pretty cheesy.  It may be ok - but I'm not going to risk it.
1,The form factor of the male unit is not standard...it won't mate with a standard air coupling female.  Not trying to make sexual allegories, just describing the shortcomings of this tool.  Will mate with itself just fine, so if you're making a system entirely of these species you're golden, but if you have an air compressor with standard fittings this won't couple with it.
1,This bulb does not produce a true 2700K color temperature.  It has a pronounced green cast that is not dissimilar to early florescent bulbs.  In short, it produces an ugly light.  It works fine and if you like greenish light this is the bulb for you.
1,What you see is not what you get. I thought I was getting the pre-packaged Shop-Vac vacuum bags, but what I got was this.
1,Too dim.
1,This was a pretty nice flashlight back in the day.  Mine is about 3 years old and some of the LEDs have started blinking.  Extremely irritating when trying to use it to illuminate something to see detail.  Flashlight has never been outside and has never been dropped.  Fresh batteries do not fix the problem.
1,I purchased eight lights and have problems with two of them. I also had to restrict the motion receiving sensors with tape because the lights would be triggered by the slightest of movements. These lights would work great in an open area far away from trees and small animals.
1,It tells you it comes with one of two switches.  The one mine has is push button and on the bottom next to the button it shows if the button is in the power is on.  If the button is out, the power is off.  Mine shows neither.  You can't tell the difference if it is on or off unless I go out in the dark and walk across the property.  I wrote my dog's name on it so I can't return it, but if I could, I would.  don't waste your money.
1,Not accurate....if you are ok with 1/32" error in your measurement, this will work. If you want precision (as the Starrett name once implied), avoid this product.
1,Great idea but replacing batteries once a week is the deal breaker they just use too much power. Expensive battery consumption.
1,Work good at first. Now not so much.
1,I bought this because it has better reviews than the others. From the buttons on it, I expected to be able to easily check the carbon monoxide levels in my house at a given time. However, pushing the buttons doesn't always do anything - the only thing I can get it to do consistently is turn on the back light and run a 'test' where it starts beeping super loud.		At least it has a battery back-up for emergencies, and its probably loud enough to hear outside.	---		UPDATE: Broke completely after 6 months - never knew if it worked. :/ Buying the Kidde brand.
1,This is a very cool, heavy, solid retro-style padlock that looks very much like actual antique locks just like it. However, when I got it, it was a rusty mess. I mean it was REALLY rusty, and it had shards of greasy, black metal grind dust all over it. It made my fingers black just unwrapping it. Fortunately, I have a bottle of choji oil that I use for keeping katana blades conditioned, and I used that to clean up the lock. After rubbing it down for about 20 minutes, I finally got most of the machining grime off the lock, and the oil conditioned it and also helped the moving parts work smoother. However, the sides of the padlock were an unevenly ground mess. Not only was it rough-looking with uneven grind marks all over it, the metal actually had sharp little bits sticking off of it that catch on things, including my finger. I'm going to have to grind the edges down myself to make it look halfway decent. On top of all that, the little brass swing-door just falls right off...useless. At least the keys work smoothly and the lock mechanism is easy to turn, which, considering how roughly the rest of the lock is, was surprising. I can't complain too much because it wasn't particularly expensive, but mine certainly does not look as nice as the one in the picture, and it's only halfway decent after working on it. If you don't have a grinding wheel and a dremel tool then I guess you're stuck with a shoddy, messy looking hunk of metal that will make your fingers black. And possibly cut them. You shouldn't have to do this much maintenance on something like this, no matter how cheap it is. I might as well have machined my own padlock for all the work I needed to do.
1,It turned out to be the ballast. So what I did is removed the ballast from the fixture and wired the socket direct. Installed a standard CFL and it works better than ever.
1,This doesnt stick at all like the description states it does, Amazon gave me my money back thankfully.
1,It does not look like a rock. The light works ok, it turn on every night.
1,Just got this today. Thought it looked gimmicky but figured for $14 I'd try it. Just tested on a piece of trim in my house. Horizontal bubble says its high left. Put the lazer on it and the vertical bubble says its high right. Either way it's wrong. Also tape measure is a neat gimmick but it curves the end so it can't be stood on end like traditional levels. Don't waste your money.
1,Changes temperature and holds temperature without any user input.
1,The good thing is bright. But motion sensor isn't good. It reacts too slow and it works in short distance like 3-4'.
1,piece of crap!! your better off getting something from walmart at least it would stick to your walls longer than 100 minutes!!!!
1,Does not lock like it says
1,Just got it, so Ill give that at least one star!!!!  The LCD screen is very, very dim, you can only see the LCD at extreme angles.	It seems to have some sort of internal battery as you can still see the screen is barley on when not plugged in the wall.  Usually I would just open it up and replace the battery, however they made this unit non-repairable as they used a non-standard screw (looks like a Y on top) so you cannot take it apart.
1,Kind of not great.  So far the bits are too large to get into any 90-degree space
1,Motion sensors are awful
1,These dampers are under-powered. If you wonder what the difference is between this ($2/unit) vs a $3.50/unit damper, see attached photo. The body surrounding the piston is chrome-finished plastic.		The length of travel of the piston is also quite disappointing, which translates to the damper engaging the cabinet door at a much more acute angle as the door is closing (around 20-25 degrees) which does not allow adequate time to counter the momentum of the closing door. I had to crank up the adjustment to maximum strength of the piston on every damper; which successfully soft-closes the cabinet door maybe 3 times out of 5. If the door closes with just a tad more force than simply passive release, the door will close with a slam.		I have beefier metal-body dampers on other identical (in size and weight) cabinet doors, and using just one of those dampers per door is enough to prevent a slam--even with forceful closing. If I use two of these Rok dampers per cabinet door, my cost per door would be more expensive than using the heavy-duty dampers.		This damper is probably appropriate for light/small cabinet doors; expect to use 2 per door if the door is considered big/heavy.
1,I thought this would be great but this product is a terrible dissappointment. I tested it before i left my house but when i got to a jobsite this product failed on a cable run that was under 100ft to locate cables that my co worker easily found. I had it home and tested it and it was good and went to another job to have it fail again! I bring it home and "double check my batteries with a volt meter" and this product will not even tone a 25ft patch cable.since it has been over 30 days i cannot return it! I was thinking about the lrat1000 but will Not buy Fluke products, they are over priced junk!
1,Very cheap and stopped working after just a couple months
1,These lights do not light up and not bright at all. I should have ordered my Nekteck lights again for few more dollars. Not a good assembly either. bit flimsy.
1,This lamp I received was junk !!! The USB charging port discharged my phone. For the skeptics, yes I tried different cables, two different phones, left overnight, switched off ,both phones and the lamp. This will be the first time in years I will return a product from Amazon!!
1,It is a decent product for a few weeks, but then the "release button" starts getting stuck, and you have to, at times, hit it with a hammer to release it!  This can be pretty dicey to do when you're on a 12 ft ladder trying to attach things to roof rafters, etc.		Almost all the other squeeze clamps have a separate trigger release, which work all the time. This little button release sticks too much for me.		The only good feature is that you can reverse one end, and use it as a spreader, to move rafters/joists apart. Thi is handy, so I'll keep them around, but I use the DeWalt squeeze clamps for most things, a lot easier on the release.
1,Cree usually makes good stuff and I made a leap of faith purchasing the 9 pack sight unseen.  There are some things I like about these bulbs:  They don't flicker, the color is good, and Cree is not a fly by night no-name company.  But (and this is a big one), the quality of the light just isn't there.  The light is concentrated into the central column and mostly is emitted out the tip of the bulb.  The lighting is therefore significantly uneven, with a 4 light fixture projecting a very noticeable doughnut shaped hot spot complete with a pronounced dark "hole" in the center.  Predictably with the majority of the light emitted from the tip of the bulb, the output from the sides and out to the walls are much too dim.  It's almost like it behaves as a 60 watt bulb in one specific direction but a 25 watt bulb out the sides.  Thinking these might work better in a ceiling fan (where the lights are at an angle rather than vertical), the light was still extremely uneven but also glary, harsh, and with crisp deep shadows.  Very disappointed!
1,I arrived with one broken bulb and all the booklets are actually shoved into the bulbs. don't forget to removed the papers from each packets that were insides the bulbs. Smoke came out of one of the bulbs when I turned it on but after that it was fine I hope so.	Other then that the bulbs were working fine and were just like in the description.
1,For some strange reason this device cannot handle cooling applications, only heating.		Because of this design shortfall this thermostat cannot handle air conditioners or fan type cooling.		Made in Communist China.
1,Too sensitive and very unintelligent. In some cases in low light it would turn the light on which made it brighter which turned the light off which made it dark which turned the light on. End result was an endless flicker. In another case as the light flickered through the trees outside the light is going on then off then on then off. Uugh. Utterly hopeless.
1,Beware!  This is NOT appropriate for house painting!  I bought several of cloths and turned them over to my (professional) painter, a man who has painted houses all his adult life.  Hes used zillions of drop-cloths.  This morning, he showed me where latex paint drips got onto the drop-cloth  and went right through to the brand-new hardwood floor.		I notice that many reviewers of this drop-cloth are using it for drapes or a furniture cover, and not for painting.  Fine, use it for drapes, but don't use it for painting.  You will likely regret it.  Once its used, as in our case, you're stuck with the darn thing.		This drop-cloth is fraud.  Caveat emptor.  (Buyer beware.)		Calvin Luther Martin, PhD
1,Plan on resetting this thing about every four months.  Just trying to figure out how to set is a task in its self.  Save yourself lots of grief buy a better model.  When it works it does a good job but don't count on it working for long.
1,This is an incredibly inexpensive knife, so if you buy it, you should have equal expectations to your cost.  Spring assist so the blade opens very nicely with a push on the blade protrusions.  A long blade approximately 4 inches long.  I like 4 inch blades, not wimpy shorter ones.  I'm not a fan of serrations destroying half my edge.  What edge there is seems to hold a decent edge.  Pivot washers are small in diameter so the blade wobbles a bit.  I tried tightening the pivot screw but it just loosens to the same loose condition as-received again instantly.  The spring assist stopped working shortly after purchase.  I think the loose pivot screw allowed the spring to detach from its function.  I have no confidence in this knife for personal defense or any cutting where you might be worried about the blade collapsing.  The glass breaker on the base rotates about its pivot screw.  Not a good attachment design.  Bottom line: It was worth a try for the cost, but I would not purchase again and I do not recommend it for anyone for any purpose.  This knife does not feel safe.
1,Quit working after a week.
1,Motion sensing is good but when the light is on there is some sort of flicker (probably 50HZ current cycling) in the illumination given out by the lamp. Also if you turn off the lamp and later turn it on it will cycle on and off 2-3 times and then stay on till it detects motion.
1,This may look like Kohler flapper GP1105825, but it did not work on my Sterling (made by Kohler) 1.28 gpf toilet.  It only allowed 1 gpf with the float adjusted to the lowest position.  I see reviews minimizing the importance of the flapper, and I had the same attitude, but I'm here to tell you that the correct flapper is very important, at least it is on a 1.28 gpf toilet.  I ended up going to the Sterling website, contacting them, and finding out which flapper to get, although I bought it from Amazon because the shipping was less.
1,did not work with the Lift master door
1,I got these by mistake,the picture isn't accurate, i really didn't read the discription, its for bikers only...very tight fitting
1,It doesn't work out of the box. Need I say more.  Sending it back to Amazon.
1,First, about the shades.  It is so cheap and badly attached.  It fell apart in two years.  Then the lamp stopped working after three years.  Somewhere the connection isn't good anymore.  I tried to fix it but couldn't.  Totally not worth the $29 I paid for.
1,Works as advertised.  I just don't use it.
1,Gear fit as it was supposed to, but no grease was included. There was a tiny bit of grease on the gear in the packaging. I installed the gear and ran the door up  down a few times and almost immediately little chips of plastic started flying off the gear. I added a bunch of high temp axle grease and it seems okay. I bought this one because it says it comes with grease, but it really doesn't.
1,Junk. Very sharp edges with no deburring. This will cut everything it touches. Will leave plastic slivers from the bucket of whatever your mixing. Will cut YOU. The chrome plating is minimal and it will rust before the next time you use it.	You would be better off chucking a tree branch in your drill.
1,I am a big fan of Gerber Multi-pliers.  I have had several main stream types of these.  Gerber is the best.  I and 2 of my sons have them.  I bought this one for my youngest son.  Just received it for a Christmas present.  Really disappointed.		This seriously looks like it has been used.  Several scuff marks with one severe one.  The sheath it came with does not look like any of the Gerber sheathes I have had in the past.  In fact it looks like and after market one.  Cheap and does not fit well.		I don't happened here but it seems like I was duped.
1,can not using for long time without charging and the charger line is short
1,I had high hopes for this machine watching youtube videos of other users. But this thing would not split anything. I was attempting to split locust that was 8"in diameter and 12" in length. The wedge barely even made a dent on the wood. If you are splitting Beech, Sycamore, Elm or Locust I would not recommend this. It may be fine for your softer woods such a Oak, White Ash or Birch. Amazon was great and was able to send back. for a full refund.
1,Poor quality China garbage.  They work but tips are easily damaged.
1,I did receive this for review and I try to be fair; I have never been asked or encouraged to do otherwise. Unfortunately, my experience with this product makes it seem generous to give it one star. Even if it actually shed light after the sun set, which it didn't, the design is so poor that it likely wouldn't matter. The solar panel is on the opposite side of the plate where the light bulbs are housed. This poses a problem because you have to have the perfect situation to both capture the light and have the beam directed where you want it, there's no adjustment to separate the two. Also, it has to sit perpendicular to whatever it is attached to, so there is very little opportunity to make this light convenient. The design flaws are irrelevant because it never actually stored any energy to run the bulbs after the sun when down. Very disappointing. I'm glad I didn't pay for it; I would be looking for a refund.
1,The product description says it includes a pair of filters, but there were no filters included.  This was especially frustrating, because we ordered the identical product in size large, and the large size did come with filters.  This was extremely annoying, because we ordered the respirators specifically for a project we were doing that weekend, and we didn't discover the lack of filters until we opened the package to put them on.  We had to take off all our protective gear and go to the hardware store, which didn't have the filters for this respirator.  That meant we had to buy a different respirator there, making the purchase of this one a waste of money.  Lesson learned - next time, just go to the local hardware store.
1,The neatest thing about most dimmable LEDs is that they REMAIN THE SAME COLOR as they dim. Why is this so cool? Because you can put in a very powerful bright bulb, turn it on to partial brightness for normal use, and then if you need a lot of light you can pop it full blast. I love LED's for that reason. Sometimes I need a very bright room. Mostly, I don't.  But incandescents and halogens get obnoxiously yellow when dimmed. Well according to Philips that's a feature. To me it's a bug.		But the biggest problem is the size. These bulbs are about an inch taller than a normal incandescent 100W bulb. They just don't fit in a couple of my lamps. Will someone please start making a standard size 100w equiv bulb? These bulbs have been the same size for about 100 years.
1,The wire frame insert for this lantern did not fit. It is too long. As I tried to stretch the lantern open (it arrives flat--it's an "accordion" style) to fit over the frame, the paper ripped and the wire frame bent. The lantern is also not 12" in diameter. After the fiasco, I measured it & it is only 11.5" diameter. Maybe mine was a dud, but it is just trash.		Also, as I see another reviewer noted,  "Creative Converting" was printed in quite visible black ink on the outside of the white lantern. I hoped it wouldn't be too obvious, but it was right in the middle of the lantern, so even if it hadn't ripped, that would have been an issue.
1,Well, let's see on the brightness information from the seller		----------------------------------------------------	Dear Kelly,	It was about 12000 output lumens. And it had Switch Button: 2 Button; 3 Modes:Warn White Light, Cool White Light and Warn Cool White Light.	Warn White Light: 5500-6500K see more	By Qooltek SELLER  on January 14, 2016	-----------------------------------------------------------		12 000 output lumens. And 10W consumption.		First, xenon car headlight is 3 000 lumens. So, imagine that you have 2 cars with xenon headlights, now imagine that you've switched them on to the full brightness - here is the real 12 000 lumens !!!		Second, the best known lamps on the market have 150 lumens per watt (sodium vapor) or 100 for LED. The absolute record 303 for Cree and it's almost theoretical maximum. This seller just declared 1200 lumens per watt, 4x from the world lab record and from the THEORETICAL LIMIT for LED. And x2 from the absolute theoretical limit for 100% efficiency, if absolute everything will be converted into 555nm light.		Holy ****, this lamp PRODUCES the energy!!! Even with a modern inefficient solar cells we can get MORE energy than we spent! And all this just for $15.98!!!! We don't need nuclear plants, we can close all mines and oil pumps, Tesla, we don't need you anymore, ITER guys, your all are fired, 'cause now we have Qooltek lamp! No more global warming. No more oil wars. Our world is saved, all glory to Qooltek, guys!		Third, even if seller will say that he simply added extra zero by mistake and it's 1200, well, it's 120 lumens per watt. Still 1.5 - 2x better than available on the market from major manufacturers and slightly better then metal-halide lamps.		Okay, now you have to decide, will you buy the product where seller  provided absolutely fake information or not.
1,It arrived without the red straw. I recommend if you need this and don't have spare straws around, get it from a store.
1,Complete @#!!ing garbage.  I've owned two of these now -- first one failed with a leak in the tank in under a year.  Second one, installed by the warranty guy, failed just over a year (no longer under warranty) with constant spitting -- the bleed valve that lets the tank fill initially failed, so now it spits violently all the time when run -- temperature regulation is also garbage now, rarely above 165 at start, sometimes up to 190, but completely unstable.  This failure mode is apparently common according to what I've read.		What sucks most of all is that now that I've installed the damn thing, the only easy solution for replacing it is to buy another lousy product from Insinkerator -- otherwise I'll have to go through the really unpleasant business of getting behind the sink basin to get the tap and associated hardware out.  I'll avoid Insinkerator products in the future.
1,One stopped working two days after we put it out...they are pretty when they work
1,Sorry I can't give it less than one star.  I've been dealing with Amazon for more than 15 years.  This is by far the worst piece of junk I've ever received from them.  I would hope they would stop selling this waste of metal.  Bottom section would not move.  There were two screws, not shown on instructions or photos that had to be removed before it would move in the least.  Then it was so tight the low quality metal in the "pin" that goes into the base bent.  I can't fault Amazon for their excellent return policy but this piece of junk should have been left in China.
1,Mine doesn't seem to do anything exceptionally well.  It may not be the Nest thermo fault, but after a firmware update, my humidifier water on the system runs 24/7 rather than just when system fan rns on auto.  I can only point to the nest.  Outside of initial learning, this thing doesn't seem to lean o-going (maintenance mode vs. learning mode?  don't know.  I have NO confidence that it has learned a thing, however, it certainly seems to save me money, b/c it wants to keep my AC in the 80s, no matter what I do.  Maybe I need to reset it and start over.  basically it's a wifi thermostat for this guy at a pretty high price.  I bought their Nest Protects.  I have had 3 false alarms.  ugh.  that's another product, I know.
1,Bought 3 of these.. 1 failed in less than a week. AMAZON refunded.. Other 2 failed 2 weeks later.. Amazon refunded.. Have to say, better to look for another product..
1,fell apart after a couple of uses
1,I spent way too much time attempting to set-up a smart plug.  I read every help site and tried different areas of the house in the event it had something to do with wi-fi ... Alexa kept telling me there were no paired devices.  The smart home app used to set-up the device would get 95% through the installation = then not recognize the outlet.		My ECHO was a piece of cake to set-up and I had high hopes for this accessory.  Unfortunately - the outlets will be returned.
1,The light did not work. I had to return it.
1,This did not do anything like it promised to. The handle was black, and thus absorbed whatever small amount of light that the bulbs already failed to provide. The picture looks good, but don't be fooled. Sent it back, and traded up to a better made device, and one which actually illuminated as promised.
1,I ordered these for the leg of one of my kitchen chairs that was "rubbing" on my ceramic tile floor.  I tried one and found that while it stopped the black marks I was getting from the chair rubbing against the ceramic, the leg was difficult to move even slightly, like pushing it under the table, while I was sitting in it, unlike when I have used silicone leg pads in the past.  These may work well on wood floors but I don't recommend them for ceramic floors.
1,Crap cheaply made horribly painted chain to small won't work for the ceiling fan.  Very disappointed.  Won't by again
1,This knife should not have passed quality control. The grind on the blade is very uneven, see pictures. I will be returning this and I hope Amazon sends this defective knife back to crkt. This is the first bad product I have gotten from crkt, and I hope it is just a fluke.
1,I bought this blade hoping to find a less expensive version of a high tooth count finish blade. I own and operate a woodworking shop and therefore I tend to work with 120 teeth and up saw blades. I say this blade cuts quickly which is why I gave it two stars, but I have never in my years of doing this heard a blade that was so loud. It has the highest pitch ring to it that is ear piercing and that's saying a lot considering I have a good amount of hearing loss. I will not be using this one or buying one of these blades again. Strange to see a Irwin blade this way.
1,Size not as noted in description.  Too big for drain opening which I accurately measured.
1,For some unknown reason this unit does not respond as it should be doing. You  have to almost knock on it to make it turn on.
1,.The impression drawing is disappointespecially by dayNot worth the moneyAlso I bought some cheaper things with same brand pretty good
1,PLEASE Do not buy this item.  I purchased 25 of this lights, and after 1 month I started replacing this lights. I wrote and asked why this lights were going bad, they told me to replace the transformers.  So far I had them for 14 months and today replaced the 13th one.  I have been trying to buy the transformers but they are too expensive, better to replace the lights.  It just does not make sense why they are still selling this lights.	I replaced everyone that went out with LED lights that does not use a AC to DC transformers, and they all function fine.
1,I like how bright this light is. At first I put it in the backyard at the edge of the house. As soon as I step out the backdoor (about 20ft away), it lights up bright. I've since relocated it to the front to light up the path from the driveway towards the main entrance (getting ready for winter's icy conditions).		I took off 1 point because lately the light doesn't seem to be getting fully charged (hence the relocation). I rarely use it more than once or twice a night, but, wonder why it should get so weak. I've set it up to stay lit for the maximum amount of time (8min) whenever its triggered.		October 16, Update		It just would't come on anymore despite leaving it in the sun for a whole week! Its nice and bright when it worked.
1,Threads were stripped.
1,I'm glad someone fixed the picture, however if you get the impression that this is a regular shaped lightbulb, be advised it is not.  It is flat and it is fatter than most so that it may not fit some fixtures.
1,Every single one that I received was broken and un-useable.  The spring inside was fully compressed and offered no resistance, so the button was floating freely with nothing to press on.  Total waste, unfortunately.  Buyer beware!
1,Short lived... idk what happened but it was so nice while if lasted .. would by again but maybe a different brand
1,did not work
1,1 out of 3 works regularly - the other 2 don't always work on the motion sensing. and 1 has very dull lights, even with new batteries.
1,Poor excuse for light.
1,Nice to look at but too small for standard roll of paper towel
1,I used this to paint a model rocket, made of cardboard, balsa wood and the occasionally visible dried-wood-glue surface. The first thing that I noticed is that this paint creates a dried orange dust that gets over EVERYTHING. None of the other paints I used (including other Rust-Oleum products) created this dust. They sprayed the model and the surface of the cardboard box I was painting in. This paint however seemed to dry in mid-air and then float around as super fine dust; 6 feet in every direction.		The other thing I noticed is that it's extremely thin. If I hadn't put two coats of white primer on my model this paint would look so bad I'd buy something else and paint over it. The blue painter's tape I have on certain parts of the model come out brown, which means that you can see the blue tape underneath the orange paint. That should tell you how thin this is.		This might be fine for a throw-away FOR SALE sign like in the product photo, but it's been abysmal as a paint for crafts. I can't wait to be done with this paint. Hopefully a clear coat on the top of this matt paint can save the look of my rocket.
1,Good and bright, no problem yet.	Just lasted for two months and died	Good luck
1,Had to use the old hardware, was only able to use the chrome lever and the drain cover.
1,It's a bright light but it has the typical led blue tint to it.  Was hoping for a nice normal white.  With the Phillips I bought previously the light output is a nice bright white. It was the first thing my wife noticed when I turned it on.  She ask, why is it so blue looking?  Cause all led's are not the same!
1,You get what you pay for....this product is sort of "just ok"...The remote control only works if you are about 18 inches away from the projector which makes it pretty useless.
1,OK for industrial sinks such as found in a mechanic's garage, not so much for kitchen use.
1,After researching the Moen website...this unit was supposed to work with a Banbury single kitchen faucet. It was supposed to be a better replacement for the regular cartridge [which I had installed but it still leaked].  When I finally got around to fixing my faucet .. it was too late to return.  Much too small...wish I there was a database with better info.
1,Horrible iron. The tip never stays clean.
1,LOUD
1,This is a cold, harsh light and not a flood light by any stretch. A poor choice for general recessed lighting use, since it is at best a semi-spot and casts a conspicuous narrow "hot spot" on the floor from above.
1,Sure, they work as dividers, but at $.50 a piece they're absurdly priced.	There are so many alternatives to these if you have any skill. You can even use hot melt glue to affix your dividers if they're not perfect.
1,I looked at all the great reviews and made the purchase but the one's I received were horrible. Each one wobbled; some were so bad that the drill shook when drilling. I can understand one doing this but every one did to a different degree. Returning them and will spend more to get getter.
1,i have used similar products that are easier to use.
1,Very poor information. The discription states bronze color, more like black and the eschoun cover is chrome, where was that information in the discription.
1,Sent back-- light was not as bright as I expected.  I was planning on using them at work stations in my craft room.
1,too small
1,This worked nicely for one year and one year only.  It stopped responding to the remote altogether.  Am uncertain whether it was the remote or base unit.  Either way, it was non-functional.  Tried replacing the remote battery to no avail.  Need to buy another, but of another brand name.
1,The light bulbs are amazing! But they are NOT 100W replacement. 1100 lumens they are 75W equivalent.	I'd give 5 stars if it wasn't misleading description.
1,I never ordered this
1,Lasted about 2 years of light usage before it started leaking. The unit still looks new, and I don't see any sign of rust but water just run through it and comes out the bottom.
1,collar broke as soon as you tighten the adjustment screw
1,The shank broke in my first use. I was lucky the saw blade didn't fly to my way.
1,Only 2/3 of the outlets on this plug work, however the plug do lay flat to the wall.  I would buy this again as I don't think this was a design fault just a faulted item.
1,The only real pros to this fan is that you don't need a duct to the outside. Let me explain...		I purchased this for a townhouse I worked on, where HOA would not allow us to install vents because the vent door would be visible from the outside. The only option was this fan.		The fan is quiet, but obviously doesn't move much air. The housing is very thin, flimsy metal and will bend and flex very easily. The connection area for the electrical connections is covered by a piece of metal that has a screw in a place that is damn near inaccessible without subjecting your hands to the razor sharp edges of the sheet metal frame. The bracket that the fan supposedly snaps into, will hold the fan well, but will hold it crooked and not level in the opening. Finally, the filter is small and doesn't look like it will do anything to remove odors.		The positive in this situation is that you get a fan that helps a bit to cover up the sounds of someone using the restroom, and the illusion of smells being removed is there.		Unless you have no option for venting, don't bother with this fan, but when you're in a jam and need something to help with sounds and such, this can be a lifesaver.
1,Worked for 10 min then it died. Such a disappointment.  I use it on a 300 units 5050 LED strip. So sad it died, my 6amp works till this day.
1,I have to mention that the nails are superb. Excellent holding power and no jams. Made in Canada, not overseas.		The nails are packed in a paper box which is not suitable for shipping. Ordered 4 packs,	all arrived in pieces. Bostitch should use a different packaging material	for online stores. My advise, buy locally. It costs $5 more per 1000 than on Amazon in my local HD.
1,I've previously used FlexStone Paint, which was very good.  Unfortunately I don't think they still make FlexStone; so I decided to give this product a try.  The product description says one can covers 12 square feet.  From my experience, it didn't come anywhere close to that.  It  took 4 coats in order to get semi-acceptable coverage on a clear 8" flower vase.  I used over half a can of this product for just one vase.  Part of the problem is that this product has a clear base (probably a lacquer or something similar), with the stone texture added.  By comparison, FlexStone had a colored base, with the stone texture added.  One coat of FlexStone would give decent coverage, and a second coat made it look great.  This product is nothing but a waste of money!  NEVER again.
1,not what I expected
1,Ok
1,Put this product on my chimney cap last spring - March timeframe on a warm day - 55 degrees.  Today I was doing additional maintenance on my chimney and noticed that this stuff is chipping off already.  The chimney cap was brushed and wiped clean before application.  In addition, instructions were followed to lightly dampen chimney cap with a spritzer.  The chimney cap was covered thoroughly, yet I see a dozen places where this stuff is peeling off already.  There's got to be something better than this !  Reno, NV
1,Bearings are noisy.
1,Very cheap product.  LED's are low output. Remote works OK but leaves much to be desired.
1,I needed a millivolt non programmable thermostat, and this fits the bill...Easy to install, works easily, and simple to operate  UPDATE: 1/1/17 Thermostat crapped out on me, quit working entirely...this happened to the last one I bought of this same model, both lasted less than 2 years...not sure why...perhaps because Honeywell has these made in CHINA...Not falling for the same garbage the third time!
1,Pump never did work wonderfully, was hard to get it to pump many times! It has died after a year and a half. Wasted money!
1,does not fit my leatherman Wave  although they say it does.
1,Description is "Concentrate".  But product received is "Ready-to-Use".  The concentrate can be diluted 1 part to 4 parts water, so the product I received ends up costing 5 times as much for the same usable volume.
1,I had purchased these type of LED lights on a different brand and worked as expected but when I decided to try this brand unfortunately not all of the units worked.  They did turn on but did not turn off automatically upon turning the celling light on.  I gave it two stars because half worked and half did not.
1,Buy this universal remote if you want to be locked out and have to reprogram it every couple weeks.  This is especially convenient when you are out of town and you give the code to people so they can access your house to feed the dogs, etc....  $100 lock smith charge to get in the front door since the remote just stops working.  Called the customer service, they were not helpful and wanted me to spend lots of additional time to clear my openers memory and then reprogram all the car homelink connections and clickers.  Picture is what your front door will look like after you get locked out by relying on this keypad
1,Have not used it much and it no longer operates on all light levels, the turbo has never worked well, flickering off after 2 or 3 minutes. My Ultrastinger is a much more durable light for the money. Impossible to find a phone number for factory repair etc.
1,Waited for and bought this on Amazon lightning deal. I've installed it properly and have been using it for roughly 2 weeks. DIY Installation itself was tricky given the number of wires that need to be properly hooked up. I was able to do it just fine after watching couple of youtubes.		Understanding programming modes and functions was tricky too. You really have to read the instructions a few times to know what to do. Anyhow I was able to try out all three modes for few days each.		Now the bad part, The humidity sensor is way off and it's not a question of sensitivity level set. It triggers throughout the day and night automatically without anyone using the bathroom. It also fails to startup properly when someone is taking a shower. Another thing is you need a mode that allows for lights auto-on-off on PIR and fan auto-on-off on humidity level. There's isn't such a mode. Mode 2 comes close but I don't want fan to be switched on every time there's a motion.		The idea is so nice but it doesn't work. I'm going to return it and possibly try an alternative product.
1,The handle is on crooked and not in line with the head. Very disappointed.
1,Brand-new and lock sticks, took me 14 Wiggles to get it to unlock. I can only imagine if it's giving me trouble now how much trouble it will have when it's been out in the weather. Too much money for a product that doesn't work.
1,absolute junk...when you tighten it down it falls apart....do not waste money on this junk
1,Fell off the wall in about 2 weeks. Weight displacement wins this battle. Cool idea but just doesn't work
1,Solid idea, but simply doesn't prevent backdrafts thoroughly enough (YES it's installed correctly). Some leakage still occurs.
1,I purchased 4 of these and 2 have failed after 4 months of mild use.  The ball pops out and does not stay in making this useless.
1,I was seriously underwhelmed by this tool.  If my tool had come with some instructions, I'd have been much happier, but as it is, I was left to try and figure out what I am supposed to do with it.  The compass is entirely too small and impossible to read without glasses (for me, anyway). The whistle doesn't work, no matter how hard I blow.  That leaves me with a flint and a "striker" which looks and acts like a dull knife. I'd have been much better off with an actual knife.  I believe I can do a lot more surviving with my tiny [foreign] Army Knife and the even tinier firestarter that I have attached to it.  With the two of those things, I have far more functionality than this, and am more confident of survivng a disaster.
1,Huge fan of German hand tools and have no problems paying for quality. Ordered the 1/16 size. Rolled the edges of the hex tip slightly after 2 or 3 uses on set screws in plastic thermostats. Just as durable as a 1" cheap hex bit or other lesser brand hex drivers. Did the same thing to a Klein 1/16 tip. Handle has a rough plasticly hard feeling but is okay ergonomically. Would give Whia another shot but this item is not worth $8. Giving Wera a try next.
1,NOTE: I am writing this review for all the different versions of this lock that I purchased and had to replace.  So, please excuse me if you see it more than once.  But, since I didn't know where folks would start, I figured it was best to include it in all places to be safe.		It looks like a lot of people have had luck with this lock (though I'm curious to know what people think or if they have had similar problems after owning it for a while). And, there are definitely some nice things about the lock:  they look nice, come in several finishes, and the SmartKey idea seems like a good one.  But, I had bad luck with mine, and if you read other Amazon reviews and things folks have written on various other web sites, you'll see the problem I have had is not an isolated one. If you do decide to give this lock a try, be sure to at least read the negative reviews so you'll have some idea what might happen (though it clearly doesn't happen to everyone).		I have three security doors that require both handle and deadbolt locks.  So, I bought 3 of this deadbolt lock, plus 3 of this lock&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Kwikset-Lido-Entry-Lever-featuring-SmartKey-in-Antique-Brass/dp/B001AY891C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Kwikset Lido Entry Lever featuring SmartKey in Antique Brass</a>. I also have 5 doors to my house that require both handle and deadbolt locks (that's 10 more locks, so I bought 1 of this set for my garage&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Kwikset-992-Juno-Entry-Knob-and-Double-Cylinder-Deadbolt-Combo-Pack-featuring-SmartKey-in-Satin-Nickel/dp/B004EPYSH8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Kwikset 992 Juno Entry Knob and Double Cylinder Deadbolt Combo Pack featuring SmartKey in Satin Nickel</a>&nbsp;and 4 of this set for the rest of the doors&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Kwikset-Signatures-Tustin-Lever-SmartKey-Single-Cylinder-Combo-Pack-in-Satin-Nickel-Finish-991TNL15SMTCPK4/dp/B001007O6M/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Kwikset Signatures Tustin Lever SmartKey Single Cylinder Combo Pack in Satin Nickel Finish #991TNL15SMTCPK4</a>. That is 16 locks total.  I rekeyed the 10 regular door keys to one SmartKey (having read they don't work with regular store cut keys), and the 9 security door locks to another SmartKey (9 instead of 6 since three of these locks were double cylinder).  I was careful to make sure I did everything correctly and constantly when I installed them, and everything was fine for the first few months suggesting I didn't do too bad of a job.		Then, little by little I noticed some of the locks stopped working with the key, and it was very random.  Some were the main door locks that used one key, others were the screen door locks that used the other key.  Some were the deadbolt locks, and some were the handle locks.  In one instance one side of a double cylinder kept working even though the other side of the double cylinder stopped working.  I actually got locked out of my front door a couple of times and had to come in through a back door.  By the time my third or fourth lock stopped working, I called Kwikset and they sent me replacement and equivalent traditional locks to replace the SmartKey locks with (for which I am very grateful, but that's 16 locks that I had to replace two times each, which took quite a bit of time).		In sum, this technology seems unreliable at best, and at a minimum I recommend that you NOT do all of your doors with SmartKey locks (just so you know you'll have one traditional lock that will always work). I would also not recommend doing your double cylinder doors with SmartKey locks as the only thing worse than getting locked out would be getting locked in during an emergency.
1,It's like making a 5 year old child do chores.  Sure, they might be up to the job, but they aren't doing it very well, and the second you turn your back the whole thing falls flat.  Really doesn't want to hold up my 2lb showerhead.  Feels pretty flimsy with a lot of backlash and play on the threads.  I feel like if I tighten it any more, it will just break.  Really pisses me off that a company would give  customers the finger by making the most important pieces out of plastic.  Strongly considering sending this back.
1,The knob is very small.  It does not look like an exterior door knob.  Returning the product.
1,Terrible Range. Just about useless. Have to order another model hopefully with better range to replace this one.
1,Inconsistent hue, i.e., the Kelvin color of the bulbs do not match one another. Maybe it's not an issue if they're far enough apart, but it was pretty obvious @ 8' spacing in my office.
1,These things are like goggles. They cover half my face and I don't have a small face. I wouldn't mind this, except this also means they're crazy heavy. The first time I put on my glasses with these things clipped on, my glasses fell right off. Luckily, I caught them before they hit the ground. I also don't notice any significant reduction in glare, and the pair I ordered came heavily smudged with fingerprints. I think I got someone's hand-me-downs.
1,the head was just to small
1,They are pretty inexpensive and low quality.  The finish on my project shows the brush marks because of these low quality brushes. :-(  I should have paid a little more and purchased high quality brushes.  But if you are painting something unimportant these work OK.
1,junk junk junk the blades get dull at the site of wood.forget using them on metal they get round after the first cut. i need to find another company that makes a better blade. in short don't buy them!
1,I installed 4 units, and after about 6 months, they were all leaking past the flapper seat. I'm upset because these may actually be leaking more water than the device is designed to save in the first place. I think the device mechanism and the design intent are good, however the universally fitting "PermaFit Silicone seal" is clearly not a good design in my experience. Part of the problem is a terrible shim design that makes it extremely difficult to adjust the fit over the flapper seat. I had high hopes for this product, but now I don't recommend it.
1,no noticable difference
1,Not anywhere near as bright as the 100 W equivalent LED I was trying to replace.  No way is it 2650 lumens.  Returning.
1,No flag and broken tabs.  Not a good product at all.
1,Helps in some ways
1,Great concept, very easy to install.  The only problem is the warranty issue and its implication for durability.  The box label states "Lifetime warranty" whereas the warranty statement inside the box states a warranty period of just 1 year.  Nowhere in the warranty statement (in the box)  is the word "Lifetime" mentioned, at least as far as I could find.  With a typical wax ring, the durability of the seal is determined entirely by the wax.  However, with this ring, there are materials other than the wax that determine the durability of the seal.  The warranty period for a traditional wax ring generally is 5 years.  A 1 year warranty is the shortest of any ring I have found and definitely raises a red flag.  The potential for a leak and subsequent damage or the trouble of having to replace the ring every year offsets the convenience of this ring.  I have gone back to the old tried and proven traditional wax ring.
1,Seller lists these as "no flicker," however the flicker from them is horrible.  I measured them using my handheld spectrometer (this is a $4000 device, not an iPhone app) and the flicker percentage was 100%.  The standard for acceptability is less than 5%.  These bulbs will definitely cause eye strain with even short term usage.
1,why the heck don't any dust collection fitting seem to be compatible with each other?  won't fit over  "2 1/2 inch " dust fittings  , unless i heat in  hot water to make flexible.  Very stiff,  which might be good or bad depending on your application ;  for me i tried to use on a guard of radial arm saw & just pulls off  because won't move easily  w saw motion
1,I used this on my small tree that needs little water. Once I started it always showed it was OK.Even when the leaves turned brown. I contacted about returning I was told it was too late. Dont buy.
1,The lens at the top of the bulb projects an ugly circle on the ceiling.
1,purchased this unit on feb 15, 2011..	thats a few years ago..	just after the weller soldering station i had been using for at least 30 years died..	so, 3 years in this soldering station has been used about 2 dozen times..	yesterday the temp readout lost its mind and now reads up to 280 deg. then jum[ps to 400+ deg. more or less since it can't seem to make its mind up..	up until now its been a decent soldering station for light work which is about all i do.. occasional light work..	this still heats to some temp but i'm not sure what temp it heats to.. :-)	next time i'll buy something made in the USA or at least japan or taiwan and skip this particular el cheapo brand..	2 stars for 3 years of service..	but i hate to recommend it to anyone..	now the Chinese can make some good stuff but i don't think this is some of it..
1,Fall off the wall after a few weeks
1,Purchased this to do some grout work for my home.  First problem was that I couldn't get the metal tip out as it wasn't seated properly and couldn't seem to get it there.  I tried using it as is but the size and thickness didn't allow me to fill it up with much and certainly not twist it down properly.  Your mileage may very, could very well be me, however, I picked up some cheap-o disposable (very thin) 15-in plastic pastry bags and they were AWESOME with ZERO issues.  Did not like, will not use again, can not recommend.
1,Why can't they just standardize the size of these things ??  You buy a 3/8" ratchet and they're all the same 3/8" size. Why ca t these hose adapters all be comparable ?  Because of GREED !
1,I own other CMT tools that I'm happy with. They are made in Italy. This just arrived and has those oh to common words, "made in China"! Nothing mentioned in this listing said China or Italy. Maybe I'm being bad here, [shame on me!], but I have not seen Chinese tool making that is up to US, Japanese or European standards. From the other reviews, maybe this is the exception and the start of a new trend.		Grandpa always said, "Don't buy cheap tools, they're a waste of money!" The list price suggested this wasn't a cheap tool. Amazon just had it at a good price. \		I don't know if I should open it, go for it, or send it back to Amazon.
1,Pain to put up, super bright under neath but it doesnt give of a lot of light for a room. And its very warm, kinda scary.  More of an over the bar time of light
1,NOT METAL - DECAL!!!		I was appalled that I ordered a metal wall sign and got instead a decal.  This is a bait and switch.
1,The product did not work and returned the item.  The digital display showed power was received to the unit but no power came out of the device.
1,Actually the product would be amazing if it didn't arrive damaged.  One of the prongs is bent and the rubber that would hold the bulb while removing or replacing is at the bottom of the prong not like the others --	You can see by the pictures I attached .. what I am describing	I took two pictures one with the damaged prong facing the side and one facing the front
1,This unit as others have stated does not "play well" as a replacement unit.  The connections require adaptors, (3/8 to 1/4) which can (and in my case did) lead to leaks and other problems.  The unit also had a leak in the faucet connection which could not be modified and required the return to Amazon.		One positive about this unit is that the gooseneck can be rotated and is taller than the competition.  Compared to the unit I did settle on the build quality of this one seemed inferior.		I don't recommend this item.
1,This doorbell works when it wants to. I purchased 2 and had to exchange one of them soon after purchasing. So essentially Ive gone through 3 doorbells and they're unreliable. People end up having to knock on the door anyway. Pressing the button multiple times shouldnt be required to make a doorbell work.
1,magnet pretty weak, cup also poorly glued? on. 2 of 4 cup same off maget
1,Too heavy and cant used as expected.  Keeps falling off the book.  Now its in the junk drawer.  Probably throw away.
1,Too small
1,Very easy to install and set up. It's not as slim as other garage door openers I've had, although I don't notice it much at all now, just something to keep in mind.		UPDATE 4/30/2016	The cover has completely broken off. I wouldn't say that I'm rough with it in the least but I went to lift it the other day and the plastic snapped at the hinge and the cover fell off. As far as I can tell it's not fixable and I'm going to have to replace it at some point. It is on a north facing garage and gets heavy western sun in the evenings. The only thing I can think is the UV degraded the plastic and it became brittle. So, fewer stars for cheap plastic. Other than that it still works, although I'm not sure how long it will last without the cover to protect the buttons.
1,I purchased my wife a small heater for less and it worked a lot better. This heater does not heat much and it is fairly loud.  Would not purchase it again.
1,No screws, again.
1,cut one screw with the metal blade, and teeth were basically gone. I expected much better from dewalt, very disappointed.
1,Garbage, went cheap and bought this, a month later and it shorted and melted and almost blew my amp, stay away from this.
1,Initial setup is a bit of a pain but works only if you want everything that interacts with it using 2.4 GHz.		Even allows you to set it to go on and off based on sunset/sunrise, when it works.		When I changed my WiFi router, however, modifying this switch was a pain. The reset button did not do what it was suppose to do no matter how long I held it down or unplugging it and replugging it in while holding the reset button as one site suggested. I had to delete the device and follow the instructions as if it was a new device. Latee when trying again, unplugging and holding the reset button while plugging it in and for 15 seconds after plugging it in did work.		After only owning it three months, it is often disconnected from my WiFi and therefore not turning on when it's programmed to do so. Makes it useless. I thought it was my router. I contacted WeMo and they told me it only works with 2.4GHz. Maybe it does. But when I set it up with my phone in December, I was able to set it up to connect to my router and everything worked great. Now it can't say if the DSN for my 5GHz router was listed or not, but I connected and everything worked even though my phone was always connected to my 5GHz wifi DSN. And it worked with my Alexa-enabled devices (Echo, Dot, Fire Stick & Fire tablet), all of which are connected to my 5GHz wifi DSN. There was a WeMo software upgrade as of a month or so ago, my light was no longer turning on as programmed and when I brought up the app, the WeMo switch was often greyed out and then a few minutes later, it was accessible.  The light went on a programmed for a few days and then stopped working again. One night it just turned on by itself at about 1am (no rules to make it do so and no "accidental" turning on via app or Alexa. Turned it off and about 20 minutes later it turned on again. Figured I need to start from scratch which I did but the light does not turn on consistently using the rules I set up. And it appears greyed out on the app and then is accessible. I talked to support but all they did was tell me it was never going to find my 5GHz wifi DSN and told me I should change my other devices to be on that network. Really?!! I want the high speed to stream. Why would I downgrade just I can use this switch?! My Nest doesn't have that problem. Everything in my house recognizes both my 2.4GHz wifi DSN AND my 5GHz wifi DSN but not this device.		Recommend you DO NOT BUY this expensive switch unless you never stream and/or have slow internet service so you don't care that it has this restriction. And I have serious concerns that it would still act erratically as mine is doing after less than 3 months.
1,I didn't like the slow twist ratchet zoom.  Way easier with just pull back or pull out zoom.  Not kid friendly.
1,Arrived today. Nice looking. Except that there's just one of what is supposed to be a pair. I'll be returning it immediately. Thanks for nothing.
1,cheaply made and cheap in appearance
1,Built very strong but fit way too tight. I had to grind it on all sides and it still not a perfect fit.  The jack hammer Neiko works great.
1,Good light - nice lumens, warm... and noisy!!! Not on a dimmer and thus purely by the bulb! Low-end chopping power-circuits for LEDs - you get what you pay for!
1,Leaks badly after 2 years use and have to replace - will get something else as this is too expensive to replace every couple of years.
1,Got two, the first one was open, dirty, used, and cracked.  The second one was brand new, in a sealed box, and still cracked.  There's a hairline crack at every single hole, and a couple elsewhere, too, all over the black base piece.  How or why this is acceptable to Dremel, I have no idea.  I guess I'll keep the thing, because I need it immediately, and it does work, but I do believe I'll make my own mounting table with metal hardware and a non-plastic chassis, maybe corian or laminate or tough plastic or something.		I'll update on the progress of these cracks and when/if this thing fails.  Plus, I'll look into a good glue for cracks in ABS.  ABS plumbing cement or something...  Seems like I always have to work on my tools before I can do work with them, and it seems like things in general are getting exponentially cheaper but ever more expensive...  Meh.  If I had it to do over, I might just save the $30 and make my own, but I am lazier than I am thrifty, so it stays.  One last complaint, though- it's allegedly made so that you can inset it into the underside of your work surface, and they show a cutout shape you could use, but it neglects the "Dremel" badge at the front.  That should have been vertical or horizontal, but not set at the pointless 45* it is, which gets in the way if you want to inset the thing.  I guess you could always Dremel off the Dremel badge...  I think I'll make up a handmade high-quality version of this in metal and sell it on Etsy.  Wonder if Amazon allows such talk?  If you read this, they do!		Contacted Dremel.  At first, I was completely blown off.  Then I was insulted and lied to.  Then I was sent yet another one.  Will it be any better than the first two?  I'll update when it gets here.  For now, I am shocked and appalled at the blatant lies the rep told me.  Between the "quality" of this piece and the rep, I am having serious doubts about the Dremel organization.  Perhaps I'll move up to Foredom before I spend any more money on Dremel.  Hmm.		Third one got here.  It's cracked, too.  I give up.  Saving my pennies for better gear.  New stuff that's cracked just doesn't cut it for me.
1,Returned these. They where so dirty with how know what. It wouldhave taken me hours to clean to use.
1,I used it a few times after I ordered it in 2016.  After sitting for a year, it doesn't work at all.  (I tested it: no voltage is there.)
1,This isn't good for anything but the smallest of clogs. It like a 50 foot long wet noodle. Save your money and go with something else.
1,Looks promising, but I'll never know for sure. Due to a poor tube design, lack of seal between the tip end and the tube, there wasn't any product left to try. It was leaking out around the joint between the tube and the cap/tip. The poor design and heat during shipping most likely made all of the liquid leak out. I would imagine that this is pretty common due to the design, and I won't attempt to order again, although I'd love to see this stuff work. Manybe the manufacturer will come up with an improved tube/cap/tip design at some point. Until then, a simple container will hold this product back from possible greatness. Luckily, Amazon is processing my refund now.
1,useless
1,DoA	This item fail to work on arrival. I am finding the quality of more Chinese made products lacking in quality
1,Pros:		* Bright light (5 diff settings)	* Sturdy body built	* Small enough to fit in any bag	* Belt-clip is solid and withstands a good pull		Cons:	* Due to strobe sizing capability, the 'head', which one pulls in and out to achieve such function, does NOT retain a solid state.  This causes the light to flicker and weakens the light.		I would not buy nor recommend to any one.
1,Item only has 22 3/4 inches of useable space for your towel - not 24 like advertised. The listing should state this information. I purchased 2 under the impression that I would be getting two 24 in. bars, but was incorrect in my assumption. I am in the process of returning both.
1,Come in pieces. At first I thought that the back was two different pieces, which I thought was great. I could split them up in two locations. But when I pulled open the plastic it was in more like 100 pieces. Really brittle. I sent it back.
1,Four words. Don't waste your time. Would not even draw paint into the unit. Not to mention you can not buy replacement heads.
1,I tried to use this as directed.  It made the chisel duller than when I started.
1,Other reviewers are correct: it falls off with ease. In use for several months and it falls off of the adhesive pad that had retained it. The adhesive pad remains on the toilet seat.
1,Good price, well built, but uses the standard LED and not a CREE LED.  Keep looking for a CREE LED flashlight for the same price.
1,Bracket is galvanized but the wheel is already rusted.
1,NO! They don't stick ( so yeah, you can buy better tape for it.) but the illumination STINKS. Thought I might use them (temporarily) under my cabinets....lol NO.	I do not recommend these.
1,Needs a crescent wrench.  Also, the case is poorly molded so the tools constantly fall out of their slots.
1,Don't like the dial to brake the blade. I kept it but rarely use it. I like the Dewalt with the click mechanism better.
1,Filters were not marked with any code or number.  Completely blank.  They appeared to be very cheaply made.  Sent them back.
1,Very cheap and cheesy and a part he goes in and out when you turn the handle quit working after about two months. You couldn't just get the door a little shove and have a close. You had that turn the handle to close the door.		Would not recommend this product. Go to Home Depot and get a good one.
1,I liked it at first but it actually tore up in less that a week. When I used it chunks of orange rubber fly off of it and now it's showing metal that's inside it. The rubber should be thicker and tougher.
1,Mine has been installed over a year. Seems to be cheaply made and now trying to keep clean around the handles is a nightmare. It has come apart from the handle when trying to take handles off from counter.
1,Overall it's fine - looks new, bright white but it's nearly impossible to open/close it :/ I use it in the bathroom so when it gets too cold, I just put a bath mat over it. It is what it is, my local Lowes didn't have this size so just ordered it here.
1,Bought two cans. Dont use on plastic. I purchased this because it was cheaper than the other product I had used before. It sucks, unless you like a crackling dripping mess.
1,Bought two. They worked nicely at first, but the plastic over the solar cell isn't UV resistant, and it quickly yellows and becomes opaque. And the ones I have aren't even in direct sun (which means they only charge up enough to work every other day or so, given the small batteries).
1,Not tall enough to engage the door frame.  Come out to the edge of either of my storm doors metal frame.  Tried to shim it out but then it wobbled.  Needs bolts that go all the way through the door and a metal plate on the other side to securely mount it.
1,This was the first time I used hammered finished paint and it didn't work well for me (it might be operator error).  I don't think I put enough paint on to get the hammered effect.  I used it like regular paint and when finished, it looked like regular gray paint on the metal grinder stand I painted.  I think a person should find information on how to use hammered paint to get the effect before using. Also, this is almost 2x the cost than the same paint can be purchased in local retail big box stores.
1,Didn't install as predicted by Nest website. Used nest to find contractors to install for me, none returned my calls.
1,They bend easily. Practically useless.
1,My experience is similar to others: it works for a week or two then stops responding until it is unplugged and plugged back in. After a while the interval between failing becomes much shorter and it stops responding within a few hours. I threw it out. Piece of junk.
1,No hole template found in the packaging as described in the instructions.	Wasted my time waiting for this fixture and wasted the customers time.
1,Bought one at Costco, stopped working in few weeks. Returned, bought another one and that one  would not shut off day or night in spite of knob adjustments. Neither one was exposed to rain or snow.
1,The construction is a bit lame.  This functions alright but not as well as indicated by others who have reviewed it.
1,These battery powered units' circuitry seems faulty.  They are bright at first, then dim out, but will brighten up again if you tap them--seems like poor internal wiring.
1,Did not fit  in my triple wall pipe.  Could not return it.
1,Died after 2 weeks.  Light was ALSO not very bright.  Very frustrated having to go through the hassle of returning it.  Product is NOT worth a purchase.
1,Junk.  I'm on my second one.  Both leak.  I'm buying a different brand.
1,X-Large may be a kids size but not close to adult XL.	Lineman Gloves they're not (disclaimer not intended for for energized electrical use )	- It's like buying welders gloves and the disclaimer says Do not Expose to Heat.		Really misrepresented Amazon, Im disappointed.		I bought better gloves at my local True Value Hardware.		Id return them if it wasn't such a bother.
1,after 1 and a half years the crimp connection started to leak, even with the 10 year advertised warranty its been difficult to return the product- and impossible to get a replacement since the 1/2 version I have is no longer available, since its the lead in from my compressor my system is shut down until I purchase a replacement
1,These were just too small for my steel dining chairs 11/8 dia legs.	Went over the feet but not all the way down into the protector.	Have now ordered larger size, hope they're not too sloppy a fit.
1,They are fun and great at first, but within a few months the connections corrode and the light stops functioning. You can clean them and they will work for a little while but then need cleaning again and finally stop working all together. Fun at first but not recommended.
1,I'll give it 2 stars because the material is solid, however even at 620RPM while cutting through plywood the blades heats the wood and it smokes.  The tool itself feels as if it could fly off at any moment.  The distance markings are way off too.  I'm returning this tool.  Perhaps all such circle cutters are similar.
1,I've reviewed this product already. I didn't keep it, sent it back because it was for the wrong application
1,I bought this "tool" to remove an old tub drain. After tried many different ways, I gave up. It simply could not grab on to the metal inner surface of the drain head.		The tool designer might have a good idea, but failed in reducing it to a practical tool.
1,Bought these to use for folding legs on a tailgating.table.  Not as sturdy as I had hoped.
1,I returned this item. It had very little pull on the magnets. Maybe for the do it yourself person on a very beginning level, like a 4 year old.
1,Ones you start to clamp thing to hard the clamp just stops working
1,Don't like it.  I thought I was getting something to set a 20* angle but it's a holder of the blade and I move it through this thing.  I don't really know.  I spent 11 dollars on it and look at it sitting there thinking what a waste
1,Of the 4 bulbs shipped, one was dead on arrival. Of the remaining 3 bulbs, 2 died within hours of use. I won't be ordering this brand again.
1,Dose not come with a plug
1,I bought two sets had to return both.  One set had a ladybug burn out in less than 2 weeks and the other one did not work properly either.
1,We bought this for use as a "doggy doorbell" and my dog quickly mastered ringing the bell to get out of the Texas summer heat.		While I was originally very thrilled with this product, it has been three months since we started using this and it has stopped working.		The sensor will light up blue indicating it is active and batteries are charged and the wall plug will play noise when you press on the volume button indicating it still works, but they don't communicate with eachother.		I would not suggest this product for others based on how long it lasted.
1,The ends were meant to be a  1/4 inch 'T'. They were much smaller than that. For the moment, they are holding; but if they come away from the channel meant to hold them, I will expect a replacement or refund!
1,Does not dim with two different dimmers.
1,This thing is junk, sorry I wasted my money...
1,not good. will not hold the end contacts tight. junk
1,I already had a strand of these in our back yard up one side of the fence. I got these to go up the other side of the fence.  They are perfect for the summer time and all year round to make the back yard feel fun and festive. We added mini red party cups to every third light. Super fun! These lights are great. They charge up easily and run all night long! I would definitely buy more of these as I need them! The strand I already had, I bought last summer and they are still running strong. I occasionally get up early enough in the morning for it to still be dark out and those lights are still going. They still last just as long as they did when they are new . This strand I have only had for about 10 days but I'm hoping they last just as long. I received these at a discounted rate in exchange for an honest review.		UPDATE 05/02/2016 These lights looked great when I first put them up but that only lasted a couple months. They didn't come on a couple nights so I went out and made sure the sensor was angled appropriately and was clear/clean. They came back on for one or two nights and then most of the strand stopped working. Now the only portion that comes on is the first couple feet closest to the sensor. These lasted about 3 months. Very disappointed. I was hoping they would last a year like the others in the back yard.
1,When I saw this i thought man great finaly an led work light, Dont be deceived this will not replace a 500 watt  halogen even thought from the picture it looks like one.  this is more along the level of a 40 watt light bulb.  it minght come in handy if you are on the side of the road and need a small light on a stand but my flash light is brighter  the flashing strobe light (red and blue) are of litttle to no use  i feel you would be better off spending $5 for a cree led  aa flashlight  now if the 24 led in it were like the 7 watt cree than this would be usefull
1,P.O.S.
1,Is not a japanese meter is a Chinese meter, do not buy this expecting quality,		Sanwa is the original brand and they choose the name to be close
1,When it works it works well, at least in the short time I have had them.  Purchased a half dozen of them and at least a three were defective or would not connect to the hub.		Long term is yet to be seen and not sure how long it will last for outdoor applications in Indiana weather.  Would suggest running a bead of caulk around the housing and the door.		Battery life very short, around 180 days
1,Almost useless.  Freezes a 20lb tank of propane solid in about in about 5 seconds.  Burned weeds grew back in a couple of days.  Want to lug around a 100lb tank of propane?  Let me know how that works out.  My chickens like to sit on it, so not totally useless, I guess.
1,The first time I turned them on ,which was just recently as I live in the north and wanted them fro summer, they worked for one day!!
1,The neck is solid and flexible and the lamp would be perfect, except the head has already snapped off the neck and is dangling.		Taped it together and works fine, just cheap construction.
1,These bulbs and everything I've tested that CREE makes (60w, 75w, 100w equivalents) emit a ton of Electromagnetic Interference - EMI, I can't talk on a cellphone with the lights on because the bulbs are not properly shielded against interference and are not compliant with FCC regulations.		LED bulbs use something called pulse width modulation to gain their efficiency, that means that the bulb is essentially flashing really really fast so that it's not on all the time and is able to use less electricity. The rapid succession of on and off states cause an electromagnetic field to be radiated outward, if the field is not compensated for it will interfere with all sorts of radio signals.		You can see for yourself whether your bulbs are doing this, grab an AM radio and turn the light off, tune your AM radio to a clear station and place the antenna near the bulb. Switch the lights on and see for yourself how bad these bulbs are.
1,DOES NOT FIT THE NEW "DD" MAGLIGHT!! It is nice and bright, but the screw on cap that holds the LED in place won't fit over it. Maglight must have changed something so these don't fit.
1,UPDATE 11/5/2015:  This timer lasted less than two months.... it was in a protected area outdoors and we had one rainstorm (California drought) during these two months.... the timer is completely dead now.  I am downgrading this to one star.  Sorry, can no longer recommend.  Original review below.  Too bad, because while it did work I really liked the controls and operation... easy to use.  But no excuse for quality this poor.		This is a nice outdoor countdown timer that's UL certified and features two three prong plugs - great for holiday or landscape lights.  Here's how it works: You plug your lights into one or both of the two outlets, then push the "set" button to cycle through the various modes.  Here they are:		Mode 1:  Off	Mode 2: On	Mode 3:  On at dusk, off at dawn	Mode 4: On at dusk for 2 hours	Mode 5: On at dusk for 4 hours	Mode 6: On at dusk for 6 hours	Mode 7: On at dusk for 8 hours	Mode 8: On at dusk for 10 hours		I do wish there was an option for 3 hours - most of the year that would be the perfect amount of time for my landscape lights.  Also, if there is a power interruption, the timer has NO MEMORY so defaults back to "off" mode... it would be great if the timer had a small backup battery to keep the settings if there is a brief outage. I have a similar countdown timer that I have been using for several years and this one has a clearer, easier to understand display (which is probably why they did not include instructions, it is very easy to use).		There is no "made in..." country of origin marking so I assume China.		Overall, a nice countdown timer.  I will update this review if I run into weather / durability issues.		Sample provided in exchange for review.
1,I can't say I think much of it.  The switch was very sketchy.  Mine's long since gone the way of the trash.  I've had something better for free at the grand reopening of a Thorton's.
1,Great light, terrible design.  push button cap needs to be protected.  Carried it for a day in my right pants pocket and it kept turning on.  By the end of the day the battery was dead... guess what it was dark and the only time I actually needed it.  Go figure.  TERRIBLE button design.  I'll take a twist any day over an unprotected cap button.
1,Good thing there are two pairs: one pair already came apart.
1,I have had a complete turn-around in my opinion of this product; I waited two months to write my positive review, to make sure the thing worked. That was LAST WEEK. Yesterday it stopped working, making it 'suddenly' one of the worst, low-quality, wastes-of-money I'e ever bought.	Why the turnaround? Obvious--it's like it knew. A few other reviewers had written complaints about the product; now, I assure you I will never buy one like it again.	Not even sure I'd want to replace the 'element' in it if I could, my vibes against this company are so bad right now.	Why am I feeling so upset? I BOUGHT IT OCT. 26 2012, and checking the 'returns' link on Amazon, the lousy company's return policy makes it good for ONE MONTH!!!	That's a 30-day return policy on a piece of crap. So, no more Amazon purchases for me until I get over this latest fiasco.	Amazon needs to cut some heads as far as vendors, resellers, everybody they're showcasing on their site, because they're heading the same route as eBay, maybe even worse, with stuff like this.	I should have known, because I should have taken the advice of the negative reviews of this product (the whole family of them, actually). They're 'ticking time bombs', and those who've left positive reviews are inevitably going to have the same thing happen, because these are crap.
1,For the money, two things are definite drawbacks: 1) the hose lines are incredibly short and will only reach your water lines if they are no more than 12" from the bottom of the sink, 2) the drain stopper is a cute idea but it doesn't work. The funky plastic gear mechanism American Standard uses to drive the drain stopper is cable linked and does not apply enough torque to pull the rubber gasket firmly into the drain.
1,This bulb is OK, but you can do better.  It has less lumens than a 60-watt replacement bulb, even though it is supposed to be a 75-watt replacement bulb.  The shipping time was a couple of weeks which is extremely inconvenient.  I put up with the inconvenience, because I was having a hard time finding a clear Edison-style, dimmable LED, with a lot of lumens.  Fortunately I found Biolux, and this is a much better bulb in every way. I wanted to returned this bulb, but this is not really feasible with an item that has this kind of shipping delay, I think from China.
1,reburbished item sent; poor instruction; poor quality; minimal english if at all..0/5 star
1,We bought two - one is fine, but the other does not work: it clicks when motion occurs but does not turn on the light.  And I discovered this after the 30 day Amazon return time limit, so I guess I'll just throw it away.
1,Brokevwithin 1 month. Cheap Chinese electronics. Dont buy it. May be worth $5.
1,Almost 1 feet short and leave there a huge gap between the down edge and the floor.
1,The product isn't a original Oakley item. This is a cheap piece of crap! I have one original Oakley lanyard black and the material isn't the some! THIS IS FAKE!
1,I bought this battery in a battery, drill, saw and charger kit. The battery won't link with the Bluetooth on my Android phone. It worked a little on my tablet, but crashed and the tablet rebooted.
1,I like the grip of the band. I also like the dual setting it has for the light. I am not really sure how I feel about the warning on the back that says the product contains chemicals known to the state of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm. Wash hands after handling.... I was holding it in my hands and reading while being pregnant... washed my hands and now I don't know what to do with it.
1,first pull was great! i thought this was going to be awesome, but if paint gets on anything but the very bottom, it will squish out. i had to fix more than i do when just using a brush. it got pitched.
1,no good
1,Soft metal. Bent with very little force.
1,Bought this Nov 14, i installed it right away, it was very noise just like another review mentioned, it has quit working already, i tried wiring it directly and still does not work! I would not recommend this product! I'm very disappointed! The one i bought from the local box store worked for years, what a hassle to remove and return!
1,I purchased this driver from a local store in June 2010 because it was on clearance for $150.00.  The first time I needed to use it, one of the batteries was dead, Hitachi replaced it without issue. I have probably used it for a total of 4 hours until yesterday when I needed to drive some screws into Trex decking. I charged both  batteries and was ready to go, one screw and the driver stopped working completly.		I have many Bosch and some Porter Cable tools and never have had a problem like this before with a tool, especially one that has so few hours.		The good thing is there is a retroactive lifetime warranty on the tool, the bad thing is the warranty isn't much help if the tool won't work when you need it.
1,Looks nice but corroding after 2 months
1,We are simply delighted with this little powerhouse! As far as we're concerned, it is plenty bight and blows regular flashlights away. I was rather amazed at the light beam (adjustable) it offers. The scalloping on the nose protects the lens. I recommend using a rechargeable AA battery because it uses a bit of power to provide that nice beam. BUT after one uses the little powerhouse, the button on the end gets messed up and you have to disassemble it to get the loose spring properly aligned again. This happens with both of the ones we bought. They really should be pulled from the inventory because this issue really compromises the usability of the flashlight. Clearly bad design.
1,Didn't  last year and a half and barely that much
1,Only lasted about 6 months. Very little light.
1,This driveway guard is junk. It's flimsy, doesn't retract well, and is made from cheap materials. I expect better for this price. The manufacturer couldn't bother to put a plastic guide to help it retract evenly, or reinforce the edges of the net so it wasn't so flimsy, or put a place to dock the poll so it didn't hang all sloppy like when the fence is fully retracted, if it fully retracts which it often does not. I can not find one redeeming quality in this product. It looks like it was made from parts someone picked up at the local hardware store.
1,dont waste your money, this light was recommended as a cleaning trap for my AR-15 rifle  the 1/2x28 fitting is PLASTIC a complete piece of junk even if I were rating it as a flashlight it would get 1 star
1,Love the functionality... BUT WHAT THE HECK.. bottoms separating and dropping out!
1,I bought so they could hang on the door. But they are so unstable just hanging.....you have to say reward them in. I have installed these type before and work well when stable. Make sure you have hollow door screw anchors if installing into a hollow door.
1,Apparently the 'USA' on the handle does not indicate quality, obviously no quality control. The item at first glance looks deceivingly well made, but brand new right out of the box :1) The ratchet Right will not work...it just stays in locked position defeating the whole purpose of having a ratcheting screwdriver, and 2) The end piece storage hub is extremely hard to pull out, so then when forced out it will spill out the stored bits.
1,This review is for the WeMo Insight Switch, Wi-Fi Enabled, Control your Electronics from anywhere + Monitor Energy Usage, Works with Alexa.		I can't begin to explain how much I hate these things. They are a complete nightmare to set up, are totally unreliable, and this is coming from an IT engineer who builds and supports servers, networks, and other IT infrastructure.		When you first plug the units in, you have to download the WeMo app to a mobile device and then connect your mobile device to the adhoc WiFi network the WeMo initiates. Then you're supposed to run through the setup wizard, part of which is to locate your own wireless network, connect to it, and then download the firmware update for your WeMo device. The problem is every time you try to connect to your WiFi network, it tells you that it's unable to connect and you have to start the process all over; unplugging / re-plugging the device, performing a reset on it, etc... It took me hours to set each one up.		Once I got them online, I noticed that I kept having communication issues with one of the units, it keeps dropping offline. Every time I open the app, it asks me if I want to remove it from my list of device. It's only 80 feet away from my router, there's no reason for it to have connectivity issues.		What's even worse is this: I bought these because there have been times where I needed to physically reboot my server at home or my security camera since it has stopped responding, so I figure I'll use these WiFi enabled outlet plugs in case of emergency. Normally I'd never want to just power off and on a server, but when the need arises and you can't do it.. it's extremely frustrating. Well, I was looking at the WeMo for my security camera which popped up a firmware update available window and asked if I wanted to install it. It mentioned power would temporarily be shut off while the firmware update installs, so since I was in the security camera WeMo device I figured why not. Well instead of just installing the firmware update to that one device, it did ALL of them at the same time. This means it did a hard power-off of my server which not only resulted in the loss of data and corruption of several VMs; somehow the thing blew the power supply in my server. I had to replace it to get the server to power back up.		If I could return these things I would. They're useless, unreliable, and they can't even be configured with a static DNS entry. Awful.
1,Disk screwed to shaft was vibrating and shaft broke on first use.
1,Ok, after having used this for almost a year now, I must say I have to adjust my review. The lock worked great for most of the year. However, in the winter cold of the Pacific Northwest, the electronic mechanism ceases to function. The problem appears to be electronic rather than mechanical as I am still able to turn the knob and/or key to get the door locked and unlocked. However, the touchpad seems to stop working and you can hear the motor inside struggling to just move.		The battery is not the issue as I have tried new batteries only to result in the same problem. Ever since spring returned the lock once again worked fine. Kind of ridiculous that a lock would stop working in winter weather, but there you have it... *sigh*		----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------		The lock slips right into the existing Schlage deadbolt setup with minimal installation fuss. Like somebody else already noted, all I really needed was a philips screwdriver. Assuming your door alignment and previous lock installation was done correctly, you should have no problems.		Setting up the keypad and PINs was also a breeze. I was fully up and running in minutes.		Now to the fun part, z-wave. This is the only reason I took off a star for the product. I've been a long time z-wave user, although primarily for lights until now. With a Vera Lite, I expected an easy pairing process, however it did take a few tries before I was able to successfully pair this deadbolt. The Vera would seemingly pair fine, but then when I went into MIOS to configure the lock, it would not work. There was no rhyme or reason. It just didn't work.		Finally about 4-5 cycles of pairing/unpairing, I did get the deadbolt to poll and control properly. Not sure what the problem was, but definitely not as painless as my other device pairings. Fairly certain the lock is to blame for any issues since I've had my Vera for some time now, and have not had any issues prior.
1,I bought a case on June 25, 2015, I never opened the case until Yesterday, this supposed to have a shelf life of 5 years. Well that is great except when i opened it i saw one of the packets, while sealed, was not "vacuum" sealed. the vacuum process had failed, Of course it is too late to do anything about it. 70 bucks down the drain. I would not buy this product from this seller. If i could give zero stars I would.
1,I ordered 4 of these and the one that worked was very good. YES I KNOW HOW TO USE THE REMOTE! On one, the green light would not come on at all, on another one the green would never come up to full brightness, one of them seems out of focus and one worked perfectly. Had they all worked, I would heve kep them because the looked very cool on the trees around my house. I ended up sending them back.		Here is what I liked:		- The remote is easy to use.	- Timer function is excellent. Comes on every day for the period you select.	- One remote will work for all lights, get close for it to work.	- Quality casing and the metal stake is a PLUS!	- When they work they look GREAT!		Things I don't like:		- Inconstant brightness from one to the other	- Focus was off on one of the units delivered, causing diffuse dots that were hard to see	- Green is a LOT brighter to the eye then red
1,HORRIBLE 'fire' alarm. DO NOT BUY THIS P OS! Why am I leaving a review for a fire alarm at fre eking midnight? I'll tell you why:	I just got woken up in the middle of the night with a HOUSE FULL OF KIDS with a SCREECHING fire alarm and no intuitive way to turn this P OS off. Finally I see something on the sticker (as it's SCREECHING INTO MY EARS!!!!):  it says " TURN OFF ALARM HERE: Turning off alarm is PERMANENT, DISPOSE of ALARM AFTERWARDS!" It looks like there is a button underneath the sticker so I keep pressing it - nothing happens! Sitting here with a cadre of terrified children I have to run to get my reading glasses so I can read the 8pt. text that says " Break through label and turn slotted screw into OFF position to disable". How does one do that? One has to get a steak knife, cut through the stickers and turn their SCREW in the right direction - let's just say screw is the proper term for this company!	And this is a "10 YEAR" alarm? I haven't owned it for ONE YEAR and this happened! This is a dangerous piece of JUNK and if anyone wants to do put together a group lawsuit I'm in!
1,I think it is a very pretty faucett and the water flow was very good. However, it leaked after one day. Water leaks came from the handle and dripped backwards onto the counter. Packaging was mediocre. Returned after a couple days.
1,I have to give this two stars because it's a replacement for a like light that only lasted 3 months.  He first one had two of the LEDs go out, but 12 others are working great.  If the first one was a fluke I will post an updated review.		Update - 12/4/16 - beware of 4 and 5 star reviews. As much as I loved the color, brightness, angle and energy savings, I can't recommend these bulbs.  I installed two sets of these in my yard (20) and 50% died or started malfunctioning within 6 months. I expected these to last longer than the traditional halogen bulbs, but 18 months after installing them I only have one working bulb left.		The other issue many have is these are larger than standard bulbs and they don't fit well in many outdoor 12 volt lights (Malibu, etc). I had a difficult time securing the cover on my backyard lights.		I wasn't so much trying to save money as it's unrealistic to expect to recoup the difference in price by the pennies you save on your bill, but I try and be environmentally friendly. When I think of the energy and resources used to manufacture these bulbs, and the fact they go into the landfills at twice the rate of the halogens, it's clear that purchasing these only makes one feel like they're helping the environment. I'll continue my search for a reliable alternative (now trying a couple 12V led fixtures, but the bulbs aren't replaceable).
1,Do NOT waste your time or money
1,Although it measured correctly and the same size as what I replaced it won't stay hooked inside the shower door.
1,One out of three lasted more than a day and that one lasted 3 days.  Just checking the voltage from a solar panel and I've never seen it go over 19v.  I guess I'll eat the $7.
1,Filter has to be turned and reinserted after a couple of weeks. Works well conditioning water though. Filters could get expensive.
1,Doesn't work!!!
1,IMHO. . .	In my opinion, this product leaves behind a film that actually *traps* typical dirt and make's it twice as hard to remove unless you use the same product over and over to clean it again, and again, and again, and again, as build-up occurs much faster due to the film's attraction to dirt, especially traffic filth, so buy a case of this stuff and figure your weekends are booked for the next . . .		Preparation is 9/10ths of the job.	....If you haven't installed yout tile yet, you may want to consider the EPOXY grouts, often used on tiled kitchen countertops.  No, not the acrylic caulking compound disguised as a grout, but real epoxy.		A much better alternative.	Epoxy is an inert material, and once allowed to cure is impervious to ANY liquid with the exception of industrial solvents[xylene, toulene] that really have no place being anywhere near a kitchen in the first place unless your kitchen is a meth lab or crack house.  It does take some finesse to initially apply, and one should address one small area at a time [4sqft] as once this stuff cures [please follow curing directions thoroughly], nothing short of a Hilti rotary hammer will remove it.  So unlike typical grouts, you must clean and smooth your joints BEFORE you move on to the next area.  Now, if you are hiring out the work, remember that installers HATE epoxy grout[I think I've actually seen one break out in hives at its mere mention], since unlike the very forgiving, very easy to work with but not live with sanded grouts, so they will often try and talk the customer into sticking with traditional grouts and apply this stuff afterwards.  You see, they can charge up the wazoo for what is essentially diluted-down poly, and just like sanded grouts, very easy to apply.  Which is great since you'll be doing it or paying someone else to do it over and over and over[you get the idea].		Measure twice, cut once.	This product is directed at folks who didn't do the job correctly to begin with and now need to cover-up their mess.  But why should Sparky be the only one chasing his tail?  Sparky would give it five stars but he can't reach the keyboard.		UPDATE: 8/19/2008	  First, I must apologize for not making some of my points clearer at the expense of a tongue and cheek approach: Mia culpa.	This update addresses the sense of some who felt there was little benefit gained by the review and one taking the time to share their thoughts in the "Comments" section.	  More to the point:  The sealer IS the film, whether it's above the surface or below; which is the whole point of my review.  Sorry for not making that clear.  Basically, it's like Scotchguard treatments, which do indeed protect from spills, but allows grime to be ground in and adhere to the sealer or Protecter.  In the end, it actually makes the substrate more difficult to clean due to the adhesion of the sealer [or protector].		Simply put, sans the tongue and cheek, using these sealers or protectors starts an ever increasing cycle beginning with most contaminents adhering or being ground into the sealer within the substrate/protector making it that much harder to remove grime and that much faster to collect it.		PS. I appreciate all votes, positive or negative, as this means the review got you to THINK and PARTICIPATE.  Agreement neither contributes to the process nor does disagreement detract.		Here's to ALL buyers that take the time and effort to THINK, PROCESS and PARTICIPATE!  My words are not gospel and skepticism is an invalable attribute!		How on earth do you think ANY company can manage to sell anyone a gallon of "cleaner" for FIFTY BUCKS or a bottle of WATER for _____[fill in the blank]?!?!?!		Some folks are perfectly satisfied to let others do their thinking for them.  Without this population, such companies would all but disappear!		AX~
1,i'm disappointed in the quality of this thing, i thought higher of the company. the one i got was really tight, so tight i couldn't move the leaf's without force. i had to take the rivets out and put in my own, now it looks beat up, but it works now. out of the package, it was just really poorly made.
1,the shark is a good idea... but in about a week of owning it and using it very little, the button broke to release the blade. then soon after the piece that holds the wire stripper shut broke off.  wouldnt recommend it.
1,In August of 2016 I purchased 40 of these bulbs.  I installed 14 in an existing 12 volt landscape lighting situation and already had to replace 6 of them.  One side appears to stop working and the remaining LED's begin flashing like a strobe.  I sent the manufacturer an email and never heard back.
1,I purchased this for a bathroom renovation and while installing, noticed that the majority of it was just sheet metal.  Also, the transformer was already burning out(It had a constant loud buzzing sound coming out of it.). The best part is, that I didn't get around to install it until after the return window closed so I'm stuck with a worthless light.
1,I never have gotten this thing to work.  It has no instructions and is not marked which way is forward/reverse.  The thing you move to change direction is vary hard to move.  I think also you have to hit it REALLY Hard.  Maybe it is OK for real men, but not old men like me.
1,I've been using pur for about a month, now. Water flow was slow, but ok. But as time passes water flow gets slower and it starts to drip.	May be my tap water is dirtier than others (I live in Flushing, NY) that lots of dirty particles are blocking water flow. But still, my tap water is not worst and I expected my filter to last at least two months. But it looks like I have to replace its filter soon, even though indicator says green.	Small modification of unit design is needed in order to prevent dripping at very slow water flow.
1,It's durably constructed* yet lightweight & easily handled; This item is sure to please even the most discriminating of buyers! *Update: This device became inoperable after limited usage!
1,Did not work with my Hunter fan.  I will work if your fan did not have it own remote control.
1,After many e-mails and promises, I really give up. They didn't send the product, nor give you a tracking number. I already spent money and time adjusting my installation to receive Skybell (new analog bell, transformer...) and no sign of my package. And after reading SO MANY complaints here, really bad reviews, I wonder if this company is really ready to launch a working product and handle the customers. To worse things, no respect for the early adopters like me who funded the concept, prototypes and construction of this awful device...
1,This unit only really warms up the 3 feet directly in front of it. Worse still, if you so much as brush by it while its on it trips our circuit breaker! I had an older version of this heater for 8 years until it finally broke down. It worked well. I liked that it has a tip over switch so I ordered a new one. Too bad the switch is super sensitive and trips my breaker that's all the way downstairs!! Boo
1,A useful hook, but it's a bit flimsy (both the rope and plastic device), so it's only appropriate for lightweight and non critical loads.	To me, a lashing strap feels much more reliable. Could be useful for small tasks around the house.
1,Doesn't work
1,Too small, Too low, 2 inches higher would be much better
1,Wow, just when you thought you knew what cheap was. This here is a real POS.	I'm not a Plummer so puzzled I didn't know what was wrong. Now I know, it's this thing. It leaked.	It actually cracked...
1,Extremely frustrating.		I mounted one light and tried to install the cover - could not do it.  You have to slide a tiny u shaped channel onto another one then squeeze the cover to engage another tiny u shaped channel - right.  All this while standing on a ladder working upside down.		I am not going to even try and install the other three and will return them all.		Grrr.
1,seems cheap haven't dared to use it
1,no
1,The product is not good for testing tamper resistant receptacles which are required in Michigan.  I emailed the manufacture and they never replied.
1,This thing is a nightmare to clean. You need to clean it every single time you shower otherwise it gets all gunky, the hair gets caught instead of going down the drain, which is the point, but then that hair collects bits of soap, shampoo, and shower mildew build up, etc, then to clean it you have to pick it all out by hand. Bleh, we went like 2 days without cleaning it, and it was so gross that I thought I was going to be sick.
1,I wasn't too pleased with the quality of this light. The USB connector fits very tight into the power adapter. The power adapter itself came apart the first time I plugged it in and I had to glue it back together. The light itself is okay, but I don't expect it to last long.
1,I bought this at Lowe's. It's never worked right. I could never sync it with my iPad to operate it remotely. It turns the heat up to 83 degrees every afternoon. The Nest chat room operator tells us we'll probably have to return it--the flux capacitor isn't right--and we need to call and talk to somebody at the help desk, but no matter what time of day we call, there's a 20-minute wait to talk to a human. In the meantime, our contractor dropped it and now the glass is cracked, so now they'll never take it back. We're puckering up and kissing $325 ($250 +$75 installation) goodbye.		I've had three programmable thermostats and loathed every one of them. I want one of those simple, mechanical, round Honeywell thermostats but I'm told I can't have one because I have a heat pump. Well, when my heater dies 6 or so years from now, the heat pump is going to the dump and I'm going to simplify to a thermostat that cools the house when you turn it down and warms it up when you turn it up. A revolutionary idea.
1,Absolute junk in every way. Magnets open in a breeze. Stickers don't work. The whole thing fell down after 1 day.
1,When first installed, it would only dim the lights a little bit. It was hardly noticeable when full dark, which is rather often here in Alaska.	Fast forward a few months, and it completely quit functioning. Would not recommend.
1,Review relates to product as delivered by Showerdoordirect:		Not impressed. Appears to be re-packaged oil from a bulk container.  Homemade cheesy label - not as represented in photo. There is a definite petroleum odor.  Glad the product shipped in a padded plastic bag. Cap partially unscrewed during shipment...better than 1/4 of the oil was all over the inside of the bag.
1,Stopped working after three days
1,cheep thin plastic.  I wonder how long they will withstand the sun and wind of Colorado.  Was extremely disappointed with these. Only good thing is they look nice.
1,Absolute junk. Did not function at all the first time I took it out of the box. Don't waste your money.
1,It stopped working after 2 weeks.  I can put any Kwikset key in or a screwdriver and it will lock and unlock easily.  Definitely not as good as the original lock.
1,Product is defective, trips gfci when you plug into outlet, other brands do not seem to have this problem
1,After using this tape for awhile I've come to the painfully obvious conclusion that this is the worst painters tape.	The adhesive is so weak especially it you touch it  that you would have better luck adhearing things together with spit.		If by some miracle you get to stay in place long enough to paint something it. The paint won't bleed through. For that reason it still gets 2 stars.
1,This is the absolute worst garage remote in my 30 years I have ever used.  Believe what all the other 1 star reviewers are saying.  This thing is so inconsistent and you absolutely have to be next to the garage door and push the button around 5 times just to get it to work (my Genie was installed in 2003 if that matters).  It is very frustrating.  I did not purchase mine from Amazon (local big box store), but came to Amazon to read reviews to see if I could find a better replacement.  My previous car had the IntelliLink built in (new car does not) and the IntelliLink worked like a charm.  I feel like I have been cheated out of $35!
1,Not user friendly for me.
1,Came with the wrong battery cage. Couldn't even put batteries in it, let alone turn it on. Returned.
1,Product was easy to set up, and easy to use.  Just read the directions.  It must be hardwired to the internet, and it connects MyQ devices wirelessly.	It requires a MyQ account to use remote monitoring and control on mobile devices via the MyQ mobile app.	All that being said, this product has a MAJOR downside - SECURITY, or lack of of it!	This device is a WIRELESS GATEWAY which cannot be accessed, managed, nor secured by the user whatsoever.	This wireless gateway connects to MyQ devices, but Chamberlain refuses to disclose what type, if any, of wireless security standard is being used.	It also connects to the MyQ Service, but Chamberlain refuses to disclose any information on the encryption protocols used to connect to the service.	* Is the status of a garage door being open or closed being transmitted in PLAIN TEXT to the MyQ service? No one at Chamberlain could say one way or the other!  WHAAAT?	Chamberlain only provides scripted answers such as "proprietary information cannot be disclosed."	So is Chamberlain developing their own encryption algorithms?  If so, SCARY!  If not, then why not simply disclose the use of proven encryption methodologies?  Or even worse, is encryption even being used?	With the rise of hacking of (IOT) Internet Of Things devices, Chamberlain should do everything possible to secure these devices.  Not only are these wireless gateways a point of vulnerability on the network, but they are also a point of vulnerability to physical home security.	Chamberlain product documentation as well as Chamberlain phone support is of little help.	In fact it seems the (CSRs) Customer Service Representatives at Chamberlain purposefully try to avoid answering the question, and even seem to attempt to cloud the issue with meaningless technobabble and unrelated documentation.	After several phone calls to technical support and many emails, it is my personal opinion this company is in no way concerned with the security of these devices, nor the security concerns of customers.	Chamberlain also makes LiftMaster, Craftsman (rebranded Chamberlain), and Clicker.		I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT NOR ANY MYQ GATEWAY DEVICE
1,I returned it
1,Sent back-didn't work
1,I thought it is good solution to prevent bugs, but I was wrong because of many bad issues in its design such as: the stickers on the two sides do not bear when a man come through the curtain, and I think they designed it for the pets not for human; also, its need more stickers in both sides to be strong. Second, it is hinder the movement when passing through it because they were sewing the upper middle of the curtain and that is an obstacle when you through it - especially if you are tall. I thought when I buy an expensive one; it will satisfy me. But I regretted when I bought and tried it.
1,I have to wiggle and rotate this thing to make the light come on. Sometimes Im successful, sometimes not. This really sucks when your kid likes it for going to bed.
1,I wouldn't recommend these.  I have two and they worked at first but then I had to change the password on my router.  They have never worked since.  They will not take my new password.  Not only have I spent hours trying to fix them I also have spent hours on the phone with their customer service.  They went so far as to replace them and, again, they won't take the password.  I have numerous devices including smart home switches, several Amazon echos, a smart TV, and many more and they all work.  I even have two smart plugs of a different brand that work fine.  There is something very wrong with their software and it seems they either can't fix it or won't.  I wasted a lot of money on these things.
1,Seems too complex and just annoying. It worked but too many fittings and overly complex - also there is an extremely tiny o-ring that seems to be the only thing that creates a seal to allow the pump to inflate things. It has already fallen out 5 times and I see this getting lost very soon and then the pump will not work or it will be off to the true value hardware store to find a replacement - most likely I will preemptively strike and buy a bagful. Would not buy this again.
1,This thing is plastic. Doesn't feel like good quality at all. Returned it
1,I've tried repeatedly to use this. It is just too cumbersome and complicated.  The gaps never seem to fit the spacing of my cut so it clears the blade.  The plastic hook on the end doesn't move independently of the sled feet and thus they are always in conflict.  I've had it for about four months and almost every cut I start to try and use it but fall back to my home made wood push blocks and push sticks.  Save your money.  Or if you really want one mine will be on ebay shortly.
1,not as bright as i expected
1,Best looking cabinet I've seen. It ends there. The air coming out never got above 120 degrees. Picked up the older 6 element with copper heat exchangers model and the air blowing out was 175 degrees, Returned this unit.
1,These must be made of lead. I tried to remove a standard (non-stainless steel) screw from a 2x4 and both ends of the bit were chewed off in seconds of drilling, while the screw remained unchanged and unmoved.
1,very heavy and could not position clamp on door frame...not sure what project clamp wld be good for....door frame strip came loose...got the glue but cld not get clamp flush on door...no good and too expensive to return as this clamp is very heavy
1,0 Stars. Does not charge up with solar panel. I took the battery out and charged it. Light worked for one night and that was it. Did not have a noticeable flicker and was not very bright. Would not recommend. I hate getting ripped off.
1,Two of the latches on my small boxes decided to break off
1,Did not work for my drain. Tool is weird and took a while for me to figure out. Kept spinning around in the drain
1,I've been using these filters for years and have virtually zero dust to speak of.  The individual bags they come in are easy to tear open straight across the top so you can slide your used filter into it (avoiding getting dust all over the place).		Don't get suckered into thinking the more expensive, higher MPR-rating filters are the way to go, unless you know you need them.  I use the 300-rated filters and it's plenty for the vast majority of people.  Higher rated filters will only reduce the efficiency of your heating and A/C systems and end up costing you more for the filters and in utility costs.  A tip I was taught to improve your filter's MPR rating without impacting air flow is to give the filter a quick spray with Pam (or similar) each time you replace the filter.  It will attract even more particles to the filter.		Oh, and the box these come in has a tear-off portion so that it serves as a dispenser for the filters - nice bonus feature!  (as of 2014, this feature no longer seems to exist)		UPDATE: as of late 2013, it seems like 3M has decided to save some money and produce a *dramatically* inferior product.  There is now very inconsistent fiber coverage -- to the point where there are rather large gaps that clearly won't capture dust.  Because of this change, I've dropped my 5-star rating to 3-stars.		UPDATE 2: it is now mid-2014. My most recent box still seems inferior from the original product I had been ordering for years, but there seems to be less inconsistency in the product compared with the box that prompted my update above.  Based on this, I am sufficiently satisfied and will keep ordering and will continue to update my review based on what I find.  If the next box is ok I may bump up the stars, but for now I'm still concerned there may be significant variability in the quality of the product and am leaving at 3-stars.		UPDATE 3: it is January 2015 and I am now officially giving up on these filters and dropping the review to 2-stars.  The most recent filter I used wasn't strong enough to resist the air going through it and completely flattened in the vent - completely defeating the purpose of the ridges and presumably reducing the efficiency of the furnace.  I've also noticed a marked increase in the amount of dust in my house, though there are other possible reasons there and it may or may not be the filters .  If these filters were as cheap as the no-name ones you can find at any store then they'd be adequate, but these just aren't worth $6/filter.  As much as I want to switch brands entirely, I am giving 3M's 600 MPR filters a chance first (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Filtrete-Clean-Living-Dust-Reduction-Filters-600-MPR-20-x-25-x-1-6-Pack/dp/B000P7BJXU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Filtrete Clean Living Dust Reduction Filters, 600 MPR, 20 x 25 x 1, 6-Pack</a>).  3M claims they provide better filtration AND are more efficient at allowing air through then the 300 MPR filter, which makes very little sense, but, OK.  At first glance they seem a lot like the 300 MPR filters used to be before the quality went downhill.  I'm a bit concerned the construction doesn't seem any more solid and so it may also flatten, but at least the fiber coverage is more consistent, and even the exterior packaging is more like the quality of the old ones that generated my initial review. I'll put up a review of those ones in a couple months after I've had a chance to evaluate them.		UPDATE 4: It's January 2016 and I've made the switch to the comparable Nordic Pure product (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Nordic-Pure-16x25x1M8-6-MERV-8-Pleated-AC-Furnace-Air-Filter-16x25x1-Box-of-6/dp/B005ESPIZ0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Nordic Pure 16x25x1M8-6 MERV 8 Pleated AC Furnace Air Filter, 16x25x1, Box of 6</a>).  The 3M product I linked in Update #3 was better than the product on this page, but still not even as good as these were in the past.  In contrast, the Nordic Pure product has consistent coverage but is structurally way stronger than the 3M product.  No flattening, no difficulties getting it in and out of the vent.  Wish I had switched earlier.
1,I wanted a peel off and this requires transfer paper........ A waste of my money....... if you don't have time don't buy this product.
1,These things aren't made well. How many must one buy to get one that works as it is supposed to?
1,Purchased with Pass & Seymour 3864CC6 Flush Outlet 30-Amp receptacle due to the fact it popped up as purchased with item indicating it would fit my receptacle. Well it didn't  hole way to big must be for 50 amp or other. So when I tried to return it Amazon said unreturnable item. So I bought one at Lowes that fit but I'm stuck with this one probably end up in trash which sucks throwing $$ away.
1,very poorly made and one fell apart when i tried to use it==do not buy this product==	I DID SEVERAL YRS AGO AND IT WAS FINE BUT NOT NOW
1,I used to wear one of these at work.  I was running a lawnmower, woodchipper, etc. and hauling brush all over the place.  For that type of "heavy-duty" use I cannot recommend this vest.  The material is flimsy and since the front and back flaps only attach at the elastic bands it tends to sit very loose and flop around in the wind a bit.  It will get torn to pieces if you work construction or landscaping or something like that.  My boss at my government job would rather replace three cheap vests every two weeks than buy one quality vest every eight months.		However, if you're just wearing it while you jog or ride a bike, then you probably want the cheap solution.  It's pretty visible (though I've seen better) from about 150 feet away and the silver stripes will reflect headlight beams.  So if you are doing something LIGHT duty, and you just need a cheap reflector vest, this might work for you.
1,As delivered unacceptable. A flashlight and batteries without any packaging. Distributer now states1 year warranty instead of Lifetime. No instructions. No manufacturer info. For the price, product as delivered is substandard.
1,My hands have deteriorated over the years (arthritis?) and I find that the top-mounted on/off switch pressure has too much resistance for my weakened hands. This to me is a big no-no.  Also, I was in my attic and I needed a more precise beam of light and this penlight is not adjustable.	When I first attempted to install a battery I found the plastic threads to be imprecise and required several attempts to screw two parts together.	To me, 2 of the 3 issues I raise are of a quality nature and I would like to know of a better alternative.	Thank you
1,Great concept but made cheap. The Velcro ripped after using it a few times.
1,Upon unboxing the item, I was pleasantly surprised to see that the fan was constructed in durable materials. While the 4" version is anemically weak in all but it's max setting, the 6" blows a good amount of air. Don't fool yourself into believing the 4" model will flow 190CFM. I doubt it would flow that in free air, but it certainly won't hold up to static pressure of 90 degree elbows or carbon filters like a centrifugal fan design will. Furthermore, I do not believe it will flow enough through a carbon filter to b of use to many people. The main problem with this design is its cheap motor and fan control. This thing really hums which makes me question whether it is a variable speed motor, or if it is just a AC motor with a rheostat. Several articles state that attaching a rheostat (dimmer) to a fan is a serious fire hazard, and I did see where another customer showed one that caught on fire. The manufacturer states that the fan registers less than or equal to 30 decibels (dB). I measured it at 1 meter at 56dB on low and 65dB on high. The manufacturer must have been measuring from an adjacent room or some other deceptive manner. For exhausting bathrooms silently look at the Panasonic Whisper line and never look back. If you need a quiet, small inline, everyone is impressed by Soler & Palau. This seems like a decent fan, but if you are going to put up with the noise, why not get a better constructed metal centrifugal fan? This fan idea has promise, but they need to get a properly designed 3-speed motor that has specific windings to each speed. This should eliminate the hum and make a great product. While I gave the 6" model 3 stars for at least moving air forcefully, I gave the 4" 2 stars for being very weak. (I've posted details of the 6" model on the relevant page)
1,These lights are extremely bright and the battery cover is not spring hinged so it is easy to lose it. Great that they come with a magnetic strip with 3M tape to secure these lights anywhere. I don't recommend them in a household for nighttime lighting as they are way too bright but for outdoor undercover activities they would be great.
1,After multiple uses the 3/16 extractor has begun to loose its grip. I now have to use a hammer to seat it in order to get it to grip.
1,Was defective and timer motor didn't turn timer wheel, but seller said that I can get a refund.
1,I tried to leave this feedback via the email Amazon sends asking for feedback on the packaging, but since it was negative, there was a mysterious website glitch that said it could not find any matching orders... of course.		This pertains to the V&O lantern. The first one I ordered was delivered on time, but upon opening I encountered the most ridiculous excuse for "packaging" that I have ever seen in my years of shopping Amazon.com.  There was no box... just a piece of folded cardboard that was as flimsy as a sheet of paper, and some plastic wrap that wasn't shrink-fitted, but rather just all loose and billowing, offering zero protection.  The unit was  bent and would not operate.  I returned it and received a replacement in the exact same condition.  Completely awful and a complete waste of money.  Do NOT buy this lantern from here... I suggest you find a store and pick one up in person where you can be sure the lantern operates as it should.  Super disappointed in this particular purchase.
1,Too dim, it;s a brownish yellow color. My bathroom looks murky.
1,Terrible product. Uses batteries that once on stays on and dies quickly.
1,Same problem as others have had - unit worked fine for about a year and then just smoked. I took it apart, a resistor and a diode fried.  I don't have the patience to fix it so will by a different brand.
1,Takes a large capacity compressor. 10 gallons won't work
1,Install new fan motor and it only  lasted about 2 months.
1,Didn't work when I got it after charging it up. It was for a Makita drill.
1,I installed these gutter guards on my gutters in CT. They install easily and work well.....well, in the summer.		After getting overflow due to gutter blockage the next spring, I climbed up to view the problem. Their lack of rigidity (thickness and strength) had allowed all of them to sag in the middle from snow and ice weight, and their width did not allow them to slip far enough under the shingles and some fell into the gutter at the shingle side. Also, those that had not collapsed had taken on a permanent bend allowing debris to collect in their centers, which like the gutter themselves, required cleaning out.		These would be super if you do not live in the northeast or anywhere snow and ice can accumulate on the eves. If you don't, the choice is to have something professionally installed, like one of the high rated micro-mesh systems, or find a way to prop up these DIY plastic ones so they don't sag. Else, might as well get used to cleaning gutters every other year....or more often depending on how many trees are within reach of your roof.
1,The claw attachment does not fit into the gray end of the hose The other tool fits fine! Should fix this problem and send me one that fits!!!	GOT REPLACEMENT, SAME PROBLEM THE CLAW ATTACHMENT DOES NOT FIT THE HOSE!!!!
1,This combo is junk, I'm buying something else.  The batteries are slow to charge compared to others, and the light is super dull, so you have to walk all the way over to it to see it, forget seeing it in the sun at all.  The drill keeps dropping bits, because the chuck keeps loosening up when in use, it'll loosen up on drill bits in and no matter what you do you cannot tighten it enough to hold a drill bit, the definition of drill, this drill cannot do.
1,I've only use this tool three times and already sounds like the bearings going out. When you hit to trigger a loud screeching sound happens. I'll never buy another reconditioned tool.
1,3 bulbs, 1 burned out in 1st month.
1,Actually I was ready to buy the Bora 542006 WTX Saw Plate and the two extentions ... but decided after reading the reviews not to ... the reviews were satisfactory ... it is probably a good product ... but ... before I could get pass the first five reviews two had already complained about a lack of comphresive instruction ... What is going on?	I just spend two days guessing my way through	assembling a bicycle because it did not have thorough instruction.  How much can it possibly cost to mention every part in the box and tell us where it goes!	One thing Amazon might like to do in the product promotional slide .... is show us a copy of the intructions.
1,Did not work
1,This tape has very little sticking ability. It is very hard to work with. The price was to good to be true.
1,Bad
1,I bought this faucet 2 years ago and I was impressed with how beautiful it was but also that it came with good quality water supply lines already attached.  And it was VERY easy to install, even for a novice do-it-yourselfer.		My love affair ended before one (1) year passed by.  In two years the cartridge has sprung leaks twice. This doesn't get heavy use as there are no children constantly turning the faucet on, it's 2 adults using it. The first time it needed a cartridge and Kohler was out of stock, I had to put up with leakage for 2 months before they sent the replacement part under warranty.  It started leaking AGAIN recently; trying to fix it this morning, the cartridge alone wasn't enough.  It needed o-rings and gaskets which Kohler also supplied this time but we couldn't reach those without taking the entire faucet out of the sink.		The chrome finish was no longer shiny and beautiful, it corroded from all the leakage and the high lime content in Greentucky's water system, and probably the use of Lime Away to try and get rid of the lime.  (The very cheap builder-grade Delta faucet lasted over 10 times longer than this faucet lasted - and was still shiny).		Also, the side sprayer is all plastic, not metal like the description says.
1,Battery went bad after 2 months and will not charge. I have old batterrys that are over 5 yeas old and they still work fine. I will only buy from Makita from now on and spend the extra money. I can only assume these are a knock off. I have been buying bare tools now because I have four chargers already so I wanted more batterys. The batterys from my old tools still work. Very disappointed in this purches but I like all my Mikita tools.
1,These are a cheap version of ones I normally buy at one of the big boxes. You get what you pay for.
1,I previously wrote a negative review on another Kakanuo LED bulb due to premature failures and/or low light output (Kakanuo G4 LED Bulb 12V Warm White 3000K 3 Watt 30W Equivalent 300Lumen Bi-pin). These bulbs are doing the same type of behavior. Two of the four bulbs have been emitting different levels of low light, even no light at times, the last few weeks. It is September and these bulbs were bought in June.  I have given up with this company. The build quality made me believe that I was purchasing good products and proceeded to make three separate purchases from Kakanuo in about one year. That was a mistake. My incandescent bulbs were giving much longer life, albeit shorter than the EXPECTED life of LED technology. All these LED manufacturers give expected lifespans of 30-50k hours for their bulbs. Sure, that is for the actual LED chip and not the circuitry included in the bulb. That is where the shortcuts are made for profits and premature failures arise. Back to the drawing board on LED replacement bulbs. Look elsewhere if you expect some life expectancy of the bulb.		UPDATE 9/19/18: The manufacturer offered me a FULL refund on this purchase. The one thing I can say is they're at least standing behind	 their refunding of manufacturing defects.
1,Don't buy flimsy, go to your local hardware or big box retailer.
1,Over price
1,Crappy.
1,check pic below.. some one threw on a sticker to cover up a huge dent on the barcode
1,Doesn't fit.
1,I purchased this two years ago.  After living in our home for twelve years, the Waste King (WK) garbage disposal stopped working.  We NEVER had any problem with the WK until it died.  I never had to keep cleaning it out because of it not being able to grind everything.  BUT this InSinkErator is nothing but trouble.  About every two weeks I have to remove the rubber sink grommet, reach in and remove what looks like a "hair ball."  It's disgusting.  I allow the water to run for at least five minutes but it never gets rid of the material.  It finally begins to get off balance and therefore the manual removal of the waste ball.		I would definitely NOT purchase an InSinkErator again.  It used to be the only brand I would buy when I used to buy houses and refurbish them.  I had never even heard of the Waste King brand until the unit broke in our own home and I had to take it out.  Then I saw the make.  I wish I would have purchased a WK to begin with.		Just stay away from the InSinkErator brand.
1,Hard to grade this item as it did not work at all, right out of the box with two different sets of batteries.  Simply a bad unit.  In the end, the company sent a replacement unit, which works.  I've had many stud-finders over the years, the best I would rate as a 5.  This is a 10.  Well worth the money.
1,Made in Taiwan, and not a true flush cut. Very close to flush, but not quite. They are not sharp enough to cut through plastic cable ties easily. Handle grips also slippery, even though they have a rough texture. I got them primarily for cutting plastic cable ties (zip ties, ty-raps, etc). I'll stick to my Wiha 32607 5" flush cutters which work beautifully and are more ergonomic for me.
1,had someone break into this box while i slept in my room and i barely awoke in time to figure out what was going on. terrible purchase. loud buttons, cheap construction. don't get tihs
1,Very cheaply made. Sensor goes on all the time and won't adjust. Also sensor is very loose and the adjustment is as tight as it can be.	Went through two bulbs already
1,I'm really not sure why this is even called adjustable?? It only slides max 1/2" either way. I need something truly adjustable as I hung a long closet rod closer to to wall than standard to accommodate child-sized hangers.
1,poor connections
1,Didn't work; returned to Amazon.
1,I bought this First Alert CO2 detector about 5 years ago and guess what, the warranty just expired.  The unit is now showing errors and chirping even when it's unplugged and moved into fresh air. I can only assume it worked well while it worked since I haven't died from CO2 poisoning but First Alert sure knows exactly how long their devices will last since it died right at the end of the warranty period.  First Alert used to be a good company but I'm no longer impressed by them anymore. Yet one more made in china product that's cheap to make and makes you keep coming back for replacements.  I'm going with another vendor this time.
1,The manufacturing is poor and there is NO quality control
1,Cheap feel! Like it would break easily.
1,Worked great last summer. This spring? Terrible. Don't waste your money
1,Don,t know why they cant produce a finishing blade with 80-100 teeth at 8 1/4 inches. I used to buy them all the time. Probably because American businessmen don't want to make anything in America anymore. Greedy bastards want to make cheap for more profit.
1,Here is how the item is advertized: "Oil rubbed bronze finish delivers a rich, dark brown, old world finish with striking light and dark accents" and it is clearly advertized as "metal"  -  What a bunch of nonsense  - IT IS A BROWN, MONOCHROMATIC PIECE OF PLASTIC!!
1,It smells very strongly of rubber and chemicals. The odor is so strong I have to store it outside, and I wonder what chemicals are transferring to my skin when I touch it. The hooks are pretty meager, just wire with a thin coating. Shipping was absurdly slow - over 1 month!
1,Very poor instructions.  Terrible customer service.  Leaks from all sides....
1,Really weak
1,Had a similar silicone nightlight for two years in my sons room but had to get a new one bc the original didn't stay charged.  This lamp is super sensitive; if you touch even the table its placed on itll go straight into flashing rainbow colors mode.  The remote barely works at all and is largely unresponsive.  Disappointed.
1,I've had the kit for about 2 years now. I got it to install a dryer vent, and some ceiling lights. This set works wonderfully in drywall, and if that is all you were going to use it for it would be alright. Now for the problems, removing the the plug is a problem, there are no top holes to push the plug back out. The saws are can only cut about 7/8 inch deep, almost too shallow to be useful. Cutting into wood is a wild ride as the teeth do more ripping than cutting and the variation in wood fibers causes the saws to kickback and jump around.		In my usage the kit lasted for a total of only 10 holes and then the mounting plates and the center bit both bent and sheared off.		I'm giving it 2 stars because if it was only used in drywall it would still be in good shape and cutting well.
1,When fully torqued the base board would come off of wall. Full torque was needed to get the door near closed. Used on garage door.
1,I cook for my family most nights of the week, and I find myself constantly cutting up cucumbers, carrots, and the like (and experiencing an occasional minor cut despite being a pretty careful person). With that in mind, I was excited to try out this Knife Glider gadget. However, even though I went through the instructions, I still found myself a little confused as to how to properly utilize it. I Was able to assemble the pieces easily enough, although I found it a bit more difficult to take the pieces apart again.		Basically, I had trouble finding a comfortable way to hold both the glider and the knife, and while the teeth at the bottom of the glider are useful for keeping the food in place, it can also cause the food to squish or even be cut by it. As for using the knife guider, when i tried it, the knife did not stay straight, which caused uneven cutting. And I am not quite sure why one would ever really need to bother using the side "food sliders," unless you are working with particularly sticky food.  I really wanted to like this, as I appreciate the safety theory behind it. Ultimately, this just was not a good fit for me, as I never felt comfortable holding and using it. I think I am better off cutting my vegetables the old fashioned way.
1,Disappointed.....  The unit went together OK, but it was a little banged up (plastic end caps were broken).  All the parts were there and the assemlby was quite simple.  I got my miter saw mounted and went The plastice lock-down handle broke the first time I tried it.  The handles will rest on the bar, but this is NOT locking the miter saw down.  So, I now have a miter saw table, but that's about it.
1,I had never used a reciprocating saw and bought this one reconditioned from Big Sky Tools. I needed to cut off some nails in 2x4 supports that had rotted and needed to be replaced. It did the job.		There were two issues. One is that there is a little play up and down in the blade. I don't know if that is normal. The other was that the switch from "swing" to straight mode didn't require much effort to change. I found myself inadvertently in swing mode a couple of times when it just got bumped while handling the saw.		Update: The reason that it didn't require much effort to switch between modes was that I was failing to push it hard enough to go over the stop. Once I clicked it into place, it stayed there. The play in the blade is apparently normal. While I have nothing really to compare this to, it is doing the jobs I have asked of it		Second Update - This saw has stopped working less than three months after purchase. When it hits any resistance it just stops and whines. It did that a couple times during my initial project, but I thought it was normal. It just kept getting worse to the point it is now unusable.		Third Update - I took the saw under warranty to ACME Tools, they are a Hitachi warranty service department that is a couple hours away. That was June 9th. At the end of June they told me the saw was fixed but they wouldn't release it until they got paid by Hitachi. I finally got the saw back in mid-July. It wasn't fixed at all, the blade just stops on contact while the motor runs just fine. I have now sent the saw directly to Hitachi (with additional shipping costs). Its not clear that the Hitachi "factory warranty" really has much value. It is clear that ACME Tools is not the place to go for service.
1,bright, nice color of light, producing quite a warm color but not reliable.  I had this product for 3 months at which time it failed.  It appears to have been a power supply issue, as it would occasionally flicker and the bulb was good.  wires were intact.
1,I wish I had read some other 1-star reviews before I bought these, As others have noted, they have a  VERY strong chemical odor that transfers to your hands and will permeate through a room. I left them out for days and they still smell. I don't feel safe having them near kids or pets. I am simply amazed that the American Red Cross lends their name to a product with such a strong chemical odor, and that Amazon sells them. I bought 8 of them and all are going back.
1,Looks nice but doesn't pump very well.  It really doesn't like thick soap and you have to pump about 7 times to get a little bit out.  Also the internal stem is plastic like my previous Danco model that broke so I don't know how durable it will be.  It will be going in the trash as soon as I can find a better replacement.
1,Junk don't waste your money!!! I Was using an easy out and used the 10inch to turn the easy out, and my wrench cracked right in half. Now I am looking to buy a different set because now I know this set is not going to hold up.
1,Wish I could give a good review of this product since it is what I ordered but unfortunatly was not what I was sent. I was sent an 8 piece set, half were brass and the other half was chrome. I really needed some punches so I said screw it and tried to use them. In about 10 minutes I broke 4 out of the 8. I'll never buy hand tools over the internet ever again.
1,The production run that this purchase came from had very washed out colors compared to earlier purchase.
1,Tester is non functional.  Luckily I only needed the crimper. Do not purchase if you need a cable tester.
1,It sure isn't worth $9  Perhaps it would be a good deal at around $4 at the very most.  I just bought it and haven't worn or carried it around to check it's durability, stability and ability to hold flashlights.
1,When this tool arrived in the mail, it did not work at all. First and most minor was that the jaws were frozen together because of the heavily applied paint which held them shut. Not being able to open the handles of the tool, I had to actually chisel the paint away to free up the mechanism. That exposed the second issue, which was that a pivot bolt at the base of one of the jaws was so short, it did not support the jaw tang within the clevis connection of the handle. I had to clean out the threads in the clevis and then replace the short bolt with a longer one that I had on hand. Being able to properly articulate the jaws then exposed a third problem, which was the jaw closure adjustment bolt being so loose in its threads that it changed adjustment with every opening and closing of the tool. I found a low-profile nut of sufficient size and put it on as a jam nut to solve that issue. Beyond that, the cutter is still very tight to open and close, even with a dose of WD_40 followed by gun oil.		All said, I was finally able to test the tool by lopping some 3/16" soft iron wire, which is what I needed it for in the first place. It worked. I probably should have rated this item one star or returned it (or both). However, I gave it back an extra star because the cutter and I have been through a lot together, and now we share a great kinship.
1,Arrived broken.  One of the two pins that hold the two separable parts together was missing.  That was not the only issue!  The crimped on cover was not crimped on properly.  Amazon offered a refund.  Took it.  Find another one.  This one is not worth it.
1,Does not fit in my cabinet
1,Most conversion units you buy locally have a conversion kit to fit both drain sizes. This one does not. It looks to be a decent product but will not fit my drain.
1,Either I am not lucky and get a defective one or it's bad, but it doesn't work at all for me.  A cheaper one on Amazon at least open a screw, this can't open a similar one.  Normally, I would try a replacement but I not in a mood if trying out.  Just want something that works.
1,Great idea but I wasn't able to get it to work.		As many other reviewers have indicated, even after following all the set up instructions, I was never able to get this product to function properly.		Hopefully, in time, the software and hardware will one day learn to work together.		Until then, this item has a lot of promise with no delivery whatsoever.
1,I ordered this knife because I lost my prior EDC (Gerber paraframe 2) and needed a replacement. This knife had all the right things. Fine edge, good locking mechanism and a clip point, plus it is a kershaw which I've always viewed as a quality product. The first thing I noticed is how much more this weighed than I was used to, I actually viewed this as a good thing. The second thing I noticed was how sharp it was, this is one of my favorite things about kershaws. Then, as I carried the knife daily I noticed the bad. If I am not moving around a lot, it is no big deal, but I had this knife open in my pocket several times. Once it got my arm when I was digging a hole, left blood all down my arm and stained my shirt. Once it completely opened and stabbed me in the stomach when I bent over, luckily I stopped bending before it got serious. Then it got my hand once when I reached into my pocket. I also found that the metal is very poor quality. I used the backside of the tip to crack a flat head screw loose and it broke the tip off, this is something I do with my paraframe all the time. All in all, not a good experience. I have a new paraframe on the way. Have not decided if I will pay kershaw the $10 to fix this one.
1,I was never able to get the flashlight to turn on.  Yes, probably should be giving it a 1 star but the flashlight did look very durable and well made.  Think I just got a dud.
1,Well, it works with my Craftsman garage door opener manufactured in October 1992 (green learning button) and installation was very simple. Programming this remote and the additional remote I purchased was very straightforward and easy. I bought this because while our new-to-us house had a garage door opener installed, there were no remotes.		While the setup was easy, the base unit isn't sensitive enough nor is the remote powerful enough to reach to the end of my 40-foot driveway, even with the garage door open. If the (aluminum) garage door is closed, I have had instances where I had to stand directly next to the garage door. I also bought a Skylink MW-318-1 1-button remote and had similar results - easy to program but the same pathetic range. I'm tempted to experiment with using extra wire to relocate the base/button near the front of the garage but I don't think it's worth the hassle. What's that going to get me, an additional 15 feet?		To add injury to insult, while testing the (pathetic) range of the base/remotes, I wore out a drive gear on the garage door opener itself and now I'm stuck either replacing that part or the entire unit. Frankly, I'm disgusted with the entire experience and starting to wish I had just sprung for a whole new opener.
1,Not really happy with these. They're too short to get any torque.
1,Purchased this for light soldering work. Unit broke after a month. Many, many problems:		* Unstable with the magnifying glass attached, so had to remove that (design flaw in all of these things).	* Alligator clips were shoddily crimped on, quickly falling off (used tape to fix).	* Ball and socket joints were uneven. This made positioning a challenge: it was alternately too difficult (substantial force for any movement) then too easy (arm would slide around).	* Bits would fall off as the socket became too loose to hold them, requiring me to re-seat them.	* Re-seating was difficult, as unless you get it exactly centered, tightening the wingnut will push the ball out of the joint.	* Wingnut and adjustment screw for base eventually stripped, rendering the whole thing useless.		Sadly, all the other units on Amazon look just as cheaply made (bets on them all coming from the same manufacturer?), so I'll have to look elsewhere for a replacement.
1,I have several other brands of this tool and comparatively speaking I am very disappointed with this Bosch tool. Cutting performance is poor. Tool vibration is extreme to the point of pain in the hands trying to control cutting speed and direction.  Cutter oscillation speed is adjustable but I have found no relevance to speed adjustment and tool comfort nor cutting ability. I can purchase 3 harbor freight tools for the price of this tool and their cutting and handling performance is far superior. Don't wast your money on this unit.
1,the liquid was very cloudy when we received it. I plugged it in and let it go for a few days hoping it would clear up but it never did. Had to return it.
1,Not the "miracle" its made out to be. Thats all I have to say.
1,OK, I bought these because I like tools and gadgets, of which this seems to be both.  However ...., of the 2 pocket tools delivered, neither of them hold the screw bits in straight.  The bits in both tools are canted at an angle when seated (read "not straight" like a screw driver needs to be).  That angle with make them hard to use on the small screws they are designed for.  Additionally, there is a place for a small rubber washer on the middle of each bit.  One of my washers was torn / useless right out of the box.
1,After flushing it for about five minutes, I used a TDS water tester.  It registered anywhere from 600 ppm to 645 ppm, which is no change at all (toxic level).  I verified the TDS tester was working by checking water from my reverse osmosis filter.  It registered at 20 ppm.		I guess Aquasana is hoping no one actually tests the veracity of this product.  I give it two thumbs down.
1,It started chipping with in two months time span. I contacted the company for either a refund or a replacement and no one has called or written me back!!! NOT a happy girl right now.		https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00X0LL82U/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_0
1,Totally stopped working for no reason. I live in LA and the weather has been relatively perfect. The lights are still on and the battery works, it no longer beeps or unlocks. So annoying. Don't waste your money on this crap.
1,Didnt work
1,Overall I am a bit disappointed. I knew not to expect good, or even better / best, quality. However this comes in as poor. As in "I am worried this will break during use, and damage my phone in the process" poor. I don't hate it, but I definitely wouldn't buy it again, or recommend it.
1,People who gave this more than 0 stars must have gotten a different product. My screwdriver lasted exactly 2 seconds - stripped on the first screw without budging it. Tried what was left of it on 2 more screws, which the screwdriver promptly ruined.		It can't really be called a "screwdriver" by my standards as it has yet to actually DRIVE a screw.		It could definitely be called a "screw head stripper" or "piece of crap".		Move on, don't buy this one. I got ripped off, you shouldn't, now.
1,I don't think anyone at Bucket Boss has ever actually USED this product, or talked to anyone who did.		The suspender straps slip under the weight of the tools, so the pouches and belt pull your pants down. The suspenders only attach to rings on the pouches, so you can't position them where you want them on the belt. The belt is flimsy, so it can't support the weight of the pouches or the hammer loop. The hammer loop can only be positioned in the MIDDLE of the back where it can slap against BOTH legs as you walk. There are very few places you can put a screwdriver, a pair of wire strippers, pliers, etc., where they will stay and can easily be returned to the same point for future use.		 I am BIG with a 44 inch waist, If I hook the front suspenders to one side of each pouch and the backs to the other side, the suspenders end up running horizontally across my back and pulling the pouch around to my side too far. And because the suspenders slip, the whole assembly is soon around my knees.		The suspenders are padded and comfortable, making the weight easy to carry, but because they can't maintain proper length, I have to keep adjusting them--not easy with the backs.		If I knew then, what I know now, I would have picked some other tool belt than this one.
1,Beware of products being mismatched and missing parts. Had to make 5 orders to get 3 full light systems.  Missing lamp holder rings and base screws. Also one whole lamp was manufactured differently then the others. Called LNC to get parts well see what happens.
1,Amazon recommends to buy these when purchasing a fluke 115, but oh joy, they don't fit.
1,I ordered this product on 1/5/09 and have a current estimate of 1/23/09 for delivery. Eighteen Days to get any Amazon fronted product is simply not acceptable. Not only that, but the provided tracking number for this USPS shipment does not return any useful tracking information. Not a very satisfying buying experience so far....It's a good thing that I wasn't in a hurry.
1,Cheap quality box - come on man! Really? "Wooden Presentation Box" insults me as a woodworker.		Ok, they seem sharp and of good quality; however, I hate when you buy a woodworking tool and it comes in what's supposed to be an upgrade wood storage box and it's cheap cheap cheap quality. It's an insult to a woodworker to give me something like this with zero effort on craftsmanship. This arrived with a broken latch AND inside the "Wooden Presentation Box" are broken slats - VERY cheap wood too. Come on man! I'll have to try them out see how they work. Regardless, they are being returned out of sheer principle of being a cheap quality add on "Wooden Presentation Box".
1,We bought two of these (thought we were getting four, BTW) before a trip to Europe. They worked just fine in France, but did not work in Austria at all. We had one older adapter that worked just fine and the hotel provided us with a couple more we needed. The picture is not what you get. First, you only get one, so if you thought you were getting two like the pictures shows, you'll be surprised. And, the ones we purchased are a bit wider, with some protuberances on each side that prevent them from going into German style CEE 7/4 (Type F) outlets. They work fine in CEE 7/5 (Type E) in France, but probably nowhere else. I have no idea why they put that extra plastic on the edges other than to make you buy another adapter.
1,Quite soft, Bent and dented with one use. If you need a punch to pop more than one pin out, do not get these.
1,NOT 16.4 feet, I got maybe 5 feet out of it!
1,trash, broke within two month
1,Unpacked it and sensor on top of unit was already loose, I reattached it with a H2O resistant glue. The light came-on all right but never tuned itself off until the battery was empty. Get what you pay for, a piece of junk in this case.
1,One star because it is without instruction and the backside electronics are open and 3 wires stick out, black red and yellow, like i have never seen a tester with more than 2 wires so how does one connect it? See picture.
1,When I opened the box I found the tool was missing the fitting on its end that holds the selected bit during use. Since I really hate the hassle of returning stuff, I fixed the defect by filling the tool end with epoxy and drilling a hole of a proper size to snuggly fit the bits. This works well enough for the tool's intended use.
1,Spilled iodine on a pair of these and they rusted shut in less than 24 hours.  Went right into the trash can.		Scissors half the price don't rust like this "titanium" product.		Run away!
1,I recently replaced all the bulbs in my house with LED bulbs so I am now 100% LED in my home. I used various brands. Dollar Tree, Phillips, TCP, TIWIN, GE and Hyperikon bulbs.		I bought 2 bulbs from this brand because they were 100W equivalent and came in a one pack. Other bulbs came in a 8+ pack and I only needed one bulb at the time. I ended up buying a another bulb later.		Anyway stay FAR, FAR away from these bulbs. Both bulbs failed within a couple months. One of them lit on fire as you can see in the picture. Could have easily started a large scale electrical fire. These bulbs get extremely hot compared to all other LED bulbs I own and must not have a safety feature to prevent fires.		These bulbs cannot be used in an enclosed fixture, even partially enclosed. The one for this bulb has a hole in it about the size of a quarter.  They simply get so hot they will burst into flames so they need really good airflow. My other bulb failed within the first week in a completely open fixture, however, so I can only conclude these are the worst bulbs available.
1,The button wouldn't work when it got cold! It's says it's good to -30! Not even close!
1,It does indeed have cast threads that barely work; I have to rap the chuck while tightening to get it to hold a bit firmly and later need channel locks to loosen it. The palm grip spins on the shaft without even touching the bearings at its end. Not worth sending back and I got two good used ones with bits on an auction site for much less than the $100 or more for a quality european made brace.
1,I like the look and the way that this lamp operates. The problem is that it is not well built. The covers are flimsy and loose. I am always afraid it will come apart in my hand when I lift or lower the arm to turn it on and off.	If they would make it sturdier it would be able to take the day to day bumps of regular use. Perhaps I just received a bad one but looking at how it is put together, I doubt that.	A second complaint is that the cover doesn't come down far enough. So the light comes out of the sides of the arm, so that if I don't want reflections on my computer monitor or TB screen I have to lift the arm above 80 degrees and point the lamp away from those items. So it ends up being an overgrown nightlight instead of a lamp. I have even though about taping a couple of pieces of cardboard along the edges of the lamp to block that light from shining out to the sides so much but that would really make it look ugly and like something I took out of the garbage.		Example (ignore periods, they are for spacing since review page removes spaces):	Normal lamp-	..__________________	..|===============|	..||	..||	..||	..||	..||	..||	====		As it should be-	..__________________	..|===============|	..|===============|	..||	..||	..||	..||	..||	====		The second row of ==== indicates a longer flange on each side so that light would direct more downward and lass to the side.	Looking from the end with the lamp pointing at you it would look like this (ignoring the pillar of the lamp):		Normal:	|=============|	|...(========)...|		The (=======) represents the end view of the bulb itself.		As it should be:	|=============|	|...(========)...|	|______________|	_	The longer flange would cause the florescent light to be directed down much more than presently. Extending it about an inch more than present should fix the problem. As it is now built, the fluorescent light actually extends below the current edges of the lamp structure, which makes the problem even worse than it should be even if the flange were not lowered but the light held up with a clip because the weight of the bulb makes it sag at the far end. This is because the bulb is about 6-8 inches long with no support for the far end of it.	So if they fix those two problems this could be a sleek and useful lamp.		But if you don't mind light shining in your eyes and on screens around your room then it would be OK for you so long as it doesn't come apart in your hands.
1,This light sup the room nicely however it seems to flicker every 30-45 seconds. I thought it may be due to the sound setting however it has never been switched on and it remains on the light setting. I will no longer be using this light in my baby's room.
1,DEAD after 1 week
1,This is cheap thin plastic. Of course I know that this is not made to really put some torque on a screw but I guess I expected some kind of metal. A cheap ball point pen is sturdier then this.
1,I really loved this tool the first several times we used it.  We cut #5 bars but mostly #4 bars.  After a dozen uses the jaws both sheared.  This appears to be a flaw in the design of the tool.  The bottom jaw does not transfer cutting force through the tool on the edge of the jaw.  However if you cut only at the back of the jaws it will likely work better.  I've had mine for a few months, we do concrete work and it comes in handy.  I'm not comfortable with using it now that it broke.		Update:  You'll need this:  SDT-CPC-22A-BLADE		Update 2:  Been using this off and on for 6 months.  Today the seals went out and oil started squirting out of the tool.  Kinda a handy tool but more maintenance than it is worth.
1,This meter is inexpensive and nicely constructed, attractive etc, but but the Ohms function gives totally flakey readings and never settles on a readable number. I just use it for checking voltage on alkaline batteries. In comparison, the red Harbor Freight cheapies give a rock steady Ohms reading every time.
1,DO NOT BUY THEY ARE MADE OF EXTREMELY BRITTLE METAL ALLOY. IT BROKE THE SECOND I USED IT ON A COTTER PIN. RETURNED IT WITH NO PROBLEM BUT STILL HAD TO GO THROUGH THE TROUBLE
1,I should of sent this back instead of trying to make it work. My wood furnace and gas furnace share same ductwork thought this would help with the backdraft when using one not the other and boy was I wrong! Mounted horizontal the "fins" just collapse on each other, mounted vertically it opens up fine but when closing fins go beyond and stick collapsed together backwards.  Three hours of modifying with homemade brackets and springs it now works. Choose wisely for the simple things aren't to be taken for granted.
1,Never worked right from the start. Would not start in weather below 50. Had to leave in sun or in my house. Used this for filing all my family's car tires, boat inner tuber and occasionally using a brad nailer. It sat for weeks at a time between use. Now it's locked up and won't fill tanks, just hums and pops breaker. Only 2years old.
1,So roughly 3 months later the seals don't stay sealed. Water leaked into the unit. Batteries rusted. And only half the lights work. It rained twice since i had this unit. The last one was really windy and bad. Unit was installed under the outdoor overhand which is about 2 feet out which rain got to it on the last one due to high winds.		Given under my circumstances i don't ever see how long this thing will last in rainy areas let alone snow areas once the snow melts. Or maybe i got a unit with a bad seal. Who knows but you take the risk
1,does not stick to my painted wall. Other products from Duck frost king and 3M stick ok. I guess you need a really smooth surface
1,These work really well. Easy to put up and very bright. I put two of them over the entry to my gate. The sensor is sensitive and also works well. So far so good.	UPDATE* I have had these for less than 2 weeks and one of them has stopped working. Very disappointing. Will be returning and will not buy the same brand again.
1,Well ... I have to enter at least 20 words to qualify this review so ... read the title and be glad you did not order one (or three, as I did) ...  I got only one, out of the three, that worked ... lame.  The one that works ... uh ... works ... There is a great alternative ... just enter flashlight in the AMAZON search-box and sort by least expensive ... There is a photon-clone keychain light and they come in quantities of 10 or 12, for, like $5 plus significant shipping but ... at least 8 of the ten will work very well and any duds will prolly work if you put a new button-cell in them. ... I have one on my keychain ... another on a necklace ... Affixwd to my backpacks and camp-knives (search RANGER BANDS) ... I give them away like candy and I am on my second batch ... Nothing not to love and under a dollar each, even counting duds.		There are some decent "4-bulb" micro cap-lights, too ... good value and I keep one on the back-strap of my cap.
1,purchased two and had to return them, both had scratches and dents.	all the sets at two different stores had scratches.		it has great features like bump-guard and ansi-1, but crappy quality finishes.	i really wanted to use these locks.
1,Was hoping to use this in my bathroom so I would not need to go to the kitchen to get filtered water.  Somehow it managed to flood under the sink.  Did not notice it for several days.  Not happy with this filter.
1,Bought a couple for our basement and thought they looked ok.  Bought more of the exact same model number a few months later, and when we installed them realized that the color was slightly different vs the first two that were installed.  Also, we had these controlled with a lutron maestro led dimmer... and noticed a buzzing/humming sound coming from these lights.  Returned all of these and bought the G7 lights instead, all the G7 lights were all the exact same color, cheaper, and didn't buzz at all when dimmed.
1,I bought these lights and thought they would be beautiful in my window. Well I've tried them everywhere and they only light up at the top of each bulb. I wanted to like them- but they never fully light up. We put them in the sunlight, etc and nothing. I didn't try them out right away because I bought the flower ones too and they look a bit better ( but smelled so bad , the only way I can describe it is it's like an oil smell and extremely strong. They light up and look nice. So I wouldn't buy these again. To be fair I didn't try to get a hold of the seller because I didn't try use them until Christmas. The flowers I used and then I was going to use the drops. Too late for a refund. The ones on here that do work on here look very pretty though.
1,<div id="video-block-RRN28K47F01XW" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1Pd0Wu4iYS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91rFJ9DipQS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;I bought these based on the high ratings but am shocked that no one mentions the "flicker" these bulbs have. I put one into a halogen fixture over the sink and it immediately started to flicker and buzz. Thinking I had a bum bulb I swapped it with the other one in the package... same problem. The flicker may seem subtle on the video... but when it's the only light source late at night it feels like there's a rave going on in the kitchen.		I would think twice before ordering these.
1,I have gone through 4 already since February, these don't last, I was better off with the old incandescent bulbs.
1,did not work properly from day one, had hard time keeping range, it would sense voltage with probes not even connected to anything
1,Horrible product.  It's too big to fit in the sink top holes.  Worthless... do not buy.
1,Do not look nice and finished like the picture. These are raw stainless steel with the sanding marks showing quite visibly.
1,So I bought this Intermatic Low Voltage transformer thinking it would light my landscape lighting efficiently and artistically. Instead what I experienced was a loud humming sound that could be heard 10 feet away from my main entrance. I never had this experience before with other Intermatic products and I've read some reviews that the sandy color of this may be the cause? What's up with that? It literally sounded like I lived next to an electric company transformer or a high tension wire structure in my front yard. Worst part of it was I could also hear this humming inside my brick home! So instead, I bought a standard flat black version and it's quiet as a mouse as I enjoy my front yard landscaping lights being nicely lit. I'm returning this item back for a refund with no exchanges in mind. Bad experience with a well-known brand, will try their other products in the future. I would not recommend this unless you are either deaf or can place this transformer far and away from any window or even near your house.
1,A nice idea and a good price via Amazon. BUT - flaws in the plastic on both units ordered suggested either poor manufacture or items were seconds. A pity
1,You know something, I could use something like this, I really could, if it actually got here.  It never came, and I ordered it separate for the other to items.
1,I needed a new tape measure after mine of 35 years got a kink in it.  This one came with rave reviews so I can only assume I got the bad apple of the bunch.  It arrived, I opened the new packaging and slide the tape out a couple of feet, it wouldn't retract.  So I thought maybe the spring was loose and I pulled out a few more feet, when I let go, the tape shot OUT, not in as retracting but out as in extending.  After stopping it, I tried to manually slide it back in.  It won't go back in. I think the spring was reversed in it.  I feel like I am in a sit com episode with the gag being a malfunctioning tape measure.  The scene would have been perfect for Everybody Loves Raymond or Home Improvement.  Not much fun in real life though.  I was leery of buying Chinese stuff, but thought the reviews could indicate that this was a higher quality tool.  I got burned!  So it will be returned and I will be going with more trusted brands.
1,To small, too difficult to program/never worked.  Returned for refund without issue.
1,It can only fit very small children fingers and its cheaply made. I have no idea why i even bought this.....
1,Completely useless. Circumference scale is way wrong. Should be taken off the market and not allowed to be sold as advertised.
1,My electric bill doubled after using this heater in my house for the first month after purchasing it.  I only used the heater a few hours per day. The worst part of it is that the return window for this product closed 3 days before I received the electric bill. So I don't even have an opportunity to get my money back.  If you are thinking of buying one of thse heaters, I advise you, forget about it and don't do it. Go to Walmart and buy you a cheap electric radiator heater, because this fancy heater will not save you any energy as the manufactuer claims on their Amazon advertisement. The reviews are bogus, or the reviewers are not monitoring their monthly electric bills to see the difference in energy use. I would like to return it and get my money back.
1,I haven't been able to disconnect my older Vera controller yet, because this one won't recognize the devices I've had on the old one for the last year. Suddenly, motion detectors have errors, and this controller doesn't want to even try to configure a ZFM-80 switch. I'm hesitant to put any new devices on my system, because having two controllers to work the existing items is making the entire system wonky enough. Tech support is slow at best.
1,Great replacement batter for the money. don't know how long it will last, but out of the box works perfectly,runs the drill for a long time,  fits perfectly and at half the cost of the oem stuff.		died after 3 mos...out of warranty...junk!!
1,The ones I received were junk. The two prongs that connect it to the back of pegboard were too short. This caused them to fall out of the pegboard the moment you put any weight on them. They did not work for me on my metal pegboard or wood pegboard. 0 out of 10 would not recommend. They are not for 1/4 inch pegboards as stated.
1,Disclosure, I am light sensitive and greatly prefer soft, perimeter lighting to bright central lighting. These lights produce possibly the most harsh light I've ever seen. I installed these bulbs in various places throughout my house, trying to figure out a satisfactory use for them, but no matter where I put them I couldn't stomach the brutal fluorescent whiteness. I finally put them in my exterior light fixtures, hoping that I could at least take advantage of their energy saving potential without having to live under their unnatural glow. In all seriousness, these put out an even harsher light than a standard uncovered bank of fluorescent tubes. If I hadn't purchased some very good soft yellow LED bulbs at the same time I bought these, I probably would have been soured to LED lighting forever.
1,Looks much cheaper in person.  It's cute, and considering the price, I shouldn't have been surprised, but it just didn't work for us.
1,shoddy welding job on them. so far they have not broke so they get a bonus star for that.		the main shaft to the coupler joints are welded crooked (both ends) on all of them. the auger in use looks like a hula dancer in action.
1,Bought these to put on the top of the cabinet and the remote only works from a foot away.  Guess they will have to go back.
1,This maglite is very difficult to use. The instructions included were useless. I found a video on YouTube that demonstrates its operation; which was very helpful but its a pretty dumb switching control for this basic flashlight. It would be very difficult to use in a high stress situation. Don't buy it.
1,If You get a good one,  you'll probably be happy..but the plastic pump part is not a standard separate part......so when it tanks, you gotta dump the entire unit !!  The plastic soap bottle is a small one ,  and on mine the thread's were stripped or defective......I used teflon tape for a temp fix..........the pump on mine does not hold pressure.....gotta pump it 4 times to get a squirt of soap.....YRMV, then after 2 weeks of use the spout came loose , then broke.... just don't buy this , it's junk !!
1,Very disappointed at how tiny this is, as the photo is quite misleading!  It will fit wallet sized photos ... I wished I'd read other reviews before purchasing.
1,It seems duplicitous to label this as a wet/dry vac when all the box contains is a dry vac. You can go shell out some extra cash for the filter that allows this to be a wet vac too, and it's not horrifically expensive, but either way it's a bit of a bait-and-switch. Since i haven't done that, i can't speak to how well it would work as a wet vac, but i can say i'd dread trying to empty it afterward since there's no way to do it other than knocking the whole thing over or hefting it up to tip it.		For dry vacuuming, it's ok. It works great on light, loose things like sawdust, which is great because what i mostly needed this shop vac for was cleaning up under the mitre and table saws. If you're going to ask more of it than that, or really need a vacuum that can do wet suction right out of the box, keep looking.
1,cheap masks not heavy duty like light duty for sure cheap rubber bands good 1 use throw away , next time pay more better quality masks	these seam to not be sealed around face just gimmick mask stuck with a box of them not worth using
1,returned because too small
1,Good.
1,I'm sure I'll get some "not helpful" clicks for complaining about an item breaking in 5 years but let me explain.  I realize 5-7 years is a while, but believe me, time flies by and you'll be digging into your electrical box to replace these.  I had 4 of these in 4 different bathrooms and every single one needed replacing in that 5-7 year window.  Not all were purchased at the same time either, so it isn't like  I received a bad lot.  The spring wears out and it won't turn off.  I'd find bath fan has been running for hours (or days) without my knowledge.  Now I'm also replacing a few worn out bathroom fan motors too.  Thanks Intermatic.  Not in the next house.		What is interesting is I had both this 60 minute version right next to a 15 minute version.  The 15 minute version runs an electric heater in the bath, the 60 minute is the exhaust fan.  The 15 minute versions all still work fine with its different spring mechanism so it spins faster.  It is only the 60 minute version that died on me.		For anyone interested in what I used for a replacement:  Woods 59008 Decora Style 60-30-20-10 Minute Preset Wall Switch Timer, White, 60-Minute.
1,Fog so bad I cant wear them alot of the time.
1,Tried this one time but it did not reduce odors from cooking. Don't know if it would help with other kinds of odors. Filter actions seems ok, but product claims odor reduction as well.
1,Smaller and less quality then what I expected but I will find a use for it
1,These clamps don't grab onto anything! They slip right off!
1,Horrible packaging from manufacturer. Amazon will only do refund, no exchanges. Gooseneck hinge breaks easy where it attaches at the end of the light array.
1,This worked wonderfully - like any air hose but its leaking air 3 months later (has a small crack by one of the ends).  Pay a little more and get something better.  This is pure garbage and much more expensive if you have to keep replacing these.
1,Can't get past the setup process. Tried 2 iHome plugs, 3 phones, rebooted all plus router, and hard reset plugs. Keep getting WiFi timeouts and a plethora of other errors. I'm told I have to wait for second tier support to get back to me in 24 hours. Hey iHome, make second tier your first tier! I notice most of the problems are on the best selling phone system, Android. IPhone users seem pretty happy with their version of iHome.
1,Didn't even last a month! I am going to have to get another one already!
1,I genuinely appreciate Makita tools. This vacuum seemed to be a great little item to have around the house. However, it is short. I am 6' tall and found myself trying to clean like a hunchback. It also didn't do a great job on the suction either. So, it was uncomfortable to use and not very good at doing what it was designed to do. And, since it took longer to get the job done...the shortness of the item made it even more annoying.
1,Rated at 25,000 hours, filaments started strobing at various flash rates after 630 calendar days, estimated 6,000 hours energized and in use, of that 6000, about 5000 dimmed.  Purchased & installed April 2016, controlled by a Lutron MACL-153M-RHW-WH LED-compatible dimmer.  Failed 30 Dec 2017.  On a circuit with 2 other LED and one 15W incandescent bulb.  Tested in lamp socket without dimmer, after failure, with same strobing.  Not cost effective in practice.  This review was written on 1 Jan 2018.  I am not being compensated, and have not been asked or told by anyone, to post this review.
1,did not fit
1,It first I thought it just wasn't as flexible as it should be, but oh well on that one. Now, after a short time, I see it is starting to rust. Some "stainless steel"! You know it's garbage when it rusts.
1,Did not work from day one. Finally gave up and put it back in the box and put it in the closet.
1,1 star due to the chuck.  The chuck is extremely annoying.  Every time I secure a bit into the chuck it comes loose after one use.  I have to retighten it almost after every use.  If you swap bits a lot this is a deal breaker.  I don't know why they don't lock the chuck when the trigger is pressed.  I have had small drill bits shoot out multiple times which is a huge safety hazard.		I have to note I also bought the newer model of this drill from Home Depot.  That drill is about 10 times louder than this one.  So loud that I returned it.  I typically love Dewalt tools, that's about 80% of my tools, but they have issues with these XR drills.
1,Even thou the tub description had this item listed as one bought with the  tub , the tub would not work with a top mounted drain. It cost me a few bucks to bring back the tub installer. Not real happy.
