0,Our 9-month old loves this toy. He plays with it quite a bit. He particularly likes the flip-up computer screen. Parents should beware that it can pinch tiny fingers when closing.
0,My 3 year old kid loves it, she is so happy and she is eating, sleeping every thing in the tent.	Tent is nice and spacious for a 3-4 year old kid, the only bad thing is the manual is unreadable	and we can't assemble the tent completely.
0,Ordered for my nieces!  They are adorable.  They use them in their doll house.  They are bendable and they stand by themselves. So cute and a great price!
0,I love sam!!! This figure is so cute! It's just as the picture depicted. I'm in love with this!
0,You can't go wrong with Melissa & Doug.  Always well-made and fun.  Their customer service department is outstanding and ready to answer questions or replace missing pieces.
0,my students totally enjoyed these at the end of the year - so easy to fill
0,The real rubber chicken!  Bought this for a white elephant gift and it was a huge hit!
0,awesome angry bird.
0,My 4 yr old loves her big box of crayons and uses them all the time. Nothing beats a brand new box of crayons.
0,These balloons are great.  Not easily popped, many different colors!
0,WE USED THESE TO DECORATE FOR A DINOSAUR BIRTHDAY PARTY. WE ARE STILL USING THEM AND MY GRANDSON LOVES THEM.
0,great gift
0,My daughters have had these for months and still play with them...best part is no mold!
0,This baby play mat is great my 4 month old loves it but the only problem is that it mine did not come with screws and the groves on the corners come apart without them. I would have given it a 5 star review if it wasn't for the missing screws.
0,This game quickly became a family, and friends, favorite. Easy to follow, learn, and very fun to play. For kids and adults of all ages. Buy it now!
0,kids loved it
0,g8 card
0,I have a child care center and I buy these every year for the babies at Easter.  They love them and they are the perfect size.  The eyes are embroidered so no button eyes to break off and swallow.  They are a quality stuffed toy that the parents love as well.  I have 3 and 4 year olds who still carry their bunnies to school with them and 4 and 5 year olds who still sleep with their bunnies.  They are perfect for a new baby or any aged child.  The size and weight of the toy is perfect. I love the entire Jellycat line of stuffed animals, they are perfect.
0,like them very nice lived up to my expectations	would get them again.  Certainly worth far more than the price I paid even the shipping
0,The Stuffie collection offers  huggable and educational fun. Great for keeping small favorites in an easy convenient place. They are well made and extremely 'child friendly.' Each one offers a story of it's own. Dash is shades of tan and brown with accurate details. A comfy pillow for sleeptime and a companion  for playtime! This completes our Stuffy family . . . ordering with Amazon prime means two day delivery instead of a week + from the Stuffie web site.
0,I like this toy; my kids LOVE it. We have four (sent as a blog review item). One required repair after aggressive play, but I don't see any issues provided your child doesn't use it as a soccer ball. Cute little stuffed toy that is incredibly soft.
0,Fun and adorable dancer.
0,This game is fantastic for a wide range of audiences. It works by simple visual matching, so even the youngest players can understand the idea. However, there can be more complexity as older players will be able to plan, strategize, and block other players. It is marked 6+ years because it might be a little difficult for the very youngest to sit through a whole game, and they probably don't have the planning skills yet. It is engaging and fun for the kids and the adults. Would definitely get this again.
0,Great product for the money
0,Love it. Thanks.
0,Aquaman is a MUST buy and the reason is simple - he is the ONLY character in the game who can use the ATLANTIS skill and you must have this ability in order to get certain gold bricks in the game and complete some of the levels.		Yes he gives you other skills (FAST swimming, hazard cleanup, etc) and he has a cool vehicle that is useful for some of the underwater races, however you're not buying him for that - you're buying him for the Atlantis ability and what's nice is that you will find yourself pleasantly surprised that the Atlantis ability is actually pretty cool.
0,I'm not so sure about this doll... it starts to talk when no one is around.... little creepy!
0,We own this "maze" as well as the alphabet version at the library where I work. We have had both boards out for public use constantly for about a year now and everything - the plastic covering, the rope, and the magnetic pen - is still in excellent condition. I am most surprised that the rope holding the magnetic pen is still attached, considering toddlers will frequently drag the whole thing around by the pen. Lakeshore is great!
0,Very pretty. Pleased with purchase.
0,Great fun for kids of all ages.
0,I think this is totally adorable and fun! The drill even vibrates when you pull the 'cord' at the bottom! For sure a must have for baby boys to play with!
0,This easel paper is nearly impossible to find in stores.  Thank you for making it available on line
0,My 5 year old daughter was over the moon with this set!  Anna is beautiful, and has completely removable clothes.  Kristoff is great... Shirt, belt, and shoes are removable.  Pants are painted on.  My daughter doesn't mind at all.  He is quite a large character, so my boys love him, too... Use him as a superhero or bad guy.  :-)
0,Very good
0,Cute!
0,Nice
0,Great set, I love the new Darth Vader helmet
0,My daughter wanted a tea set out of the blue.  Her old plastic Disney set got caught in a flood in our basement and I didn't want to try to clean it so I tossed it away.  She hasn't mentioned the tea set in a few years and all of a sudden she's all about tea with the stuffed animals.  She picked it out and even though it's a bit small for a girl her age (she's 9) she still loves it.  I like that it's durable and the pattern is very cute.
0,My 2 yr and 4 yr grand babies LOVED these balloons and after the party they were brought inside until they deflated.  The complete body Elmo was large very nice.	Jeni Wren
0,The LEGO City Police ATV 60006 is $ 6.99 in the LEGO January 2013 Catalog and $6.97 at WalMart (where I got it). I don't know why Amazon and other sellers are selling it for more than even LEGO says iteis worth.	To talk about the product itself. My 6 year old son built this little set all by himself with no help. He loves it, even though I know shortly it will be deconstructed so its pieces can be used to make something else.	 Update: I see the price has finally lowered.
0,My son loved this! It wasn't the easiest to put together but once its together, it seems really sturdy.  The clamp on the back is awesome and a great space saver.  Probably one of his favorite toys from Christmas!
0,It is nice and tall for my toddler to walk in and out. It kind of sucked to put together, but it had to be for it to stay sturdy and tall. The big kids would destroy this tent in seconds.
0,Purchased for someone with absolutely no experience flying...he was flying pretty well the first day. Highly recommend buying more propellers with your initial purchase as they do come off when you crash and are hard to find. I did purchase additional batteries with purchase and I am glad I did -you will need them. The camera is a lot clearer than I expected and is what makes the difference between this and a remote control helicopter. It is easy to hover and turn and is a really fun toy. The lighted colors when it is flying are a bonus. It would be hard to see without the lights, Drive your dogs and cats absolutely nuts!
0,This is the MOST adorable stuffed animal. Well made, super soft and cuddly. Bought for my baby but my 2 older kids would like him for themselves. So glad I found him!
0,Son loves this game.  Came as described and works fine.
0,These are awesome for travel and puzzle lovers. They offer lots of possibilities and can be done over and over again, because they aren't obvious in how they go together. I purchased for a 13 year old on the Autism spectrum, but they would be great for 4th and up. Quiet and focused activity. Grat buy
0,Love these nesting and stacking bowls! My baby who is 6 months loves grabbing at them and knocking them over when I set them up. I have to supervise my baby when he plays with them because he is still very young and just learning to sit up but he enjoys putting them into his mouth and slamming them into each other. The finish seems more like a stain and less like an epoxy finish. It's rougher than his other wooden toys such as haba but the texture isn't unpleasant. I would saw that it is more raw but variation is good for a baby.
0,It is a very sharp looking costume for the price.  The mask isn't the best, but it isn't bad.
0,It's not the original but I am certain we will have fun with it.
0,A 6 yr old and a 8 year old boy loved this toy. Played with for hours along with the dump truck and the put together excavator. Durable, simple toys, but fun for boys and even a 2 .5 year old girl.  A lot of banging for the buck. They were a little noisy.
0,All around great experience!
0,My 3 year old loves these
0,great toy to collect, to have for fun, hard to find, Cheap and fast delivery.
0,My daughter loves it
0,Some stamps are dried out unfortunately. We won't be able to use them for my daughters birthday party since we won't get them in time.
0,It came in good condition...
0,Very fun toy for my 3yo and 1yo children and still working in every birthday party for my nephews and nieces
0,Our balloon was perfect and we had no problems blowing it up at all.  I would love it if it came in a larger size!
0,Cheap and plastic but perfect for Halloween costume.  Thanks
0,These are FANTASTIC! My daughter is an avid dinosaur lover and she needed some cool landscape foliage to build a prehistoric world. The Easter Bunny brought these and she loves them. They're such great quality, the kind I've come to expect from Playmobil. The dinosaur's arms move and the detail on the plants is pretty cool. Defly worth the buy!
0,This is one of most awesome Lego sets from the Creator series yet so far! This set has been highly anticipated and was only just released on January 1, 2016. All of the Creator buildings, similar to this model, are advanced sets (typically for adults(AFOLs)/older youth due to their technicality and attention to detail required. However, Lego does not discriminate which is another of the many reasons that I love this brand. :)		The details in this set are exquisite. The facade of the building, the clock, the skylights on the roof (which make perfect ways to break into the bank...), the chandelier made of diamonds, the safe, the offices, multiple floors, the staircases, the paintings/pictures, the teller booths, and the laundry mat (which is a quirky yet fun addition). All of these options/details leave endless amounts of play and fun for you or the one that you're giving this too.		This set is not to be missed by any serious builder, collector, or Lego enthusiast!
0,If your child needs more trash pack currency- buy this. Lots of little guys that my first grader loves. He has already traded away a ton of them for other trash packs.
0,Its Monopoly of course it gets five stars.
0,Love all Traxxas cars but you have to be prepared to spend money fixing them ALL THE TIME.
0,My son loves this stuffed plesiosaur! It is so soft, flexible but with a little weight (like beans) in the belly that helps keep it upright. Had a little bit of an odd smell right out of the packaging, but it doesnt appear to bother my kiddo and it faded after a couple days.
0,Love it! Simple enough for my 4yr, 6yr, 7yr old boys to play. We quickly discovered who the cautious and who the risk takers are. We'll be looking for similar games to add to our collection.
0,Good value, but didn't realize how big the motor was going to be! Everything works great though... I just need to put it on a bigger plane!
0,Love it.  This for my niece for when she visits.  I predict hours of fun
0,parfait
0,my 3 yr old loves this. easy to put up and have fun in
0,Big fan of Agricola and Caverna. Happy to say I own and play both. Really glad I got it at 62.00!
0,got this to give as a gift
0,My 2/3 year old LOVES this toy!!! He plays for hours with it!! He loves he can make them spin at top bit facorite is the secret compartments. It opens into such a great play center.
0,This was adorable.  Made much better than I assumed for the price.  I expected a cheap plastic toy, was pleasantly surprised by high quality.  The box it comes in is nice also.  It must be 6 inches when unfolded, much smaller than I was thinking but the size is perfect for a child.  Would fit in a pocket.
0,This was a great gift for my three years old granddaughter. She plays with her Barbie closet daily.
0,Ok...so I've gotta say this is a game that I'll keep in my collection for a long time! Jamaica is more than just a race game, it's true that the point of the game is to make a lap around the island while collecting gold but there is a bit of strategy involved. This game is really easy to learn which is high on my list of requirements! It's not a real in depth game although they do give back stories on the characters that you play, so if you're looking for a deep involved pirate game...this isn't it. This is a fun, somewhat fast paced game that won't necessarily leave you mad at other players...although there are opportunities to do so! This doesn't seem like a game that will be the main game of the night but so far every time I've taken this game out it turns into it, people love it. The quality of the materials is top notch, thick cardboard, coated playing cards, and detailed plastic miniature pirate ships are all really nice...the doubloons are cardboard pictures which would have been nice if they were gold plastic pieces but it doesn't really take away from the game.  I would really give this a 4 1/2 stars because although it is a great game there is a little bit of room for improvement in the treasures you pick up...there needs to be more variety. There is also a rule for when you're only playing a two person game in which the black pirate ship moves around the map steeling treasure and attacking players that we use all the time that adds to the experience...I highly recommend using this when you play. All and all, I would not hesitate adding this to anyone's collection!
0,Has held up well and been great
0,My 4 yr old grandson loved this.  I also bought him an army shirt and camo play tent.  He is obsessed with anything Army and wants to be an army man when he grows up.
0,I gave this 21 inch rubber chicken to my best friend as a 50th birthday gift because I refer to her as my psychologist because	she listens to my ranting and raving everyday. In the olden days a chicken was payment to a Dr. for services rendered instead of money.	So, I bought the biggest rubber chicken Amazon sold, had it wrapped with a big bow and a BD card supplied by Amazon and had it shipped.	Needless to say, she thought it was hysterical and loved it. Big box, big bow and all. She said it was the best gift she ever received.
0,Given the cost, I was surprisingly impressed at the quality of the quadcopter. The battery life holds up decently well under fall/summer temperatures, decreases when exposed to winter weather. That is expected given the batteries are Li-ion based, but I think is something that should be taken in consideration when using the quadcopter. Nice speed, holds up well to slight crash landings which speaks well to the mechanical strength of the plastic frame and blades.
0,If your kid is around, say, 12 to 18 months, they will get a huge kick out of these. I don't know why, but my son just loves holding these, hitting things with them, using them to scoop up stuff, you name it. They also make fun pool/bath toys. Best bang for your buck you're likely to find short of letting your kid romp in a cardboard box.
0,Great quality!!
0,My 10 year old loves this! I think he enjoys it more because he had to build it! He has a sense of pride.
0,My 13 year-old friend (an institutionalized child I visit in his mental health facility) absolutely loved this car. It has become the pride of his collection.
0,Tattu Bats are the bomb
0,Kinetic sand is awesome. I introduced my 3 year old niece to this at her most recent birthday party and the adults there were fighting over it more than the kids. I've had some since it was only available in brown. This stuff is great.
0,The wait was well worth it since the price came down.
0,Great costume, very detailed. My 5 yr old loved it.
0,These are easy for my 6 month old to hold and have a satisfying rattle.
0,ok quality for the price, better than dollar store
0,Fun clock with a great assortment of shapes for kids to investigate. My only wish is that both hands were moveable but I'm sure there was a reason for that design.
0,It was a great purchase for a 3 year old. All parts are sized perfect for little hands and big hands. The structure is well made swivel action is really fast when pushed. The tires are wobbly but does not affect any part of play. All in all I will continue to buy the whole construction set for my boys. I recommend.
0,White Mountain puzzles are so much fun.  The puzzle is high quality.  I love the theme.  It was like a trip down memory lane.
0,I ordered three of these! They were easy to pump and they are nice and sturdy! My grandchildren are having a ball with them! Noting but fun to own! Quick ship and excellent seller!
0,My kids love these.  All types of sticky mosaics have been terrific.  Great quality, great fine motor activity for kids.  Will entertain them for many hours.  I think we've bought about 10 different types....which speaks to how much my son and daughter love these.  I wish they made them for older children.
0,He plays with them almost everyday. Takes them to the park. He shares them with other kids. None of them have broken. Very cute lil' toys.
0,this is SO cute, and really a nicer quality outfit.  The sweater is adorable and the tights are so cute!
0,Grandsons love Olaf-he is sturdy-talks so cute and is lovable!!!  The nicest I have seen!!!great bargain!!! Makes Nana want to cuddle him also-don't miss this one!!!!
0,My grandaughter wanted this for Christmas & was surprised that it is kind of scary looking but she loves it.
0,Love it
0,Lovely colors, and great saturation, and I just love the quality,  Will be ordering again.
0,Fun and creative. My two girls got this for their birthday's and they have hours of fun changing clothes, shoes and accessories.
0,Grandson, 7 years old loved it.
0,Very cute and realistic-looking play food. Also seems very sturdy and like it will hold up for a long time. My kids (age 2 and 3) love playing with this in their play kitchen.
0,VERY HAPPY WITH PRODUCT.
0,If you are a Thundercats lover and love collecting Funko POP figures then I recommend you getting this one to complete your Thundercats collection. They look amazing on my shelves.
0,Very nice figurine, bought for my wife as she loves wolves.  I don't see to many white ones so this was a must have.  The item itself is very nice, but mine was not as detailed as the picture shown leads you to believe.  The paint is off just enough to make you notice, but not so bad I would return it.  maybe it was just the one I got.  OK purchace. My wife liked it a lot, but shes not as picky as I am.
0,Granddaughter loved it.
0,Big blocks kids like and work as needed.
0,10-month-old figured this out right away.  Is the ideal size for him to maneuver and provides safe independent play.  The cars do stick, yes, but that does not frustrate my son and actually creates greater interest in the toy.  Brilliant design and beautifully made.
0,I bough these for my daughter along with the paint pots. Having one color brush and non spill pot per paint means we can set up quickly and clean up just as quickly so I don't dread her asking to paint a picture.
0,Use superglue to keep them together (well, I used them for 7yo who are rather rough).  Works perfectly and a big hit.
0,Granddaughter loves her barbie jeep.  Good purchase as it has the Barbie and Ken doll too.
0,Great little tub toy for my toddler.it washes with no problem. Holds up well.
0,Unbelievable!  I'm a 40-something mother and love this toy.  It's loud, "fun" scary, and is loads of fun.  For you!  (Maybe for the kids too...tee hee..	Oh my gosh! I love this thing so much I don't even want to let the grandkids play with it. Bad grandma! Bad!  The best way to describe it is to play with it.  Enjoy!
0,My 15-month-old son likes to scribble on paper, so I got him this to practice on.  He can take it everywhere.  He knows how to draw on it and then use the slider to erase it.  I know it's not made for his age group and it may not last long with him stepping on it and banging it on stuff all the time, but it's great practice for him to learn to use a writing utensil and he enjoys using it.  It wasn't expensive so I don't mind if we need to replace it.
0,My baby likes this toy pretty well, although I wish the company would specify exactly what materials it is made out of.  It lists Polyester Fibers, but doesn't specify if the plastic parts are BPA or PVC free.  The textures and patterns are nice on this toy, and the size is good for a baby probably 5 months and above.
0,ok
0,Bought as a gift.
0,Everything was perfect !
0,love them
0,great toddler toy
0,Great Lego set, grandson loved playing with it and will enjoy many more years of playing with this.  Loved the Dragon the most.
0,This is an awesome product, I have a 3 year old and he loves this I would recommend this to my friends. Very user friendly
0,Story Cubes are great for family game night or for car trips.  They are educational while being fun.  Great for use in classrooms!!!
0,Bought this for my 4 year old grand daughter, Abby, and she just loved it.  Has kept her busy having fun.
0,My grand-daughter got this doll too with her new movie. She loves it! Also, her two year old brother loves for him to fight with his vintage G.I. Joe dolls! Great deal and find!
0,This is a gift, looks good but I have not opened it to see the quality of actual puzzle pieces.
0,I hope the kids love them.
0,We are so happy to add this to our Chuggington collection. My son loves to play with his trains and this one is an adorable addition.
0,This game is basically comprised of two parts. In the first, you and the other players are explorers randomly revealing room tiles as you maneuver throughout the house.	Many rooms will have an Event, Item or Omen associated with it and after you reveal the tile, you take a corresponding card and read it aloud. This furthers the story along and does a great job of giving the gameplay a lot of character and depth. I always love games where thematic, bite sized stories are incorporated into it (I.e. The Crossroads cards in Dead of Winter or the story book in Above and Below).	Discovering and drawing Omen cards will move a counter in a track that you'll roll against. Eventually, youll fail the roll and the second part of the game (the haunt) begins.	One of the players will become the Traitor at this point. He/she will take a special Traitor book and go into another room to read what they will be trying to do from that point forward. The other players will read from a Heroes book and concoct a strategy based on the details they are given.	From that point forward the Traitor works against the Heroes. It's very fun, very engaging and playing with scary sound effect/music in the background is a hit.	This is basically one of those "must have" games if you're a board "gamer".	It is not without its faults however. First, the components/artwork are probably the worst I've ever seen. You'll need to heat the minis in boiling water and bend them back in place as well as heat the small tracker pieces that go on your characters board and pinch them together as they WILL fall off. I laughed when we played the first time as the "Ballroom" tile is about as ballroom looking as an empty shed. The art is horrendous and everything feels cheap. This is a game that can benefit from a WELL MADE rerelease.	Second, the instructions do a fairly good job but they don't cover all situations (no instruction booklet in any game ever does) so you WILL need to clarify some things during game via Googling or through agreements by the players.	Is it a "family" game? It does deal with occult topics and has monsters and is intended to be "scary". Cards can reference pentagrams, etc. so if you're offended by that sort of thing (lighten up!) then this isn't one for you and your family.
0,It's cuddly and smells nice. What more could you ask for?
0,Thanks
0,Awsome Statue!
0,What an awesome product that goes nearly 14mph and the battery lasts nearly an hour.  Our kids love this thing.  It is so engaging for their little minds.  We're buying another one.
0,This Funko Joker is not as cute or as creepy as the other Funko Pop Joker. But It's awesome! the card that the Joker is holding is of a joker. Awesome.
0,Bought these to go with the cheerleader outfit for my granddaughter - great detail! .  She will love them!
0,Great sleeves, they are a little slick for my liking but my friends have said that they will get better with use.
0,big hit with the grandkids!
0,I have one of these and I adore her dearly!	Her name is Onrinraninanoonlan and she loves to cuddle!	The material is very soft, and the tail has a wire in it you can bend it,	It makes a great bed decoration!~
0,I love the variety of the food.  My daughter is starting to know what is what and will get the things I ask her for and she is only 13 months old.
0,Great quality, my grandson loves it
0,Perfect, just as in childhood.
0,Loved.
0,Box a little messed up, but other than that it was great!
0,Good product
0,We bought this and the Ursula doll for my daughter, and she absolutely loves them.  I would encourage anyone who wants to buy these for their kids to do it here on Amazon, because they are Disney brand, and are significantly cheaper then you will get them for at the Disney store and the parks.  (Obviously, right?)  :)
0,a lot smaller then I thought it was. a Gift for my Grand daughter.
0,My grandson loves it.
0,Great Product.
0,Great for Halloween or a trip to Disney. Fit my two year old perfectly. She never complained.
0,Oh my goodness this came just in time for my great nephew to come visit today.  He is eleven and was absolutely enthralled for the entire day.  He had to be pestered into stopping for lunch and a few minutes of visiting.  The instructions were understood with just a few comments by his dad to help him get set up.  He enjoyed himself so much that was disturbed when he had to leave it here for next time.
0,Both of my girls like it. Simple and easy to use. We bring this to church and it seems to occupy my girls for a while. I will buy one more as a present.
0,Amazing size and neat
0,Very cute and grandaughter is very happy.
0,SHE LOVES IT,  What more can I say, Got it for my 3 year old and she sits down in front of him and he just captures her attention and she talks back and laughs with him.  Only thing I wish it had was a REMOTE.  If it had a remote OMG parents can have more fun playing along with the realistic communication the kid has with elmo.  But you have to keep hitting the trigger spots, squeeze his nose, Touch his foot, Touch his back, his belly, i think thats it but the spots are not easy to hit and still enjoy the fun of what he is saying and doing.  But besides that She loves him.  I think Elmo even Farts which is hilarious to my 3 year old. She laughs so Hard. I worry she may try to put him in the bathtub, so I have to watch her close, (Because Elmo says He needs a BATH)  LOL I think I like it as much as she does.
0,I bought this for my sister's family and unfortunately found out they already had not only 1 but 2 copies of it! They love playing it and said that it's a fast game that you can play many times in a row and a great way to get to know people better.		Update: We played the game (along with many others) for New Years Eve and it's a fun game. It definitely goes quick. We played it without using the timer but I can see why they have that as part of the game as some turns could just last forever when there's no time-crunch. They have an age limit of 10 years old minimum and I can understand why. It requires some very creative thinking for how to connect multiple words both to come up with them as well as try to guess what your partner meant. You may be able to change the rules for under 10 and only try to get your opponent to guess one agent at a time
0,Happy Birthday, my granddaughter loves it
0,A gift well recieved
0,Well made lifelike
0,Works great. Fast shipping.
0,4-year old daughter loves looking at these and telling her own stories. We got these to increase her verbal skills, and she seems to like them. Cards and box are sturdy.
0,I'd have liked to see the actual book in a store so I could look at the patterns, but these are really intricate and well done.  If I buy more of them, I think I'll look for more flowers and "things" rather than the geometrics in this one.  Still, it's a good one that can be very time-consuming to do, and it's a great get-away for relaxation.  The pencils that came with it are really nice, and can double as watercolors for a different effect.
0,I love this little Funko!!  I have quite a few of these, and wanted the Rudolph collection to display at Christmas.  He's the perfect addition to our Christmas decor!
0,Great battery for a great price
0,Almost 1st wave complete! Waiting for the next one!	Talking about the cost, I hope prices go down this time!
0,Perfect birthday gift for a 4 year old, the music its not too loud
0,good experience
0,Way better than expected. I love this quad loads -o-fun, keeps going. After many crashes ( all my fault ) i ordered another one for my girl friend. Great quad thanks hobbie co.
0,My 3 year old grandson and 4 yr old granddaughter love this game.
0,Awesome little quad.  Even beginner flyers can make this work with a little practice.  Since it's a bit larger than all the micro/mini ones, it's actually a lot easier to control and learn on.  There are also lost of very inexpensive replacement parts when you crash.  You can also get inexpensive batteries as well.  Recommend however getting a good charger.
0,Toddler (age 3.5) loves it - so I'm happy. :)  It's a very basic function, one my 1.5 year old also can do and enjoys "transforming".  The toddler loves it and plays with it virtually daily, sleeps with it most nights, and happily shares with the younger one.  With both boys playing continuously with it, I would say it's very durable (nothing has broken) and highly recommended!  We actually ordered the Optimus Prime to be a companion, as he loved this one so much!
0,Grandson loves it. Lots of fun.
0,I am not usually a fan of TV inspired toys but these are very cute.  My grandaughter can make up her own adventures with all of the characters ready to play their parts.
0,Nice,thanks a lot
0,son enjoys
0,Jade is gorgeous.  Her outfit is amazing especially those shoes.
0,Love these durable Letters.  They are brightly colored with great designs and nice thickness too.  I didn't want foam or letters that would peel off.  Love learning the alphabet and making words with these.
0,Perfect gift for a young Chewy fan. She takes this fellow, along with a few choice robot toys, in her Chewy backpack on many adventures.
0,Since using 3S LiPo on the Stamped 4x4 VXL, the stock plastic driveshafts were quickly toast.  Put these on the front and back and no more issues.  Not cheap but rock solid.
0,Really cute and soft. They were a hit!
0,Great product
0,Very soft fur, girlfriend loved it, nuff said.
0,The kids loved these
0,great gift
0,Box and funko arrived in perfect condition. Very satisfied.
0,As per the other reviews this quite a good set, which needs assembly and setting up and painting, you may need to attach the set to a firmer base to give the diorama better stability. Plus you may need to buy additional modeling tools and paints to recreate what you see on the back of the box. My only gripe is the fact that all scale of the models is actually varied; the military vehicles/tanks are one scale while the British and German soldiers are of different scale. There is a mixture of 1:72 scale items and 1:76 items which are a smaller scale than quoted.		No one seems to mind, but I thought it is worth mentioning.
0,Comes with 4 songs laid out by color, which is nice.  Our trumpet has two red keys, one is supposed to be orange, so the songs get a little messed up on that one.  My 7 year old and 2 year old both love them, and even 'duet' occasionally.
0,GRANDSON LOVES IT.
0,Bought these to be placed in shoeboxes for Operation Christmas Child. Great little toy with quality as expected. Would order again for same purpose.
0,My baby LOOOOOVES this mirror. It makes tummy time so much more tolerable. When she starts to fuss at the mirror, I just play with the ball and the bee to get her engaged again (read: distracted).
0,Nice product - good delivery
0,Great buy! Good quality.
0,I purchased this bubble machine for a birthday party. It works great, and served its purpose. I was hoping the reservoir would be bigger. The only hassle was we had to refill the bubble solution so frequently, about every 30-45 mins. You have to be careful not to over-fill the reservoir, because it can leak and spill, causing a big mess. But for the price, it worked great!
0,We have 4 engines. What would make Thomas even better is to trim the width of the front red bar. It can easily get hung up on bridge supports, particularly on curved track.
0,GREAT TOY
0,These are a great accessory for the trash truck.
0,My 7 month old liked this - its cute and colorful. It does topple forward and back, I almost wish it didn't have those blue legs or it was shaped so that the base was wider, but I think once my little man is sitting up better and older it shouldn't matter!
0,Wonderful activity band for kids.  they can just be like mom and dad but with a cooler tracker!
0,I love these blocks!! The different shapes help keep my daughter engaged while we're playing. The material is easy to clean.	Each piece has a different letter and the bag is sturdy for storage.	Compared to other rubber blocks these are a lot softer.	I have also bought the number set!
0,Great product, great customer service!
0,My one year-old son loves this toy! He loves hearing all of the animal sounds and got the hang of pulling the handle fairly quickly.
0,Amazing detail. A must for any collector of dinosaur figurines. Loos great!
0,Perfect
0,it was gifted to some one who reciprocated with a great thank you and appreciated the gift idea which can be enjoyed over several years to come and also a collectors item.
0,This suits our purposes.  I needed the stuffed animal chaos controlled before our 2nd came along and needed to share the space with his 4 year old brother.  Quality, size, etc is all good.  If you have large animals, you will likely need more than one.  Our largest stuffed friend is a pillow pet, and he is the only one that size.  He fits along with 4 or 5 medium sized stuffies and a bunch of smaller ones.  There is enough room left over for a few for the baby and a few for the future.  We hung it in a corner above our changing table and have the added bonus of baby liking to look at all of the animals peeking over the edge while I change his diaper.  While I'm not a big fan of the visual appeal of these in general, there is nothing else out there that solves the issue like this one.  My 4 year old now also enjoys the bedtime ritual of picking two or three friends to take to bed each night instead of having an entire zoo spread out over his coverlet, looking cluttery, and vying for foot space.  It is keeping me saner, and that right there is worth it..
0,Very nice toy for my one year old, she loves it.
0,Granddaughters are  almost 3 and just turned 1 year old and this set is perfect for them.  Safe to use, pretty detailed and they love it!
0,We have the Farm & these animals go along well, for the most part.  At least the chicken responds correctly in the right places. The others just have generic responses overall. Still very sweet.
0,Great grandson wow
0,Given as a gift; grandson had fun building it & racing it.
0,my grandson will love this
0,excelente
0,They sure didn't make them like this when I was little. I see hours of fun play ahead when my grandson visits.
0,Scene It lets you play a board game with video input. This version of the game focuses on comedy films.		The game is easy to play. There's a simple walk around the board set up in which players take turns answering questions and moving around the board. There are several different kinds of questions: you can watch film clips and answer questions about them, answer questions requiring prior knowledge, solve visual puzzles, or compete to be the first to guess from gradually presented clues.		The difficulty level of the questions varies widely, from questions that require nothing but paying  a bit of attention to questions requiring specialized knowledge. This might mean that many different people can play together, but it also means that there's a very high level of luck involved. It's also possible for a lucky or skilled player to run the board. However, we find that over time, everyone has a chance to win, and the tables can turn quickly -- sometimes a player who has been behind all through the game can win in the last minutes of play.		There's a quick play option and also a "party" option which simply presents questions and lets people answer without using the board at all.		Overall, we found this a relaxed game, probably best for teens and adults. There's not much strategy and we didn't notice any educational opportunities. Our most competitive players were a bit disappointed in the game, since there's not much you can do to improve or to plan ahead. The movie clips were funny, though, and it's easy to socialize while you play.
0,Good selection!
0,This thing is hugeeeee!!!!!! My son got it for his 4tg birthday and loves it! Totally worth the buy !
0,kids love these things the lead does fall out but there great and cheap
0,GRANDKID LOVES IT
0,Another addition for my collection , now I have a micro, a mini,a mid and 2 full size drones.
0,great product
0,Granddaughter loves it !!
0,Adorable giraffe rocker. My granddaughter has a collection of giraffes and this rocker was a perfect addition. She loves it!
0,Not as essential as Pooh, but fun.  My little daughter enjoys it, but Kanga needs Roo for it to reach full distraction potential.
0,Great
0,Excellent, childhood revisited.
0,Only complaint I have is that I should have bought a larger size.  They are expensive to fill a big ball pit but the grandkids are having a great time.  I put a pool filled with balls in my basement and a kiddie slide going into it.  They play in there for hours!
0,This for my grandson to play with while he's at my home in July. I hope he likes it.
0,These are great for my 2.5 lil guy. They aren't posable but, I like that they don't have pieces and parts that are removable (choking hazards or lost parts)
0,Excelente
0,Loved doing this model
0,These sleeves are perfect for Magic commander decks because they are exactly 100 sleeves (and the decks are exactly 100 cards). I also love that the various colors allow you to more easily distinguish your deck from those of the other players (or even other commanders decks of yours). The cost is relatively cheap and the sleeves themselves are good quality.
0,Bought this awhile back because I am a Fallout fanatic and I can say it really captures the Fallout essence very well. The little metal playing tokens are all fallout related pieces which are cool for collectors and of course all the properties are related to some Fallout location in the games. All the components are very well done and high quality. The only real con I can see with this set is the houses and hotels are still the same mold from the original monopoly game and not a cool Fallout theme. Other than that you can expect the same exact monopoly playstyle with a really cool Fallout overlay. If you like monopoly and Fallout then this is a no brainer purchase. Or if you are just a collector of Fallout merchandise this will fill that void nicely.
0,This is a fun family game and very easy to play, however if you have two people that are very intune with each other like we do in my family then they seem to keep drawing each others cards and makes it hard to give anyone else a turn to be the judge. It was a great game to play with my cousin's 13-17yrs. of course all the older family prefered the "adult version" cards agianst humanity better. If your just looking for some family fun this is the game for you now if your looking for adult intertainment then try the other game I mentioned.
0,My son plays with this for hours on end.  Talking and motion and educational tidbits are great!  Good price and well worth it!
0,I love this for the bath time toys. I got 2 days ago and put up as instructed to leave suction cups for 24 hours before using. My daughter put all her bath toys in and it hasn't moved or let loose.
0,These are pretty nice markers for the price. There is no rhyme or reason to the numbering system as far as I can tell, so you will need to make a color chart. also the cap colors are not very close to the marker color. I also wish these had brush tips, but for this price I will not complain.		The set I received had a pretty good selection of skin tones, blues, and greens, but the reds, oranges, and grey are kind of lacking.
0,Perfect! Thank you!
0,Pandemic is one of the best cooperative board games out today and it is very reasonably priced.  Each time it is played, you can be a different character with special abilities, and each game evolves differently meaning that you can play over and over again without playing the same game twice.  Love it!  I have since purchased Pandemic Legacy, a longer, more challenging version.  However, it is recommended that you learn the base game 1st.
0,Thanks for the Andro Sphinx. Arrived quickly in new condition with extra free holo card with four common cards.
0,We got this as part of the Hohner five piece set, which is well worth it. The xylophone sounds far superior to anything else we tried. This is the one to get.
0,Finally I have my first power ranger anything. I always want a power ranger but they seemed to kiddish not this one it feels good and sturdy. I love the way the armor stays on but it does fall off thats ok I still love it highly recommended.
0,Just got these for Christmas, couldn't wait to try them out! My daughter and I played and had a lot of fun running around the house playing. They work really well for us!		*UPDATE 6/23/2015- these are so fun so we bought 6 of them so our whole family can play!! It's a good workout running in and out around and through the house! We use rechargeable batteries and haven't had to change them since last Christmas! We love to play this a lot!
0,My son loves Legos and these were no exception.
0,Love this toy.  Had features I didn't know it had.  Nice learning toy.
0,Great game, fun with friends. I highly recommend it.		Beware of Scalpers on Amazon, the game is $30-40
0,Niece loved it.
0,This is so cute. It's perfect for the tiny doll accessories that usually get lost.
0,much thicker and nicer than expected! great price and awesome quality for out luau birthday
0,Great Figure Likeness to Mark Hamill also Love the Removable chest piece revealing his conversion to The Light also his Green Lightsaber also nailing The  Costume design from Aggie Guerard Rodgers and Nilo Rodis-Jamero Great Figure
0,This is a blast to fly and don't forget to get extra battery's..  Very good price too !!
0,Worked great on my Bomber!
0,LOVE these! My students are fascinated with them and I like the fact it meets the Next Generation Science Standards as well as Common Core. My own children love them as well. Great way to challenge critical thinking, engineering, and design. Our school is going to purchase a class set for our STEM lab.
0,our grandchildren loves this!
0,Classic toy, can't go wrong with this
0,This was one I really enjoyed. The two best parts, the camels can stack on one another and there's a "dice-pyramid" which allows for one die to be rolled at a time to move the camels. On a player's turn, they can do one of four things: One, roll a die with the pyramid to move a camel or a group of camels (like I said, camels stack so if a camel has camels on top of it and it needs to move, it carries the other camels with it. Two, place a desert or oasis tile on the board that can either help or hurt a camel by allowing it to move ahead one extra space or move back one. Three, place a bet on which camel they think will be in the lead during one leg of the race. And four, place a bet on which camels they think will either win the race or lose the race. Excellent and fun game with a lot of variety. I would like to try this one out with the full compliment of eight people sometime in the future.
0,This one is fun and kids get to practice cutting with a pizza cutter. Big, chunky, sturdy pieces, great for little hands.
0,These decks came (along with 2 other structure decks) one day before estimated delivery, that alone was great. The decks are good but u might need to add more cards for further support, all in all great decks for beginners and or collectors..........
0,My son adores this toy, has played with it more than any other. We are very pleased with it.
0,This has been a great alternative for an outdoor water table.  We did not want anything too bulky and large to store.  The water pump is a little difficult to push down for her (she's 2.5), but she manages.
0,Good bow fun!  I gave this as a gift for Christmas.  My nephew loved the bow.  My boys also tried out the bow and it seemed to be solid and hold up well.
0,We love sticker puzzles, they are a great activity for in the car or at a restaurant.  The frozen ones are adorable.  My 5 year old loves them!
0,nice
0,I swear they make the decibal level so loud that kids will go deaf!  This toy is very annoying with how loud it is.  I combatted that with putting tape over the speaker holes.  I swear. . .can they just make a toy nowadays that isn't electronic or makes noise or doesn't need batteries!  What happened to the plain old sit and spin?  Instead they have to add annoying music to it!
0,Very beautiful!
0,Purchased this twice as gifts and it was a huge hit! The mold is very easy to figure out and use. My 3 year old loves playing with this all the time.
0,This was a gift for my 12 year-old daughter who is in love with everything Harley Quinn right now. This figurine is really cute!
0,You have to order and pay an additional $10 for an extension kit. Kinda silly. Love the gym overall though!!
0,This is a great kid's travel game! We do a lot of traveling throughout the year since we live away from family and I need things to keep my kids entertained. The sheets have two sides to mix things up so they don't get bored easily. My youngest, who just turned 3, has enjoyed it since she was 2 1/2, even not knowing how to play the game. She just loved opening all of the flaps and seeing what was underneath! I keep it stored in my "travel bag" and only pull it out for trips so it always stays fresh and fun! I would recommend this. Melissa and Doug make great toys!
0,My teenage granddaughter, and even her "too cool" older brother, went crazy over these cards.
0,great
0,The WolVol Go friction are fantastic toys with many hours of fun. There are many movable parts, the cars look very realistic and durable. Never heard of this company but will purchase additional products from them. It triggers my child's curiosity as the the mechanical parts move as the vehicles move. The toys are educational, colors are vibrant, the street sweepers bristle are soft and my kids love the way they rotate. It triggers children's imagination and many hours of fun. Good job WolVol :)
0,Daughter loves this baskets and food, she plays with them everyday. Only negative is I find these stuffed in random places throughout my whole house. Great toy!!
0,This is one of the better toy movie characters I've seen. It's big, has some weight to it and is really well made. This dinosaur is designed to hold up to being played with a lot! There's a large button on the tail that's in the perfect spot for kids to be able to hold him up by the tale and activate his legs to gallop. But he doesn't gallop on his own. Kids need to hold down the button for his legs to move. You can also make him talk/roar by pressing down on his arms.		Two things to watch for is not to throw away the tip of his tail when you are un-boxing him. His tail tip is disconnected and you need to attach it to make his tail whole. Also on the base of the tail by the leg, on one side there is an on/off switch. So if for some reason he's not working and the batteries in him are fine, be sure to check that the on/off switch is set to on.		Very cute dino and would make for an awesome gift for kids who love the movie!
0,Great figure and must have for the marvel and x-men colletion
0,Fun giveaways for school Halloween parties.  The kids had a great time with these and their little pumpkins.
0,Arrived as promised
0,Product just as I expected. My son loved it
0,grandson loves this  and still has it
0,Bought this as a Christmas gift for friends out of state. Saw camper for the first time recently. Was bigger than I expected (in a good way). The girls said they loved it and play with it a lot.
0,Great for the money! Can't complain a bit! Thanks!
0,Cute and classic Little People that you could add to your farm, that's what we did.  It's a cute addition that our daughter enjoys.  It's made of the sturdy plastic that Fisher Price is known for, the colors are bright and the red color matches perfectly with the barn series.  Don't hesitate to add this to your FP toys!
0,Perfect size.  Not too big or small.
0,My whole family loves this game. So unique and one of the best parts is players cards are laid out in front of them so my little ones don't have to try to hide or hold all their cards in their hand. Kids are 4 and 7 and they love it.
0,Killer Bunnies is such an inventive game! The expansion packs make the game so much fun. Great game for a party or having people over to hang out! Can't wait to buy the rest of the expansion packs and see what else is in store!
0,Just love this little plush Pocoyo. My son takes him everywhere and so far he's holding up great! No wear or tear.
0,Arrived perfectly
0,daughter loves it!
0,I have the classic stacker with the rings that don't light up or do anything, and my daughter was just not interested.  She's 6 months old and not really stacking yet, but the classic ring stacker wasn't even interesting enough for her to try.  This toy keeps her engaged so she interacts more with it, which leads to her learning through trial and error that the rings do stack.  She's already stopped what she was doing a few times as she got a ring on, to inspect what happened - with sudden fascination.		Overall, just a much better choice than the classic ring stacker.  I know that lights/music are sometimes seen as detracting from a classic toy, but in my opinion, this helped engage her.
0,Son loves this!
0,My daughter says loves her dino!!!!  Excellent product
0,super cute game
0,My granddaughter plays with it all of the time, she absolutely loves it! You should hear her playing pretend with the little people. We bought all of the rooms that go with it also. Amazing how they can make certain pieces have sound effects. Well worth the money!
0,Soo very pleased my grandson is going to love it
0,If you are a fan of TB, then these are for you.
0,These small Cuddlekins are so cute and very soft and my son LOVES getting these as gifts, and they are really inexpensive!  I highly recommend them.  Plus it can start a conservation on wildlife conservation!
0,Works great, well thought product. Holds a 2 and 3s lipo hard case no problem. Have not gone bigger yet but has room to go above if needed.
0,got this for our grand son.
0,A very well-made, adorable doll for children and collectors alike. I also have the Anna doll.
0,Kid loves it.
0,My son loves Paw Patrol and vehicles so these are perfect. I love that the characters are permanently in there. My son has autism and only likes vehicles to play with so if the characters were removable he would have taken them out and not played with them so this way he gets the characters all the time. They are well made and so cute. I am very happy with them.		We got him 4 of them for Christmas this year. Chase, Marshall, Rubble and Rocky.
0,Says 8 and up, but my 6 year old can do it fine. Laminate the cards so you can reuse them. Lots of fun and can be fast or long. Good for math and strategy.
0,My child loves it. Does exactly what you would expect it to do. I give it 4 stars instead of 5 because its difficult to clean the nooks and crannies.
0,Just like I remembered it from the eighties.
0,Perfect. Exactly as stated in the description.
0,My son loved it!
0,My granddaughter loved this.  A really fun toy
0,I got this for my partner and it arrived before Christmas which was great.	When I inspected it, it came in it's production box complete with changeable faces and swords. She is pose able and comes with a stand.	She is 6 inches and a perfect addition to any figurine collection.
0,Quinlan Vos is an amazing Jedi this is worthy to have in your star wars collection
0,Is a pretty neat my kids like him don't have to worry about the baby slobbering on them
0,This is a fun game!
0,My son enjoys playing with this beautiful horse and others from Breyer that we purchased. Best price I could find online or in stores was right here. Couldn't beat it!
0,Great Christmas gift!!!!
0,Lovely picture.  A little harder than I expected, but good challenge.
0,It made someone very happy!!!!!
0,great starter deck if you a beginner. i love magicians and the fact that its a starter deck makes it better.
0,okay, but kind of small. still nice for play.
0,Nice quality toy and my son loves this toy
0,Arrived on time and performs as advertised.
0,great product , my granddaughter loves these
0,Bought this for my 5 year-old and it gets quite a bit of use. It has the two blast options, and its held up through some drops!
0,excellent
0,I went to the park and played it together with 6 year old boy, 8 year old girl, 11 year old girl, and several adults. I can say that this is an excellent family-friendly toy. Both kids and adults can have lots of fun together for quite a long time!		2 balls that come in this package are bright red and bright yellow which are super easy to locate. They are light weight. 2 rackets are also light weight but over-sized and easy to handle. It looks just like any other cheap plastic toys out there. But when you try, you'll find that this toy works well. The way the rackets are shaped makes it easy to catch the ball. Also, when you aim high up, it makes a very nice and smooth curve like a rainbow, and flies high up in the sky with a distance. It makes you feel like you became good at throwing balls. Just don't play this on a really windy day because if you're trying to throw the ball against the wind, this lightweight ball will not go very far.		You should definitely try this if you're looking for something healthy and fun to do together with kids at a park.
0,My 11 year old daughter received this as a Christmas gift and it sat in the box for 3 months.  She finally decided to assemble it by herself. Tremendous success. She diligently spent 3 days, working by herself, on her spare time and was able to overcome all assemblysteps and issues by herself. I am proud of her and praise the company for not only creating a project kit that challenges a child but offers instruction and components that allows them to do it completely on their own.  After she updated the sotware via the internet the family has spent time together entertained by funny robot.  You should see the pride on her face,and her dad's as well..
0,<div id="video-block-R3HJE870FXCTSQ" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B1BfPdOqdAS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91UWfbJRgmS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;This is a review of the Dromida Ominus UAV Quadcopter.		In the box is the Quadcopter, transmitter/controller with 4-AAA batteries, extra set of blades. 700mAh Li-Po battery, instruction sheets and USB charger		I've had several RC helicopters and several different RC quadcopters but this one is the most fun of them all. It's one of the smaller quadcopters I've ever flown, but that is one reason it is so much fun... that smallness makes it that much more responsive.		This has colorful LED's in the arms and flying it is all the more fun because of that.		The Ominus is pretty easy to learn how to fly because of its gyro stabilization, but also in part because it has an easy mode as well as a more advanced flying mode. Pairing the transmitter to the quad is easy. Another cool feature is that it has a pre-programmed flip function that is a blast to see. The transmitter has trim controls to assist in setting up the quadcopter so it doesn't drift.		A Li-Po battery is used rather than Li-Ion. It provides good flying time and is recharged by an included USB charger that plugs into your computer or a wall charger.		This thing is quite durable but comes with an extra set of rotors just in case.		Now for the not so cool aspects of this. I find that many times when landing, if it lands in grass that causes the rotors to stop, they free-wheel which is great because that practically eliminates damage to the motors or gears. But after such a landing, I always lose transmitter connection to the Ominus. This results in my having to unplug the battery and reconnect it so that the transmitter can once again bind itself to the Ominous. Perhaps this by design to protect the Ominus, but it's quite frustrating. I also find that binding sometimes takes a very long time or not at all. When it doesn't bind for who knows what reason, unplugging the battery in the Ominus and plugging it back in will eventually allow the transmitter to bind again. This seems very flakey to me and is the main reason I take one star off my rating.		It's durable, fun and a very satisfying little quadcopter that will provide hours of fun. It handles flying outdoors really well, even with gentle winds, particularly in easy mode because that helps keep this self-leveling. Once you progress in your flying abilities you can put it into advanced mode for more robust maneuvering. I'm getting a couple more batteries so I can have extended flying time without having to wait to recharge.
0,We purchased this for our 2.5 year old Grandson, to make his sleeping experience at our house just a little more fun. He loved the tent, didn't really help the 'sleeping' part but the tent itself was a pretty big hint. It is well made and fit nicely on the Queen size bed, went together easily. I put it together in no time and one person assembly is no problem. The sheet and tent are velcroed together and come apart easily for washing. The doors tie back if you don't want it closed and it seemed very secure and durable.		I think it is worth the money and is something most kids would enjoy. The color and style of it lends itself to either girls or boys up to a certain age. I would recommend this if you are looking for a bed tent that would fit on a queen size bed.
0,The miku is gorgeous, it's a shame it arrived with a broken tail	Had to returned it for a refund, I reordered and it was perfect! Exc condition!
0,Grandsons love this
0,Purchased for 2.5yo daughter. She enjoys it so far. Great quality, comes ready to use, and self-storage design makes for easy cleanup and minimal space requirement when not in use. Sounds are not annoying, which is a plus for a toddler toy (I'd intended to take out the batteries but then didn't feel the need to).
0,Awesome. Even though it is a little machine, the price and fun quality is great.		4 year old girl loves it.
0,Worked nice. Good product
0,I bought this game to keep at the in-laws to play on holidays.  It was super easy to learn and a lot of fun, even for some of the kids.  Some of the words might be a little hard for kids under 12 to understand, and the sense of humor factor might also make it difficult for kids under 12.  We found that the kids were using the words in a more literal sense, where most of the adults were trying to incorporate as much comedy as possible.  It is a great game to just pull out of the cupboard and play, without a lot of setup and confusing rules.  It is definitely more fun with five people or more, but with all ten players it's the most fun.
0,These cups are sturdy and should be able to handle any kind of abuse short of running over them with a car.  The footprint of the toy is rather "large" when compared to other stacking sets I've seen.  However, there is a lip to each cup that'll let your little one more easily grasp and manipulate the cups.  They are numbered on the inside, which opens another avenue of learning, but the numbers are so nondescript, your child might not even notice them.  Packaging is very nice and thoughtfully done.		There is also another stacking set (supposedly BPA, PVC, Nitrosamine and phthalate free) that is a few dollars cheaper&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/green-sprouts-Stacking-Cup-Set/dp/B002KCNEDG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">green sprouts Stacking Cup Set</a>.
0,My son really like it, I bought a few of the toys for the Jake's Land. (Boat of Jake and Hook + Figurine Set + Magical Tiki Hideout Playset ). He really love all of them. The material is good.
0,Great
0,Adorable. Great stocking stuffer or small gift, especially if you have a Pusheen fan on your gift list!
0,She loves it
0,This game has all the makings of a heavy game, but without a bunch of complicated rules! Watch a few different tutorials first, and that will simplify the overall play of the game. For what you get, this game is a steal at the price. My daughter & I both found this game enjoyable. Moving your boat around on the white water lines makes the game go fast. I especially like the way excavating a temple gives each player another action when you do that. It's better than buying another worker! As more & more cubes are moved onto the playing board, they become worth more money, which makes it easy to buy more maps and score more points. In my opinion, Akrotiri takes the best of all board game mechanics, shorten the steps, and makes it easy to score points. Even though it's only a 2 player game, Rahdo runs through explains how you can buy 2 copies of the game, paint 2 sets of boats & temples, and then you have a 4 player game! This game is totally friendly, a high production, very creative, and easy to learn & set up. I think it's just a really cool game!!
0,Great puzzle for a little family time.
0,My son loves the boat.
0,Great product, great packaging. Sent quickly. Perfect thank you. I will be buying from you again soon. Thanks
0,The doll was a big hit at Christmas and looked just like the one posted on the site.
0,Bought this for my granddaughter as I had bought one of the loom refill sets not realizing that the loom was not in it. This loom set is nice and of good quality for the price. My granddaughter is six and she needed some assistance from her Dad to get started. Once she got the hang of it she enjoyed it. Her eleven year old brother even got in on it.
0,My number one puzzle.  great colors and pieces are easy  to apply.  and it has a stand to hold the  puzzle box top
0,I got this for my sons 7th birthday and he LOVED it! It was put together quickly and is played with everyday. No complaints of another great Lego product.
0,As a recently-minted drone enthusiast, I quickly learned that you can never have too many batteries, especially when you're dealing with the small drones like the UDI U818A. Nothing kills your fun like burning through the included battery in 7 minutes and having to wait an hour to fly again. That's why I highly recommend this 5 pack of 500mAh Lipo batteries from the Drone Pit Stop. All of the batteries seem to work about as well as the original and they've really let me take my flying to the next level.		I've tried replacement batteries from a few different providers, and there are several things I really like about the Drone Pit Stop ones in particular:	1. They're clean looking and brightly colored, making them easily distinguishable from others.	2. They have a blank white box for numbering - this is incredibly thoughtful design since the first thing I do is put a number on each of them to tell them apart.	3. The strong yellow pull tab makes it very easy load and unload the batteries.		The one thing that keeps these from being a perfect five star product is that they do not easily fit into the U818A's battery slot. They are slightly too wide and I had to remove the plastic sheath on a couple of them to get them to fit at all. They do fit after some effort though (I found that I have to put them in slightly tilted, since, while they are too wide, they are also thinner, so they can be angled in).		All these things together make the Drone Pit Stop batteries stand out from their competitors, and I will be inclined to shop from this seller again in the future (like, when I upgrade to a new drone :)). Drone Pit Stop was kind enough to provide me with a discount so that I could try these batteries out and provide an informed review.
0,Lovely dress.
0,Very cute. The fuzz around the eyes is a bit long, so I had to trim that, so the eyes weren't buried. Other than that, it's very cute.
0,Very Cool!
0,This is a very cute game.  The Play-Doh adds an element that was really appealing to my child, who amused herself for quite a while before we actually played by making the ammunition for all of us.  The ball-maker really works well, and you end up with perfectly round spheres to launch.  It is not very difficult to get the balls into the spinning can; our games lasted just a few minutes each.  We played several games in a row.  My 5 year old was a little frustrated at first but seemed to get the hang of it.  This isn't the most exciting game, but for young kids, it's a winner.
0,Bought this for my 9 year old after her occupational therapist recommended doing dot to dots. These are awesome for kids who are a little older and need more than just 20 or 30 dots.  She loves the challenge!
0,I first got interested in Sailor Moon, when after working a 10 hour night came home and turned on the TV and was to lazy to pick up the remote to change the channel and found myself watching this cartoon and laughing at it and later on when my Grandmother would sit there and laugh at it also. When I heard that these figures were coming out I just knew I was going to end up collecting them.	The S.H. Figuarts women/girl figures aren't as good as Figmas. (In my opinion) But these stand pretty well with my Figmas.	Sailor Moon comes with extra faces, extra hands and a couple of wands and a cat. (Luna)	Because of the small accessories I would not recommend these for children.
0,Its excelente!!!
0,good
0,fund toy
0,Son loves it, as does his friends.
0,My 2 year old son and I play with his batcave almost every day. It's nice that there are a lot of different little things to do, such as the elevator and various opening doors. It also closes nicely for storage/transporting. The harpoon launcher or whatever it is should be put up for younger kids, but other than that, this is a great toy. You don't see too many headquarters anymore.
0,Super cool!
0,This is a very good toy for little kids. It shows in simple actual terms how wind propels mass, in this case a light weight race car toy. Yes, assembly needs adult work as the screws are tiny and need precision at times. However, it is an easy ten minute job. Requires two AAA batteries (not included). The car goes progressively fast on flat surfaces.
0,grandson wanted it and he was happy that grandma got it for him.
0,I love this little guy. And yes, he is little, smaller than I thought he'd be. He's a Papo product, so he's finely detailed and nicely painted. He's in a good pose for standing in my collection, but I'm not sure if a child playing with this will like the pose. His mouth does open and close, but it seems fairly fragile. Overall, he is a very nice figure.
0,Fun game!
0,love it
0,Don't make the same mistake I made.  I have tried EVERY single prop out there for my Blade 350 QX3 set to Agility mode (high speed) and all the other are less stable and slower.  I don't know why, but take my word....I tested and tested and tested.  Nothing is like the OEM props.
0,A+
0,GRAND KID SEAM TO ENJOY THIS .WIGGLING..PRETEND DANCING I GUESS.
0,exelent
0,This looks good and will be great for my granddaughter
0,Got a few of these on sale as stocking stuffers.  They fit the bill just fine and held up to the first day's use even though I honestly did not expect them to.  They actually were today's fun so I wholeheartedly recommend them. All 3 of mine had good batteries and worked just fine, great fun!
0,We bought this bounce house for our two children and they absolutely love it.  This thing is huge and will easily hold many kids.  The fabric is durable and the bag that comes with it is plenty big enough to store the bounce house.
0,Very Happy with end-product. No issues in excellent condition
0,These Wysocki puzzles are the best!
0,Cute and fun kit.
0,Fun game
0,These might be the coolest things we've gotten our son. We got two to put on either side of the entrance to his loft bed. They get turned on at bedtime and the light is soft with a gentle flickering - actually pretty realistic. They automatically turn off after 20 minutes and if he wakes up in the middle of the night he carries one or both through the house to light his way. The twisting on/off mechanism does take a little getting used to, but once you're used to it, it's fine. My son loves them and so do we. We've had no problems with ours working and will likely order more.
0,Love it!
0,great
0,great product love it
0,got these to put in Easter eggs they are super cute she's going to love them!!		*turns out the bunny is missing an arm, poor bunny.
0,Worked perfectly.
0,Again, the Mickey Mouse combo was used for different parts of my yard for my great grandson's birthday.  It was fantastic.
0,I bought this aswellas the Bug Book and Bug Cup for a 7 year old boy.  He loves all these items.  He uses them together and it gets him outside instead of playing video games inside.  I highly recommend
0,Great for young girls around 8 years old.
0,My grandkids love it !!!		They play with it, and share it with their friends.
0,my girl likes these, but the animals will not fit under the bridge or the light tower thing while in the train carts. still a fun toy, just have to take the animals out to go under the bridge.
0,Great Product!  Super Satisfied!!!
0,This is a nice little drone, easy to setup, easy to fly. Recommended for beginners but intermediates will have fun with it too. I purchased extra batteries and a Holy Stone four port charger too, so when you're out in the field flying you don't have to wait for the battery to charge up. I do recommend that you allow around 10 minutes in between flights (Batteries) to let the electronics cool off.
0,Didnt realize these were plastic.  Hard to get the price tag off the bottom but otherwise perfect!!
0,My little one will love this!
0,Nice and good value
0,Great game!
0,My grand daughter just got her first Barbie and trying to buy beautiful not cheesy clothes has been a challenge. This red dress is made well and she loves it. Win win.
0,My review for Sally will be the same as for Franklin, Woodstock, Snoopy. Charlie Brown and Linus.  All of these are well made and painted well.  I love them but they should be for a child who does not put items in their mouth.  These are not too small but small enough for a child to choke on.  My grandson is 6 and he loves them.
0,Must have detail is awesome
0,The cards were perfect in size to add to our regular game, which we've play so much it was getting monotonous.  Nice to have new categories and words to add to the mix!
0,I am very impressed with this doll. It is very well made and very detailed. We have a lot of dolls and action figures and this doll is substantially heavier than any of those. I love how strong they made her. Her legs and arms are very muscled. She is very tall and about 2/3 of her height seems to be her legs. She is very articulated and can stand by herself or sit. She is dressed in black leggings with yellow stitching down the outside of both legs. Her top is a hoodie with ears on top like Batman has in his suit. The hoodie easily folds up or down. In the back it is designed to have her hair pull through it and down her back. The hoodie is a deep royal blue that matches her sleeves. The sleeves reach her elbows and the edges of the sleeves and hoodie have yellow stitching. The front of her top is purple with a shiny bat symbol. She has a yellow utility belt that is removable but stays on well. She has yellow fitted arm bands which can be removed by first removing her hands. Her hands easily pop on and off. She has very detailed yellow boots that even have ridges on the bottom. The boots have slits in the back and easily slip on and off. She has a black face mask and black backpack with bat wings. The backpack also has zipper and pocket details. Her eyes are green and very detailed. Her hair is a shiny burnt orange color and reaches her waist. My daughter asked where her hairbrush was to brush her hair but she does not come with one which I actually like because I think the message of this doll is one of strength which sets her apart from other dolls. She has been such a hit so far that even Big Brother wanted to play with her. Right now she is exclusively available at the bullseye box store so the price listed here is substantially higher than the retail price.
0,As expected
0,Barbie collection with a nice pink dress pompous.
0,Great offer Thanks
0,My son loves this!!
0,Lego Chima, I bought for my Nephew who's 13yrs old.  He just love it,  he loves Lego sets.
0,The picture and the box can be a bit confusing and make it look like this puzzle is your typical square puzzle; it isnt. Yes its only about 550 pieces, but because its in the shape of a tigers head it is a bit more complicated than your standard puzzle, and the finished product is very eye-catching.	The colors on the pieces are vibrant, and the pieces are nice and thick and don't peel. Every piece was in perfect condition right out of the box. The little fun facts sheet is a nice tough for kids, and even cat loving adults. Nice enough to hang on the wall, if you're into displaying puzzles.
0,Great addition to the Modulus!!!
0,Granddaughters loved it
0,Kids love it
0,An awesome and fun set for any little one that loves girly things. Hair and makeup is always on point!
0,Super cute, very detailed kitchen. My 5 year old loves it! Much better than plastic play kitchens. I read it takes 3 hours to assemble and that is true!  My husband is very handy, we were certain we could get it done in an hour..... Wrong!  It took us the 3 hours! It was worth it in the end because it's sturdy and super cute.
0,we just love them
0,When you need to slap some balls without getting punched these are your balls!!!! No injuries to future babies.
0,This gundam has it all, the Gatling gun, opening missile packs everywhere, and the extra arm attachment to creat the battle scene with Zechs in Antarctica.		Easy but fun to build.	Not the tv version but an endless waltz version (I like it better).	Only real trouble is the guns ammo feed is a pain (needs glue) and attaching the gun to the hand.		Really solid joints and stands like a boss with gun and all.		Top five gundams in looks and build for sure.
0,My puzzle-pro sister and I really enjoyed this Sunsout shaped puzzle.  As usual, the curved border wasn't as easy as the straight-cut, but could be separated into smaller components.		The pieces were very loosely fitted, even by Sunsout standards, so we had to build sections either in place or on transfer cards.		At the end, we made a ritual of counting the bunnies and birds.
0,Nut-job Lego-loving parent here. Ignore my star rating. I don't get free Lego for these reviews...		This set came out in 2013, replacing set&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/5609/dp/B001XUS9PO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">5609</a>&nbsp;from 2008. Lego released this set in the U.S. on August 1st and the MSRP is $110. It is always wise to crosscheck with the Lego site.		There are many great train sets for kids out there; I think this is one of the best. The set includes a battery operated engine (3 AA batteries, not remote control, uses a push-button start), two cars, a swiveling overhead crane, a trackside building with load tipper, a truck, and a filling station. There are 20 curves, 5 straights, and a large, four-piece bridge. The bridge permits a figure-8 layout. The engine is motorized in only one direction and makes sounds (engine noise, horn, brakes) and it gurgles when the fill spout is connected to it. This set and 10507 include the engine auto-stop function which turns off the engine after 2 minutes. This helps save batteries because kids often forget to turn off their toys. Owners of earlier Duplo engines, please note: Lego has removed the sensor that stopped the engine if it was lifted off the track or hit an obstruction.		There is great flexibility to the set with nice extras and good colors. The train cars include a tipper wagon and what might be called a short gondola car, but these can all be mixed and matched in different ways. You can turn them into flat cars. You can take the cabs from the engine and crane and create a passenger car. You can take the crane and build a nifty crane car. You can take the dumper from the building and put it on a flat car, or the back of the truck to create a dump truck. Similarly, the track can be raised up on Duplo bricks to create a raised railway. Some families create little roller coasters out their track. It really is great stuff and if you treat it properly, it can last to the next generation.		The bridge is a great part of the set. In the past, the bridge was an expensive accessory (see&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/3774/dp/B00097E4A6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">#3774</a>). The one thing I would have liked included is the trestle that used to come with the bridge; the trestle provided for a stronger join between the two tracks that form the top of the hump. It is okay the way it is in this set. There are three mini figures in the set, all of them boys. Lego seems stuck in a strange gender time warp.		It is worth buying the accessory set #10506, which includes a crossing, two switches, eight turns, five straights, and a track design booklet. It is a pretty good deal at $19.99. This set is completely compatible with earlier Duplo and Dacta trains.		"Why a Duplo train? They're so expensive!" We have lots of different trains in our house and we actually started out with a good size wooden train collection before stumbling on Duplo (if you click through my name and click on "Guides", you'll find my guide to wooden train sets). I like all trains and I associate wooden trains with early childhood. That said, if I were pressed to recommend a single early-childhood train, I would recommend Duplo. Duplo trains have been the most flexible and long-lived for the early age bracket. Duplo has an earlier age-safety limit (2 years) versus many of the wooden trains (that start at 3), and is easy for little hands to manipulate. Yet the building flexibility of Lego means that the system remains interesting even as kids move out of the recommended age range (into age 7 and 8). Kids can create their own engine and car designs AND use the same blocks to build towns, etc. So it is longer-lived, encourages more creativity, and is a durable, well-designed toy.		As to the cost, Duplo may seem expensive at first glance, but keep in mind that the mass-market trains (like Thomas the Tank Engine) are slippery slopes that hook kids on collecting large numbers of $10 and $15 engines and cars. You can tell yourself that you won't spend more than X amount, and then your child begins that slow, unceasing erosion of your will.		If you expect to use this train on shag carpet, you will have difficulty keeping the track together. The same holds for wooden train track. Low-pile carpet is not a problem.		So that there is no confusion, Lego also has a train system for regular size Lego. You can learn more about that system by clicking through my name and choosing the guide tab. The regular size trains are probably best for age 7 and up (give or take depending on your child).		One last comment: I recommend the 32 qt Sterlite Clearview boxes for storing all of this stuff. A lot of the fun of a Duplo train is building new layouts, so it is important to have an easy way for kids to clean it all up after a few days of play. The 32 qt bins are not so deep that parts get lost down at the bottom, and the bins are stackable or can be tucked under a bed. They are often on sale at major retailers. I'll say no more.		Cheers
0,I got this free or discounted in exchange for my honest review and opinions I am highly a fan now of this brand. I now have the whole set and I am loving not worrying about what chemicals my children are digesting every time I hear the containers up or what runs off into their food. This lunchbox even has 3 sections when you put the two dividers in it and it has its own silverware with a wrap around them it's perfect size for my soon to be preschooler and I love how she can't lose the silverware I can use the elastic wrap to put in her bag. It won't take up much room at all I reccomend this product
0,Granddaughter loves it!
0,I am very happy with the quality of these beach balls as they hold up well for my 16 month old son, however they are only about 9-11" across when blown up so I was very disappointed when they arrived. Some of them are also not perfectly round, which is fine for their purpose. That being said, I think they are still a good value as long as you know what to expect. We have a few blown up in the house and I keep a couple in my purse so when we are out at playgrounds and parks I can easily have one ready to play with. Because they are so inexpensive I do not mind leaving them there if other kids end up playing with them and have them when we are ready to leave. I always see other parents having to gather up all of their toys and end up having to take them from another kid who is enjoying them so these are great for avoiding that situation. For that reason I will probably order these again when we run out, if my son is still as interested in balls by then as he is now.
0,Great Nephew was so happy with such LARGE dinos - I win with his smile!
0,Cute
0,This little ride-on is so cute!  Grandson loves it!
0,My son love his land rover vehicle. He has many bruder toys and they always seem to be very durable! I had to make one slight modification to this jeep... I had to super glue the black bar that holds the police light. This prevents the light from popping off so easy. Make sure you do not glue down the light and just the black bar to the roof because you may need to change the batteries in the future. The light snaps into the black bar and only needs to be removed to change the batteries. His light bar no longer pops off the roof!
0,As expected
0,Love it ....Nice on time and Good quality
0,Our little boy loves this! We always have it with him and it's easy for him to hold onto. He's almost 4 months and has had it since Christmas. Ours is red and white. Adorable!
0,As everyone else has pointed out:	 - Chi in the books is gray	 - the amazon photo is greenish gray	 - the actual figures are pure green		They are still adorable and fun to play with, but they look even less like Chi than the photo.  Be warned, but don't be deterred.  The quality is not great, but it's fine for a toy.  My daughter is a huge fan of Chi and loves these despite the shortcomings.
0,Works well so far.  The original battery lasted a long time.
0,Bought this for rainy days at the lakehouse.  It is by far the most played with toys from ages 2 to 92.  Seriously, this set is a crowd-pleaser and it captures the kids attention for 30 mins or more for ages 5-10.  The 2-4 y/o enjoy it but for less time; devt normal.
0,Purchased this for 2.5 year old granddaughter.  She needs help putting it together but loves the idea that it is Sofia's carriage.  I also purchased the Sofia Lego Castle.  You cannot go wrong purchasing Lego products.
0,Love this game! It was $25 at the store but found it here for only $6.50. Great job Amazon, keep it up!
0,Just enough stimulation -- lights, colors and music.  And the music is actually pleasant as opposed to so many of the baby toys we have!
0,I bought the older version of this pirate ship about 4 years ago for my oldest son. I now have 3 sons and they have all played with this ship and love it! It has many great features and I appreciate that the pirate figures actually stand up on their own (prevents a lot of frustration). Great value. I would highly recommend this toy, especially if your child is really into pirates. You can't go wrong!
0,These are adorable they will fit my neice's little kitchen perfectly. They are so much larger in person than you expect I was surprised.
0,These are great Halloween handouts for kids who can't do candy.
0,Gr8 toy! My 3 year old loves it!
0,Excellent gift for someone who has everything. Cute good quality socks, lots of fun for all ages.
0,Awesome color and detail. Excellent!
0,I love Melissa & Doug products and these floor puzzles are no different. The pieces are big, the material is strong and the colors are vivid. It's a fun puzzle to sit and put together with my son and a great tool to talk about ocean life and the planets.
0,I got mine S.H.FiguartsSuper Saiyan God Super Saiyan Son Goku in today 11/30/15	picked up a few somewhere else didn't get them here on Amazon	well it turns out that Bandai shf web exclusives us versions won't be carrying the brown shipper box	I thought it would of just been for ultimate Gohan but seems that from now on the rest of the US versions won't be carrying them	that s#cks I already got a few others pre-ordered so that's messed up	some people don't care but I do	so from here on out I won't be pre-ordering from us retailers anymore Imma have to be getting the import versions instead		Standard SHF window packaging	Standard SHF articulation		similar body mold as some previous figures with some minor altercations		really digging the paint application on this gi	Accessories	 2 SSGSS faceplates	Total of 4 pairs of interchangeable hands	1 Instant Transmission hand	1 normal head piece		If you're a fan of DBZ ,SHF, action figures ,or whatever it's a great addition	Posted some pictures hope it helps		eventually imma get it imported version just knowing the fact that I have the satisfaction of having it with the brown shipper box	Goku: [chuckles] It's a little more complicated than that. You don't have the patience for the full story, so let's say I got a taste of something called Super Saiyan God, and now I've learned to tap into that power on my own.
0,My daughter got this for her birthday and loved it! She spent the next day making headbands with the tape that comes with the kit. This kit only lasted her 1/2hour to 1 hour. However, it was nice to get her doing an activity that is creative. She loves the headbands she made and even wears them to school. I ended up buying a few more of these kits for birthday gifts to give to her friends.
0,Came in a cute, pink gift box, and was perfect for gifting.  The little purse is included and is a plus.  We had to buy some holiday gold sparkle shoes separately, but for $11.95, I'm not complaining.  My girls received two of these outfits for their American Dolls so that they would have something "special" to wear to a holiday tea.  I have to say, the American Dolls looked very lovely and were perfectly behaved in their finery.  The human kids?  That's another review for another time.
0,This is one of Revoltech's best figures by far, Mothra's distinct and vibrant color scheme is perfectly captured in this lovely posable piece. It's difficult to make a Mothra action figure that displays well, but Kaiyodo have nailed it with this rendition of Mothra - the giant Moth Kaiju.		Highly recommended for adult collectors, but try to find it for RRP.
0,This is a huge hit with the kids and with me as well. They love making the molds, then tossing them into the garbage truck and pushing the truck to get "garbage" to pop out of the bottom of the truck. This toy held the kids' attention for a long time.
0,ok
0,I ordered this puzzle to use in my classroom this school year.  I read the reviews before deciding, and noticed people complained it was difficult to put away.  So when I got the puzzle I put it together to make sure all the pieces were there.  Then I put it away.  When we do this at school, I teach my students to put the large edge pieces in first, then start from the left (west in this case) and work right.  When you do this, there is PLENTY of room in the box to store all the pieces.  Then, of course for my purposes, it is organized for my next use ;).  The only problem I have is that a few of the states have bent edges, most notably Missouri and South Carolina.  I teach multiply disabled teens so if they can learn to put a puzzle back in an orderly fashion so can you, and your children.  This method also prevents bending and the puzzle last longer. This will be a great addition for discussions in our classroom.  It is more visually interesting than my old US puzzle, with larger print, pictures and brighter colors.  I have always had good luck with things from Melissa and Doug.
0,the whole family had lots of fun with this project. It was packed away for awhile and then brought out to have just as much fun as the first time.
0,everything as expected.
0,nice product, thanks
0,I have three little girls in the house from 2-6, so there was a lot of excitement when this came in the mail.  We also happen to have a little baby right now and they would always circle around me and love watching him get a bath.  So the next time I went to go bathe baby I pulled this out and they had SUCH a blast basically copying me with their little dolls.  Highly recommend!
0,This set really inspires play with my toddler granddaughters.  Very durable and great quality! They love their Learning Resources products!
0,Just received these and haven't quite gotten to test them out but they look durable and very vibrant. I purchased these for my 8 month son. The packaging says 3+ but I believe he will enjoy playing with them and later stringing them when he's a little older.
0,We bought this for my two-and-a-half-year-old, and it quickly become his favorite toy. The fact that it can be used a single truck loaded with cars, or separated into several elements, helped keep him busy for long stretches, and he loved the lights and noises. Now that he's three-and-a-half, he has new favorites, but he still enjoys playing with it.
0,This was a hit with my 10 year old nephew. He has been using the darts that came with the gun, as well as the trillion nerf brand darts that he already had laying around the house. I also want to mention that this Amazon price was the best one I found for this particular one Nerf Zombie Sling Fire Blaster. Much more expensive in the store.
0,Highest quality mini farm animals I have ever seen, and trust me, I've seen a LOT of them.
0,This helped my 2yr be a bit less scared of the doctor.
0,This was for my daughter and she just loves it! Looks just like the pikman from the Wi-U game! We've had it for a few months and so far hasn't fallen apart
0,My 6-year-old and 2-year-old loved this!  It's fun for them to see the different designs and the spinner is easy to use even for my 2-year-old.  It's nice that it is simple, doesn't require batteries, and can be cleaned easily.  The paint washed off of hands easily.  When we run out of paper, I will just cut new paper the same size to continue using the product, and buy more paint as necessary, but so far a little goes a long way with the paint.
0,perfect
0,Niece loves it!
0,This sensory sand came as described. I have a 2 and 3 year old that played for hours once we received the sand. The sand molds really well and we use about 30 pounds in their sand table they currently have. So, we had a few extra bags to make up for what spills out on the ground. I would definitely recommend this item.
0,Excellent quality and very strong magnets. I rate this the same as for the higher priced magnets, of which I had purchased previously. Will definitely be getting another set. The more the children build the more pieces we need.
0,Zoobs are a good addition for any builder.  My son LOVES to build, we have lots of different building sets.  We now own three sets of Zoobs.  This one, the 75 piece, and the fast track.  This set gives you plenty to start with and maybe not even add further to.  The 75 piece is a little small for a starter.  The fast track is nice to add wheels to an existing set.		pros-	Zoobs are really great, you can build tons of things, they move, they are chunky which helps little hands.  They are a different type of building toy at a really great price and go on sale often.  The zoobs stay together and do not fall apart unless you are trying to dismantle it, this is great for builders that might knock their piece over.  The clicking noise the toy makes when moving or bending is perfect for kids and not annoying to adults.  This toy appeals to all age levels.  The mini booklet of ideas has a very cool and detailed dinosaur build in it and it shows you how intricate the zoobs can be, we are still on necklaces and cell phones. :)		Cons-	The container with this set is top heavy so spills happen.  The toy is a little tough to pull apart.  It is not as hard as trying to get a little tiny Lego off another Lego, but it is a little tough.  Children will get the hang of it just like they did when they started pulling apart Legos.		You should try this toy if you are looking for a new building set.  We have Magformers, superstructs, Tinkertoys, quercetti, all different Legos, wedgits, and blocks.  These are up there on the list of toys my 5 and 7 year old will play with.  They did not fall flat as some other building toys did.  Great gift too.
0,If you buy the ECX Torment 4WD Short Course RTR Truck (1/8 Scale) then you will also want to buy this charger as it takes the charger that	comes with the truck takes nine hours to charge and the car only runs for one hour. This battery cuts the charging time down to one hour, making it much more fun to play with this vehicle.
0,Cute :)
0,It's actually larger than I'd expected by quite a bit! I'm going to be holding my Superfight in this, but if it works out (and I think it will), I'll be ordering more cases for my Dominion cards, too.
0,This is a fun game for all ages!  We play it with adults and our kids.  We have a great time!
0,My 5 year old loves this game! The game is pretty simple using the blocks, each contestant recreates the picture on the card. The first one to build the structure earns a point. The game is rather simple focusing on building and hand-eye coordination.  The game includes colored rectangular blocks, cards with various pictures using the blocks and tokens.
0,Hopefully it is better made than it looks.  It is cute but the sound could be much louder and clearer.  Grandaughter loved it anyway.
0,I purchased the playground, patio set, and the family pets as additions to  the dollhouse, families, and furniture I bought as a Christmas gifts.  The verbal skills and imagination of my niece has increased because of the interaction with the toys.  She will sit and play for hours with her families by herself.  She enjoys their adventures.
0,Our grandson loves this but we had to wrap plastic bubble wrap around the metal handle as we were concerned about him hitting his mouth when he fell which is often given this product is for babies learning to walk.
0,sleeves are always good
0,Good quality.
0,Love It!! Great for kids and adults! Even my friends purchased this shark for their kids after playing with it.
0,kids had a lot of fun with this
0,Pretty nice.  I can see where the Lat/Long lines don't quite line up, but its very very insignificant.  Very nice globe for my son.
0,Great card!  Bought this card to create a chaos deck for my son to play with.  He loves it!
0,Very cute.
0,cute
0,Perfect for the kid who loves Octonauts!
0,My son loves this!!!
0,Legos  are always a good choice for our boys. They have loved Legos for some time but the Chima Legos was a great hit for them.
0,This little unicorn is even more adorable than the picture!  It's well-made and incredibly soft. It's the perfect size for little arms to hug and snuggle with!
0,My son loves it! So cool, so fun!
0,Adorable! Grandkid love it! Melissa & Doug quality and cuteness.
0,Wonderful product for kids! We bought these and the LED ones for night use. The kids loved them and after 2 weeks of continual use, the stomp rockets have held up. Very durable
0,6 mo cannot stop chewing and banging these around! The rings are bright and colorful; our daughter loves them! She throws them around... they are soft and light so she cannot herself. Very good and well-thought product. Arrived on time and in good condition.
0,Great product.
0,Granddaughter loves it!  It's like a real guitar so she can imatiate Grandpa and play along with him. The strap on the guitar is one of the biggest pluses.  Has all the items found on reall guitar so she can learn and explore and get ready for real one when she is older!  She is two.
0,As described - thanks.
0,Bumblebee Voice Mixer Helmet is amazing! If you wanna really feel like the Autobot hero this is a perfect addition for any transformer fan. The helmet is constructed very well with great durability and covers the head from front to back. The helmet can make cool battle phrases from the radio like Bee does in the movie while also having a button to make your voice sound like Bumblebee himself. It also has a third button for transformation sounds. The helmet is very durable with an adjustable strap to fit any size head whether you're a child or adult. Bumblebee Role Play Helmet is great for a child to live out battle scenes for awesome fun while being perfect to use with a halloween costume for adults who want to be the Autobot hero for a day/evening. This is an overall solid,comfortable to wear,realistic looking,Role Play Helmet that is perfect for all ages of transformer fans. Bottom line Bumblebee Voice Mixer Helmet is a well-made,high quality,10 out of 10 transformer product that all fans will enjoy. I highly recommend Bumblebee Voice Mixer Helmet to all transformer fans and collectors out there. Transformers Rule!!!
0,To explain the game is basically right there in the name.  Flux, well minus the extra 'x'.  The basic idea is that as the game starts the cards themselves modify the game rules, from how many items you hold in your hand,how many are drawn, etc.  This allows the game to be quite repayable, and it's simple enough that a 7-8 year old will be able to grasp it (but will probably be a bit too advanced for anyone below that).		Flux itself has lots of different sets, this set is specifically the 5.0 set which as the name also implies is the 5'th generation of the game.  There are also themed packs of cards (holiday, zombie, Cartoon Network, etc), as well as expansion packs and special new cards.		It's a fun game that is also small (essentially just a bit larger than a deck of cards), so easily to throw in the bag and play on trips, etc.
0,These are very cute, but somewhat large for my three year old.
0,Perfect ! Looks just like the pic. Small Lego boba fett, doesn't come with Lego logo tag though.which was fine by me.
0,I have put together 20+ metal earth models by now and I love them. They are fun to put together and great to look at. I decorated my cubicle at work and all my colleagues love them as well. The tie-fighter was a bit of a challenge. The round cockpit is very hard to put together and it's pretty much impossible to get the tiny guns to sit firm underneath the cockpit. After a while one of them came out and it was impossible to put it back in...		All other models are awesome and fun to put together. The falcon was my first model and there was a bit of a learning curve having to curve the pieces until they were just right. I'm worried about the satellite dish though as i couldn't get it to sit firm and it wobbles around.
0,Fun and well designed. The bubbles go up and not to the floor or ground.
0,Great product wish I would have bought more when they were on sale
0,My three year old little friend was entertained for quite a while. And then a little later decided to do it again. The pieces fit in so well her tiny fingers could replace the pieces quickly, which was apparently more fun than getting the pieces out.
0,Exactly as expected. Perfect for little hands.
0,3 plates for Dulplo sized blocks.		One large rectangle and 2 square plates. Bigger than what is included in the sets.		Performs as expected.
0,kids love
0,These were for my small niece and well she has a lot of Barbie dolls and now those dolls have just too much shoes.
0,my 3 y/o loved this game so much she wanted her innotab every day now...b4 I got her this cartridge she was getting a bit bored w/ the innotab as she's already played w/ most of the downloaded games and e-stories...but w/ this new cartridge she kept going over the stories over and over again...		I'm glad it entertained her...when she's happy I'm happy...
0,These are out of production (to our understanding) and hard to find.  If you are on the fence about it, you have GOT to buy this product.  Perfect for Cinderella obsessed kid.
0,Great find.  I bought this  box to add to another box of this same duplos which I had bought 2 years ago to give my little one some more bricks that did not include any more duplo figures.  I see some reviewers complaining that this is a fake however the box of duplos I received were exactly the same quality,  in the same box (yes, I kept the orignal box)  and looked idential  to  the ones I had bought years ago.  I could not tell the bricks apart.  Glad I took a chance and ordered these, despite the negative reviews.
0,Great, same as pictured.
0,I wish I could give 4 and a half stars because I really love this product and don't want to give it four stars but there are a couple of flaws.  One, the lid.  It is just not secure.  There needs to be a latch of some kind on it.  The ants (and they are very cool might I add) work together to try to lift the lid and I guess they can't but I wouldn't underestimate these guys!  We ended up putting a weight on it.  Even so, if it ever tipped, the lid would just easily fall off and the ants would escape.  Also:  I don't think the light is all that helpful.  It looks cool from afar, but it doesn't help you see the ants.  The best thing to do is to turn the light off and put them under a desk lamp.  Okay, that's it for the negative.  I bought this for my 10 year old and we are all loving it.  They say you can put any ants in it, but I STRONGLY suggest you go with theirs.  They provide super cool ants that are bigger than your garden variety and very active.  They are worth the small cost...by far.  The gel is wonderful.  I can't stress enough how much you do not want to feed these guys.  They are smart and active and I think they would bite if we opened up their enclosure to feed them:)  Do follow their short instructions and refrigerate the ants prior to putting them into the habitat.  They are truly "dormant" for a bit and you can easily pour them into their home without fear of them biting you.  I have been bitten by ants years ago, and I know it doesn't hurt much, but even so...chill them out:)  Even with the lid issues and the lackluster light remarks, I love this thing so much that I am giving it 5 stars. It is extremely cool.  Buy it, buy it, buy it.
0,We loved it! I used it for the indoor egg hunt for our 9month old son's first Easter. He had a blast looking for these eggs. Some reviews said it was difficult to open, for us it only took awhile to figure out how to properly open it, for our baby he can easily open it. He loved the eggs & that's all that matters. It arrived on time & it was a good buy. Will buy more next time!		Attached are photos of our boy enjoying egg hunting. It was a good & fun exercise for him.
0,it was bought for my son for his birthday. he loves it
0,Awesome
0,I picked this up at Target for under 30 dollars and that is about the right price for this toy. I might have spent a little bit more because it IS durable, super cute and sturdy but be aware if the price gets too crazy, this item probably ISN'T worth over 50 dollars. The set has what is pictured here and looks exactly like the photos online. What you see is what you get and I consider that a good thing. When I bought the toy in person, the box was sealed so I couldn't see anything but the doll. I wasn't disappointed with the contents because the furniture is good quality, though I did expect more stuff to be inside.		The addition of Clawdeen certainly bumps up the value of this set a lot. Her style is a little tamer in this version of the doll and though her outfit is understated here (understated for Clawdeen anyway) and she still looks very pretty and chic. I like the striped purple dress, the gold belt and jewelry and sensible "work" shoes...which to Clawdeen translates to high-heel sneakers. Her hair texture is a straighter style that is easy to manage and came out of the package gorgeous. She also has a natural looking hair color here.		I don't have that many Clawdeen dolls but this particular one really grew on me and she has been the star of a few photo shoots. In a way, I like her better than the flashier Clawdeen dolls. Her makeup is glamorous with shimmery lavender eye-shadow and this looks a lot softer and more delicate and really brings out the beauty of the doll. Clawdeen usually has a wild and freaky-fab style but the good thing about this doll is that her makeup and hair are versatile and look good with many other outfits. You can dress this doll up or dress her down and that isn't so much of an option with some of the other "wild" Clawdeen dolls.		I am a grownup collector and I make doll clothing, furniture, houses and doll scenes as a hobby. It always helps to have extra furniture and pieces. This set was a great addition. The furniture is made from hard plastic and doesn't fall apart. The coffin coffee table and the counter/cash register parts need some assembly, especially if it is for a small child. The set has some accessories but if you want a complete play-scene you probably will end up adding a few things like I did.		The only complaint I have about this set (though I won't remove a star for it because I liked it so much) was that the "Coffin Bean" only came with furniture and NO actual building. This is okay because the box and online photos are honest but it would have been nice to have a background for a coffee shop style setting. I did have to make a background to make it look more like a coffee shop. Oh well...it IS a cute set and it was worth the price I paid. The furniture looks creepy-cute and I got some fun pictures. I also have used the furniture in other spooky doll scenes so I have gotten a lot of use out of it. If you can find this item for a good price, it IS very good quality and is 100% worth the money!
0,I brought a pack of these to a family reunion as one more thing to keep the kids occupied while the adults mingled. They were popular and work great. I tried one out myself and they are super easy to get to make bubbles. The slower you go with the wand, the bigger the bubble. I recommend having a bulk jug of bubble solution on hand though because the little ones aren't always good at keeping these upright. They also don't stand up on their own, so they are really most appropriate for kids around 5 and up who will cap them before putting them down. We had one little girl of about 3 who flat out just poured one out onto the ground without much thought. So, keep watch over the youngest kids and be prepared to re-fill.
0,This went together quickly. It took under an hour to sort all the pieces and snap them together. So the puzzle-building aspect of this puzzle is not very exciting. The good part is the finished product. It is perfectly spherical, and shiny, and pretty, and sturdy. If you put it on a coffee table, people will notice it. They will pick it up and handle it. They will say things like, "It's a puzzle? Really?"		I had a spherical puzzle one time before. Someone sent it to me for Christmas several years ago. It was awful. It crumbled as you built it. This one doesn't crumble. The pieces are made out of some kind of magical material that hold their shape, and hold together firmly. It's really cool.
0,My son has recently become a fan of Dora and Diego so I decided to get him the Swyper. The toy is very small. I guess I expected bigger. But my son loved it. The toy did not last in my household a day because my son decided to pull of his tail. In overall good toy.
0,Lonpos 101 Pyramid & Rectangle Game arrived, and I was up to the challenge it claimed. ...Or, so I thought! I soon found I would not even be able to quickly put the puzzle pieces back in the case, without the help of the instruction booklet. Definitely a bit more challenging than what I expected. However! This created the challenge that us puzzle lovers salivate for.		The puzzle game is complete with a full color, and color coded, instruction manual. This book is great. It starts you off on a road to guaranteed success, then walks you slowly through more challenging problems, until you finally reach a point that you feel stumped. When you get to this point will depend on your skill, logic, and ability to solve problems.		You are encouraged to start with the 2D puzzles, to get a feel for it, and to help you learn how the instructions work, and how the pieces work together and mastery is accomplished. There are 12 level 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 & 6 - 2D games. You then complete 4 more "CHALLENGE" puzzles in the 2D stage to complete this level. That is 76 games in 1 right there ... but you have only JUST begun!		Once you have completed all of those, you are then taken into the 3D novice level. These puzzles you best get correct, as it says that even a child in kindergarten would be able to complete them. When you start there will only be one piece not accounted for in the color coded instructions. This gets you set up to solve the problem for that puzzle. Since there is only one piece to place on your own, you will have these done in no time, and thus get a feel for how the pieces work together in a pyramid format. There are 6 puzzles at the beginner (level 1) level.		Now you will encounter 6 pyramid puzzles in 3D, at the level 2 stage. These leave you with 2 pieces at the problem solving stage. A bit more difficult, but quite easily attainable.		Once you have completed that set, you move on to level 3, where you will face 6 new puzzles, each with 3 problem solving pieces to place. Now it is getting tougher. This will take some thinking, some patience, and some trial and error. You will make it through if you are persistent, but that is not to say it will be easy. Once you have mastered them though, you will probably find yourself going back and repeating them again and again.		Don't rush through that level 3 set, if you know what is good for you! Because, once those are done, it is time for the challenge! Next you encounter 7 challenge level puzzles, that will mark your heroism when they are completed. You start with 5 pieces to place, to solve the problem and work your way to challenge puzzle number 7, where you have 10 unknown problem pieces to master and place!		When we got to this set of problem puzzles, we went through a few pots of coffee, and a few mind resting breaks, before coming to completion of them all. Just when you think you have it as it goes, and go to place the last couple of pieces, you find that won't work at all... and have to start the problem solving portion of the piece placement all over again. A couple of them caused some frustration, but not to a level of despair, only mind boggling for a bit, and made us even more determined to finish before calling it a night.		After solving those last 7, you will be ready to move on to the next in the series of Lonpos puzzles; Lonpos 202, 404 or 1881. You may wish to purchase some hair dye, prior to moving on, so you are ready for the aftershock of those!		This game packs a lot of punch into a small case! It has proven itself to be a true challenge and a lot of fun! I would definitely recommend it for all puzzle lovers, challenge seekers and logical people. I would not recommend it for the puzzle whimps out there, or for young children. The instructions recommend this for ages 8 and up, and I agree. Even some 8 year old children may find it a bit too difficult, but they will grow into it and have fun with the challenge on the way.		The Lonpos 101 Pyramid & Rectangle Game comes in its own locking plastic case, which is very strong and durable. This case serves as the playing board for the puzzles, and has rounded indents to hold the pieces in place. This makes it a great travel game! The pieces are plastic as well, and the game in complete form is very lightweight, so it will not only fit inside your purse, it will not be heavy to carry either. The instruction booklet fits inside the case nicely, so it can always be kept with the game. It also comes in a box, that makes it perfect for gift giving and adds another layer of protection for the case when storing or transporting.		This is one I STRONGLY recommend adding to your puzzle list. Excellent to give as a gift to puzzle lovers. (Especially if they claim to be 'the master' of puzzles!) This one is sure to add some stumped time to their day! After completing the 76 preset 2D puzzles and the 25 preset 3D puzzles there are still, according to the inventor, another 360,905 2D and another 2,557 3D puzzles to be solved on this one game! You can set these yourself, have others set them for you, or go to [...] who set fresh 2d and 3d problems each week. Hundreds of thousands of these have sold in Europe and the Far East, since the launch of it approximately 2 years ago. Now it is making its debut in the USA and is showing great success as well. Once you experience this game, you will see why it has been so popular. Not only is it well priced, it is one that lives on and will be cherished for many moons to come, as you add to your Lonpos collection, adding higher levels as you go!
0,LOVE THIS LITTLE KITCHEN. We were a little apprehensive as the box came a bit damaged...but upon inspection, everything was in perfect shape. It took a while to get together...but it has been my daughters favorite toy so far.
0,granddaughter loved this
0,I bought this for my 6 year old grandson. he LOVES Dr. Seuss,so this was a great find! A lot of stickers too!
0,good game to play with young and older children.
0,This really is a great gift for any child ~9 months and older up to about 2 1/2. It's well built and it keeps my niece occupied for hours.		It's what you would expect from LeapFrog- a great product at a reasonable price with quality construction.		It was easy to open and set up.
0,Exactly as advertised.
0,Works as described.
0,Beautiful furniture! I love how interactive it is. The fridge, hutch, oven.. everything opens! Makes pretend play much easier for the kids.		The kitchen also happens to be the only set of the 5 I purchased that has held up to the abuse from my 2 and 4 yo. None of the pieces have broken. So I guess if you were only going to buy one set, this would be a good choice.		We skipped the dining room set because the table and chair included in the kitchen set would barely fit in the Victorian Dollhouse kitchen so we're using it as our dining room furniture. :)
0,9 year old son had hours of joy with this.  Challenging enough to be absorbing yet easy enough for a 9 year old.		The models are intricate and well detailed, you can only make one model at a time however, if you are building a town then you might consider buying 3 one for each model which covers a Christmas and 2 birthdays or something like that.  Really good.
0,Love the detail on Cap
0,Niece loved Julia!
0,This is such a great set for the price.  Even though it only comes with 3, the minifigures are awesome.  Falcon and Crossbones are sweet.  Crossbones little jeep is an easy/fun build and looks great when finished.
0,It's smaller than it looks in the pictures.  But this is a great toy. Very durable, my 2 year old and 5 year old both love it. The track folds up nicely and has a space that stores all the extras, and you can put a few little trains in too. It's every easy for a 5 year old to put together. My son has problems with fine motor but has no problems putting this together alone. Matchbox cars also work on this track so lots of fun all around.
0,Kids love it
0,Hours of fun for my 3 year old
0,My first graders just love this.  I try to do it every spring.
0,Fun way to spend an evening with the family!
0,Gift for my daughter for Christmas; they love it! They've spend a lot of creative time drawing and enjoying the stencils and then creating on their own as well. Wonderful creative play.
0,Every time a friend or family member has a new baby I get one of these.  They've changed over the years but they are universally loved, and smell wonderful.
0,:)
0,my son loved it
0,Great to teach clock
0,Played this for the first time at our Thanksgiving get together.  Immediately had to purchase this game. It kept us all entertained for hours. Our players ranged from ages 6 years old to 65 and everyone was laughing and having fun the entire time. The game looks stupid and boring but it is complete opposite. Best game ever.
0,Cute and adorable and my daughter loved them.
0,Excellent! My grandchildren loved it.  He and the others took the place of Barbie in the doll house. Played for hours...
0,Perfect!!!
0,Awesome!. A must have for RHPS fans.
0,A solid and great-looking upgrade to replace a weak and easily broken stock plastic piece. Highly recommended which I have on both of my Slash 2wd trucks (standard chassis and the other one is LCG) and am getting a pair for my Rustler-all 3 are VXL. These also work great with the RPM a-arms which is another much-needed upgrade. To the low star review that complained these don't fit the nitro Rustler-the description you didn't read clearly says these are for the Electric models, you bought the wrong parts for your truck.
0,We recently had a Max Steel Playdate with a group of friends, ages 5 - 7. It was 5 boys and a girl. The kids were playing with lots of Max Steel action figures, but we also had the Max Steel Turbo Sword out for the kids to play with. They ALL LOVED IT. I mean, what's not to love - it's BIG, it GLOWS and it makes all sorts of fun sounds.		The Max Steel Turbo Sword package actually includes the sword, Steel (who is an alien) and a display stand for Steel. The sword will make sounds and light up when you touch a button. But when you attach Steel, it's even cooler! Just swinging it around will make the sword light up and make sounds.		The sword lights up a fantastic blue. Keep the box handy when attaching Steel, otherwise it might get a little confusing. When the kids took Steel off, I couldn't get him back on until I looked at the box. The easy way to remember is that the narrow part of Steel should be facing the tip of the blade. Then his "arms" attach to the holes on either side of the sword.		Steel also works by himself with encouraging words and sounds. He says things like, "Turbofy Me!" and "Ready When you Are!" You can keep Steel on the sword or you can detach him and put him on his little display stand.		All together, the Max Steel Turbo Sword has 19 phrases and sounds. The sword is made of high-quality plastic. It's handle is black, the "work" around the blade is a pearl white and black and the blade is blue. The sword looks like it has sharp edges, but they are blunt. The tip of the sword isn't extremely pointy, but do remind children to be gentle when playing with others using this sword.		Young kids will love this. I suggest it for ages 5 - 8. I start at 5 so they have the discipline not to actually hit someone with it.		I participated in this sponsored campaign for One2One Network. All opinions stated are my own.
0,I've tried flattening fishing sinkers, and carving out a space to accomodate these in Pinewood Derby cars, but find that drilling a 3/8" hole with a forstner bit to the exact depth to accomodate these cylinders is the absolute best way to add weight a half ounce at a time.  If you drill to the right depth, no messing with wood filler is necessary.  If you want to hide them behind wood filler, drill a 1/16" deeper and putty away.		The weights fit snugly into a 3/8" hole, so gluing is not necessary.  I drill the holes in the bottom rear of the car body (behind the rear axle).  They are quite heavy for their size and since I only needed to add 2 ox. to bring the car's weight to 5 oz., I only needed 4 of the 6 weights provided.		For smaller adjustments, or fine tuning, get the bb's too.  Drill a tad deeper and bury the bb's under the cylinder(s).		These are hard a rock, so don't think you'll be able to cut of file these down...
0,I wasn't sure what to expect looking at the photo, but it's definitely one of my new favorite dart projectile toys.		The construction is fantastic. The plastic is solid and hard with curved edges, the metal parts have the right amount of springiness and smooth edges. The elastic cord is nice and heavy. The darts are a good size not to get lost easily. It does say it won't fire without a dart, and that's not entirely true. I tried it and on the second try, the elastic cord did release.		Aiming- this is very accurate, and has a decent amount of throw. I stepped back 20 feet from the target and after one miss, hit perfectly. The sights are easy to use.		Like any other suction cups, they probably won't stick to most surfaces. The bounce wasn't bad though, they were easy to find and didn't ricochet wildly.		This is a toy, but it's a pretty serious toy. I'm happy with it.
0,Love this little outfit for the doll and it comes with so much Great quality great fit love love love it
0,I bought toy this for my 10 yr old son last Christmas,he loves it. He plays with it all the time.
0,This toy was a big hit with our 3-year-old nephew. The lights and sounds are fun, and the controller is really easy to use. It is a little small, but still very fun. The downsides are the cost (a little high for what you get) and the fact that no little passenger is included for the "back seat."  It has a place for another minion, but none is included.
0,I bought this for my little grandson when he was only a year old.  It took him a while, but he learned to push himself around on it.  It got to the point where he did so many amazing tricks with this thing that if there were an Olympic event for it, he would definitely have won the gold.  He would go top speed towards a desk or a wall, and then turn it just at the right moment and stop in front of it.  His little sister now uses it, and I am buying a separate one for her this Christmas  (or Santa is)  It is a great toy and I highly recommend it.
0,Cool!
0,My 7 year old HP fan loves this game. We bought it as a Christmas gift and spent many days playing with friends and family. Everyone liked it! Its more complicated and enjoyable than regular Clue. May not be as enjoyable for some unfamiliar with the books though.
0,Hard to separate but over all they are great my daughter loved them!!!!  Nice very colorful metallic and just over all nice!!!
0,Great product
0,Another adorable car to add to the little ones' collections.		Each Smart Wheels is appropriately designed.  The police car represents the letter P along with all the sirens and commentary that go with it.		Perfect for little hands, durable and lightweight.
0,One reviewer mentioned that the legs are too narrow for the pre-drilled holes. It was true with ours, and after the front legs were loosely secured I needed to stretch, i.e. gently yet forcefully pull, the rear legs back to line up with the pre-drilled holes. The internal skeleton feels quite sturdy by also has some "give" to allow this to bend as needed. Overall, an issue to be aware of but not overly concerned about.		I'd recommend a drop or two of blue (medium strength) LocTite for the bolts. I just know they're going to loosen up with all the rocking our horse gets, and I don't want to overly tighten the bolts since they're being tightened against relatively soft wood.		The four planks that make up the "platform" under the hose are great. My 20 month old can safely and confidently stand on these while he mounts and dismounts. In fact, mommy and daddy have stood on these and "fake" sat on the horse during the all-important break in and familiarization period. :) I noticed that other rocking horses are lacking a similar platform on which to stand.		I also like that the body of this toy is fairly narrow, so it's easy for a little guy to sit on and isn't going to encourage the kids to grow bow legged like our cartoon cowboy heros.		Lastly, this was yet another toy that my son was tears-streaming-screaming-fit-terrified-of when it first emerged from the box (despite that he was crawling all over the box before I opened it). He had his worst night of sleep yet after laying eyes on it -- nightmares, I'm presuming. So we left it to sit in the corner of the room, pointed out cowboys on horses in his books and in toy catalogs, and gave it a pat every time we walked by it, and often referred to it from a safe distance. After about three days, he warmed up to it, petted it, and finally threw a leg over it. Now he's a regular rodeo rider.
0,Cute little cards
0,I have to agree with another review; the skirt is not as full as the picture. I bought the small for my granddaughter; which fits her well, she's thin but tall, so it is a little short on her, but I'm going to buy her some leggings and a petticoat to make the skirt look fuller. Overall, my granddaughter loves this costume.
0,It's little and cute!
0,Killer bunnies is an amazing game and with each additional booster pack comes more and more fun! I personally own all the boosters and do not regret the purchase. Just be sure to buy them in order as newer cards rely on older ones.		The game as a whole is aimed towards an older audience (Nothing to stop kids from playing it, but I do believe it would be appreciated more by teens/adults) and is wacky fun for hours with tons of replay value especially when you have multiple booster packs.
0,My grandson loves it, great quality material, and good size
0,I like the decoration - exactly as expected; May have been cheaper at Party city but didn't have time to stop there so I am OK with price charged
0,Adorable - just as pictured.
0,just what I thought they would be.
0,Good quality.
0,So cute and fun! I love Melissa and Doug stuff!
0,My son loved it. Very sturdy .HE has probably close to a thousand cards
0,Awesome for Pre K through 1st grade to help kids learn the proper technique to hold crayons and because they are thicker they don't break as easy.
0,very cute, but also very slippery, which can make handling them somewhat more difficult than your standard playing cards. HOWEVER, i enjoy these and used them in a craft project, so form was more important than function in this case :)
0,Perfect gift for a 6-8 year old. Purchased two for bday parties I was attending. And both girls loved the gifts! Great price!
0,We use this for walks with our dogs and for trips to the neighborhood playground. It's cute, relatively easy to assemble, and feels sturdy. Our daughter has really enjoyed the ride so far.
0,My 2 1/2 yr old loves it, and its fun for her to color/paint with results.  Colors are bright, and they dry nicely to reuse.  We use them while traveling, at ball games, restaurants, etc.  The older kids like to play with it too.
0,These would have been awesome, but two of the three eggs were already hatched when I recieved them. This ruined the whole idea of why I purchased them.
0,This is a super awesome party back of balls for your next kids party.  If your kids love Paw Patrol they will really like these balls.  It's hard to find decent gifts for goodie bags, and when one kid gets something cool they others are upset.  Being able to give each child their own ball is awesome.  This is a perfect way to do that.
0,Very good product, recommended 100 %.
0,Love the colors and the designs of the cats but once you take them out they are hard to get back in the container.
0,Good value
0,Thanks the doll is what we expected beautiful
0,purchased this for my 3 1/2 y/o grandson but decided to keep it for his birthday instead of Christmas. It looks great and he plays with it all the time we are at Target. I have no fear he will enjoy it when he gets it this summer.
0,works great
0,This is a great tummy time tool for baby. I would have preferred if this were smaller though. Good quality and very colorful.
0,Fun twist on a classic game
0,Prettiest, most tactical version of Connect Four you'll ever play. Very fun, and due to variable set-up, has a lot of replayability.
0,I ordered this so I could actually make some jewelry. It's great that it's the size that it is, especially since I am turning these into charms. Arrived quickly and without any issues, and in very good condition. Am very happy with the product.
0,Great
0,My daughter loves "Benny"! ( that's what we call it cause the name on the side) Shes' 2 and bounces all over the house. Every easy to set up, pump worked great. Only thing we noticed is that it scuffs easy. It has marks on the nose and feet from where it's hit the walls.
0,Nice figure. The head looks a little bit small but it's still movie accurate.
0,These tutus are so cute! I think they are well made for $1 a piece. They have little fabric flowers glued on them and come individually wrapped. I ordered 2 dozen and used some for goodie bags for my 2 year old daughter's "tutu party." Then I used the rest for decoration. I even used one on the cupcake stand and then put cupcakes on top of it. Super cute! Great buy!
0,Got 2 of these for 2 boys in the house that love Diego. They carry them around all day and stuff little findings in it. It's soft and durable, has two storage pockets, and looks like the real thing.
0,I bought this for my daughter who loves to draw.  She loves to paint as well but it's so messy that we rarely bring out the paints.  These pens are a great alternative.  They're essentially markers with a long pointed paintbrush type tip, so they make lines that expand and curve depending on how she moves the pen, just like a paintbrush.  Great vibrant colors that flow easily and cleans up great.  Would definitely recommend!
0,This is a great set.  The pans are big enough to put a reasonable amount of play food in them, but small enough to use with the Hape gourmet kitchen, which is fairly petite.  The storage rack is great.  My daughter loves these pans and I find them to be good quality and nice-looking.  I like that they look "real" but are lightweight, and it's a nice number and variety of pans.
0,Cute as can be.  Our 18 month old grandson just loves his "baby".
0,Nice fit for my five year old son. They went great with his Transformers Grimlock costume.
0,I was hesitant to purchase this because of some of the reviews that commented on quality of the game. However, I'm really happy I went with my gut instead. The game is fantastic. I didn't find it to be of cheap quality. I definitely recommend purchasing this if you're considering adding it to your game collection.
0,Little tricky to put together. Not that easy to use either. Looks cute though!
0,Excellent service, quality & price. Much loved by Fireman Sam fan. Highly recommended a safe toy
0,I love buying Green Toys for my granddaughter.
0,Grand kids love it.
0,We tested this at work (small company thankfully) by sending it down the hallway.  It's pretty fast and sure took the beating of bouncing off the walls heading down the hall.  Like other reviewers have stated, it's definitely an outdoor toy with ALOT of space needed.  We haven't taken it outside to test, which would be great in our parking lot, but the weather is lousy at the moment.  I do see my 8yo having alot of difficulty trying to keep this thing straight and going.  I too think it would be better geared towards older children and lovers of remote control vehicles.
0,We got this train to put around the Christmas tree, since it was on sale at toys r us we got it figuring my daughter could enjoy it after the holiday's also. The train when we assembled it did not work only because the batteries that came with it were dead. We went out and bought new batteries and started it up. It moves pretty fast and goes forward and backward. It looks really sturdy and I thought it was a great buy. We are happy we bought it because my daughter enjoys using the controller for it and watching it light up and go around the track. I would recommend this train to anyone.
0,So cute, i love noh face and he is a great addition to my collection
0,Good quality and size.
0,I chose this toy as my granddaughter loves anything Disney, especially Minnie & Mickey!	It's a sturdy, well made toy and I would recommend it to anyone whose child is interested in Disney toys.
0,Cute game, but has WAY too many matching cards for little kids. Cut the number of cards down, and it's perfect.
0,Great product beautiful colors in the hair. Cute accesories any 9year will love them.
0,Best bop it extreme xt with both bop it extreme 2 (2002) ever made but I do love the shake it command too well I have the bop it xt carabiner as well !
0,Great for the boys
0,My kids love theirs
0,The manufacturer recommend ages 3 and up. My 11-year old daughter loves My Little Pony though, and Pinkie Pie is her favorite character, so I had to pick this up. She loves it. Just unpack the parts, add AA batteries, turn on both the controller and the scooter, and Pinkie Pie is ready for action. The controller plays music clips and sound effects in addition to maneuvering the scooter. It is amazing how fast that thing can spin, but it has a 4th small wheel to help it make tight turns. The range is good for at least 50 feet, which is about as far as we can see it in our house. My daughter pops Pinkie Pie out of the scooter to play with her hair and generally have fun with her, but likes scooting her around to entertain our cats too. Overall a fun little toy appropriate for MLP fans of just about any age.		~ Kort
0,This larger size Lego base leaves lots of room for building extended scenes.
0,good quality and lots of them!  I used them to decorate my room by hanging from the ceiling and they remained fully inflated.  My grandchildren have been kicking around a couple of them and they're really holding up to the abuse.
0,I have gotten into Geocaching and my great nephews, age 3 and 4, are into pirates. We were going to visit them on the east coast for a week so I made them treasure chests made by Melissa and Doug which we hid. I loaded them down with a compass, magnifying glass, Diego gloves and doubloons. I took these maps and on the backside I drew/colored maps of their house and yard, one was of their local parks and then I drew maps of some of the Geocaches were going to search for. I had enough and more to make duplicates so they would each have one. We put a black X where they treasures should be. They were a huge hit. The boys loved discussing the maps before we went on a particular search. It was a great learning moment of using maps, learning north, south, east and west and having great fun.
0,Very nice set of pencils, they color beautifully in adult coloring books, especially for very intricate coloring.  However if coloring larger areas, they do take a lot more time to blend so start/stop lines are not visible, but it can be done.  (I'd recommend using Primascolor pencils for coloring books with mermaids, fairies, ect...)		I tested them against Crayola, Prang, Rose Art, and Prismacolor Soft Core Pencils.  They color so much smoother  than the Crayola, Prang, and Rose Art.  They definitely are not a replacement for Prismacolor pencils, they are still a step below them.  The pencils sharpen very nicely just using the Prismacolor Scholar sharpener (it's the green one).  Where as for my Prismas I have to use the black sharpener.		I have the 72 pencil set, about 20 of the colors are very close to each other, almost duplicates even.  It could of easily been a 48-50 pencil set if they rearranged the colors included in the 48 pencil set they offer.  I did purchase the metallic 12pk set as well which I'm waiting to be delivered.  I found a color chart online, and modified it to included which pencils come in the different sets.  I've included the pictures in my review.
0,It was a gift for a friend, and he's played it a couple of times and I've played it once.  We really like it.  A nice addition to the game.
0,Not sure what to say about this. It's exactly what you see in the picture, and my son loves it. It's the perfect little toy for a Star Wars and lego fan. It's very small if you haven't purchased this type of thing before.
0,My toddler absolutely adores this little light up goldfish, and he swims around the bathtub. He is 23 months and has only just started interacting with animal toys and bringing them to life with his play, so this was perfect to have something fun to bring into the bathtub  a friend that he can zoom around underwater. I wish that the light didn't always start with red, though. It has such a nice series of colors and the red is my least favorite, so the fact that it spends most of its time being red, having been just dunked into the water, is a little disappointing. However, I would still buy this again in a heartbeat, and plan to whenever the light wears out.
0,looks to be made good metal I think it will last couple years.
0,This is a lot of fun when you have a lot of people! It does repeat itself but it didn't annoy me.
0,It was as described. Just what he wanted.
0,This is the second set we've bought, as my 5 year old loves doing crafts. Makes a great birthday present too
0,I love this product and would recommend this to everyone.  The price is so much less and comes in fast.  Our family loves this product and use it often!
0,Love it just wished it shot something, very well built for a three yo not to break
0,This is a great toy for kids who like to see how things work. I love that it offers educational fun for my son. There are many options with this kit. We bought the small junior kit first, and he liked that so much we bought this for him last Christmas. The directions are easy to follow and the pictures make it easy for kids. This is a great, educational toy for kids!
0,I got this as a b-day gift for my friend's daughter, so I'll admit, I was a little hesitant when I read the title ("colors may vary") and some of the other reviews saying that the color they received as not the same as what was pictured. I decided to take the chance because I had given myself plenty of time to get another gift should this one not be what I expected (pink in color). The item I received was indeed pink (like it was in the picture), and from what I hear my friend's daughter loves it because she got a play kitchen from mom and dad.
0,Perfect Size for little hands and the zebra and elephant have cute little noise makers inside of them. Made extremely well as far as quality goes. My only complaint and the one thing from stopping it form getting five stars is I wish they velcro stuck just a little better. Other than that it is a wonderful and adorable toy.
0,After purchasing this for two friends for their baby shower over the past 5 years, we received nothing but positive reviews so we bought it for little one and she loves it!  As a baby she loved listening to the music and when she was a little older and able to press the main button, she loved changing the music on her own.  There is two volume settings for the car rides where they like to constantly change the music so it doesn't become annoying.		Our little one is now 14 months and still loves playing with this toy and pressing the button to initiate music.
0,this was a Christmas hit
0,Great piece of memorabilia
0,Awesome playdoh great for little hands
0,Fits great! Love the teddy.
0,baby love it
0,Fits  my little ones 12 in corolle doll. My two year old is potty training and this has helped. I swear we got this and within 3 days she is pretty much trained. What a help. This is small but to me is a plus. It takes up little space. Kids=toys = less room
0,The reason why I got the set is so that I do not have to worry about toxic chemicals, but I was very pleasantly surprised with how beautiful the colors came out.  Eggs were gorgeous pastel colors.  We did orange, blue, purple and green.  I always use traditional onion husk for red so I did not find lack of red to be a problem for me. We colored a dozen eggs.  I am not sure if you can get more from one set.  Each egg takes very long time (20-30 minutes), but it is worth it.
0,Fun balls
0,Came slightly faster than expected. For the extremely low price, they are nice. Kids lose doll shoes all the time, so spending so little on a good amount of them is great.
0,Arrived on time. Product was as described
0,Okay so we relieved this as a gift and it was supposed to be Christmas but let out LO try it out (he'll forget about it anyway!)	He's one year old. He loves loves it!!		I think it's a great toy. The balls are just a little hard to get out, and yes, they're oversized.... So no mix and matching or there could be frustration.		About the entrapment issue: I see how a small body part could possibly get trapped, but the thing is, all the parts are soft plastic. It's going to scare them but it won't harm them. I'm definitely keeping this toy. My son loves trying to touch fan blades and other moving parts, as many babies do.  If perchance he manages to get a hand or foot stuck.... He won't lose a hand over it, and he'll learn something in the process.		Not that I want that to happen. I'm	just not going to return a super fun toy over the fear of it possibly happening. And I'm a worrier usually but not about this toy.  If every toy is 100% "safe" they'll ever learn to protect themselves from real danger.		So yeah great toy, not worried , and the balls do come out if you push hard enough.
0,JYD is an all time great as is this figure.
0,These cards are great for pre-schoolers, featuring a number of different activities involving numbers:	1. Find the matching number	2. Which [numbers] are the same [numbers appear in shapes]	3. Match the number and number word	4. How many? [counting objects of fingers on the card]	5. Find the matching number set [two objects need to be matched with two dots on the bottom]	6. How many [objects] are circled?	7. Which number comes before/after?		My son is 3 years old and most of the questions age-appropriate for him, and I can see the educational value of these cards lasting for a couple of years. The cards can be used with or without the dog-pen, and although the pen makes it more fun, sometimes my son chooses the wrong answers on purpose (or presses answers randomly), because it's fun for him when the dog makes a sad sound. That being said, the price of the set is high enough to include the price of the pen, in my opinion, which is why I give the product 4 stars.
0,He loves it
0,Cheap quality but for the price is fine. The rocks that come with the toy are useless according to my 5 yr old. It also comes with two flags that never get used.
0,Awesome die casts.  Just like the ones we had as children in the '80s.  None of the breakable plastic.  This is the way to go with little dudes.
0,I am ex Marine but if my 5 year wants this, he get's it. So he now got for Birthday and loves it.
0,Kids love it!
0,My toddler is obsessed with Chica and when I saw that this plush modeled squeaked, I had to make this purchase. It has been a top choice for playtime at my house since delivered.
0,I love Bob's Burgers, and I love having this set of Funko Pop figures in my television room. The item is depicted perfectly in the picture. I have my figures displayed on a shelf, the whole family, and they all stand up without issue. This character does have a special clear plastic stand on which to balance, which can be seen in the picture. These makes a fun conversation piece. I can't wait for more to come out! Sorry for the glare in the picture.
0,Highly Recommend! Fast delivery! Exactly as described!
0,This light emits a beautiful blue light in three stages.  Makes an excellent night light and a nice conversation piece for the grandkids.
0,Fun for the kids.
0,I ordered these for my son's preschool end of year bash.  These are surprisingly soft and kids wore them.  Not like the prickly plastic ones.
0,Exactly as described, very pleased with my purchase
0,I remember playing with the 1980's version of little people, and while they were awesome then....they are better now!  I got this set, along with a few other "farm" People to go with it.  My nephew loved playing with them, and as a bonus this isn't an electronic toy.
0,Bought these to go with the Melissa and Doug Bug House and the boys(ages 3 & 4) loved them~~spent several hours hiding them to scare me, etc.
0,I have to say, I resisted purchasing these for a long time because there are so many free paper crafts you can download and print online, for anything under the sun--including minecraft.  If you've ever actually DONE that, though...you'll appreciate why this product is worth every penny.		The paper is high-quality, heavy-duty cardstock, so once these things are built, they'll hold up for a surprisingly long time, even without any tape or glue to reinforce them.  No more cutting slits along nearly invisible guide lines by yourself with an exacto knife while your kids watch impatiently over your shoulder!  Every slot and tab is pre-cut to exactly the right dimensions, so all of the tabs fit perfectly and securely into the slots.  No more battling with a tiny tab until it folds back and forth so many times it rips and you have to repair the thing with scotch tape and hope your kid doesn't notice...I'm not the only one who's experienced this, right??		The pieces on the more complex mobs (like the spider) are small enough to look neat and intricate, but not so tiny that you go blind trying to assemble them, and the construction is surprisingly simple.  With the spider especially, I was afraid I'd be assembling and attaching eight legs with microscopic tabs just to have them fall off the spider when they were done...but nope!  Each set of 4 legs is one sturdy piece, and it attaches to the body with a special L-shaped tab that prevents it from slipping out.  I assembled the first spider for my son because it looked so complex, but having done it, I'm pretty sure my 8 year old could handle it on his own with a little practice.  And the slimes and gravel are basic cubes, so yay for independent activities! :-)		All in all, this is a well designed kit with high-quality materials.  So yes, you're paying for relatively inexpensive materials, and it's something you could probably make yourself, but the same could be said of your kitchen table.  Sometimes being ABLE to make something a DIY project doesn't make it the sane thing to do.  (All due respect to those who build their own kitchen tables, of course.  You guys rock.) ;-)		This kit is an exercise in sanity for parents whose kids enjoy paper-craft, and it's really reasonably priced for the quality.
0,Hello good day, the product is very good and highly recommended and the seller is also recommended
0,fun machine! I liked the sound it had when i heard someone singing
0,These work great, but must be refilled frequently. Good for a pool. Not practical for yard play.
0,For whatever reason you need a stuffed squirrel, this is the one!  It looks incredibly real perched on a shoulder or in a Christmas tree.  If you want to mess with your pet this is a fun toy.
0,for a gift and she loves it
0,my four year old grandson loved this. His 7 year old brother was jealous!! Will have to order him one for his birthday.
0,Nice!
0,I love this item, it cam just as I expected
0,Bought this for my husband to put on the dash of his big white diesel. He loves it. Its bigger than some of the other bobble heads we have
0,My students enjoys playing this game.
0,These are fun!  Not made to really keep you warm, but so much fun!  Kids and adults love these.
0,Great deal!
0,Great toy. My son loves it. There are alot of concepts to learn shapes, colors, number and so much more. Held my son attention.
0,super
0,It's POP
0,I love getting Amazon's Christmas bear each year with a qualifying $25 purchase.  They are always different from the year before and there is always a kid in the family that loves it.  GOOD ONE, AMAZON!!
0,Bought this with the squirrel book "Just because your mine" as a set and it was so cute.  This toy is fun for the kids to play with and is made very well.
0,Three year old grandson carried this with him everywhere.  We are waiting for warmer weather when he can do some real digging outside.  I like its sturdy looks.
0,Can't wait for the girls to play dress up!
0,This set looks great but the playability is not the best.  This is one that is best left on the shelf as a decoration.  The legs move and the vehicle actually rolls with assistance but parts fall off when you do so. General Grievous is a top notch LEGO figure and Obe Wan looks good too. My 7 year old loved putting it together and as always the LEGO directions are fantastic.
0,My son and I love this kit, it's really fun to play with. My 8 year old enjoys it, but he may be a little too young to really get it yet.
0,Good quality just as it looks
0,Tons of added run time. Great battery. Need upgraded charger to fully charge but the old one will work as well.
0,What a fantastic idea for a three year old.  I bought this for a Christmas present and he will love it.  Extremely fast delivery.
0,grand ids loved, loved this book.
0,Looks good. Four stars because shipping was longer than I'm used to.
0,excelente
0,If you are a Halo lover and love collecting Funko POP figures then I recommend you getting this one to complete your Halo. They look amazing on my shelves.
0,Bought this for my daughters 2 year birthday present. She loves it! I just wish they would combine the disney princess song palace with this one, that way she could play with it like a dollhouse and have the ramps for the horses. Overall nice toy and keeps her busy!
0,My son was very happy!! :)
0,PERFECT
0,This is so much fun. This is great for all ages, They designed it with different age group questions. I think the reason I like it the most is because it is not your typical board game. You never know what question or movie clip you will get. I would recommend your child be able to read if you play a two player game. Although, you can improvise. The Best.
0,Great packaging, great sound. I bought this for my son and he loves it. It lights up red along the sides and sounds really cool when Darth Vader speaks. It's held up real well from Christmas.
0,great quality
0,The pieces were much bigger than I was expecting. The numbers & letters I was aware they were 3 inches long or so but the picture blocks were the same size. My 16 month old daughter loved them & likes to hold them underwater to see them float up. She doesnt understand fully all the way all the letters and photos but when she found the cat block she meowed. Great bath toy.
0,Great skeletons for child's dinosaur digs and for creating fossils and fossil cookies with the impressions.  All our little friends have loved them.
0,We received the Go! Go! Smart Animals Zoo Explorers Playset for review.		My daughter, age 3, and my nephew, age 6, often use this playset together. As a mom and former early childhood educator, I appreciate that the this toy encourages learning and fine motor development.		My nephew is great with putting the tracks together which my daughter has a hard time with so younger children will definitely need assistance from an adult or older sibling. The first time we put it together using the box as a guide and it took about 15 minutes between the both of us-. The tracks can be reconfigured or connected to other sets and my nephew likes to get creative with this!		My daughter loves the zoo's electronic entrance and listening to the animal names and traits as well as colors and letters. She also enjoys placing the rhino on the SmartPoints to hear the different phrases and music. Her favorite feature has to be the spinning water tank. It spins by moving the green turtle on the side back and forth. My nephew on the other hand likes to play with the red lift and will have the rhino zoom down the track.		Overall, I think this is a great toy and I plan on purchasing more animals for the kids to use with the set. Even though the toy is recommended for children 1-5, I believe older children will enjoy it as well.
0,This set is outstanding, the amount of detail in oracle's backpack and accessories are epic...excellent addition to any bat-themed shelf...
0,Just like I remember as a kid.  I loved this game as a child and I love it even more playing it with my 5 year old.  The game is easy to understand and great for my 5 year old.
0,brought it to work ... becomes useful when project sucks ...
0,Great quality and very cool my bro is going to love it. It came quicker than expected.
0,My Grandson is having loads of fun with these toys, would recommend them to anyone that has little ones. Quality product.
0,Great price for the amount of stickers
0,I love the logic of this game and couldn't wait to share it with my husband.  Unfortunately it is not as fun for him because he has very large hands and fingers which make it impossible for him to position the pegs in the holes.  This is a huge dissapointment for both of us.
0,Like others who have reviewed this toy, I had been searching Amazon for a bath time toy that did not have a squirter (or any type of internal compartment) that was prone to growing mold.		These toys definitely do the trick. The three fish do no have anything that could hold stagnant water. Each of the fish has a little "bowl" in the middle of them but there are two drain holes to avoid standing water in those bowls. Of course a little water could still remain but it is easily remedied by letting the fish dry upside down.		On the packaging it does NOT say anything about being BPA free but if you go to Sassy's webpage and look at the "Bath Toy Gallery" there is a heading that says "Sassy products are BPA Free and Phthalate Compliant"		For now my 8 month old is content just chewing on one of the fish ... down the road I can't wait for her to play with the net too
0,Perfect for our dramatic play area. The kids like to give the stuffed toys check ups, and we took the stethoscope to put last doctors appointment.
0,Can~t wait to give to granddaughter who loves Japan
0,The build quality of this board is excellent. The holes are straight and evenly spaced (not the case on other boards I've used). It's a joy to be able to play with 4 players (though the game time is significantly increased). The board is quite large because of the internal scoring area (which I've not found adequate instructions for). The included instructions are incomplete and probably not written by a native English speaker. The pegs are plentiful and what you'd expect from plastic.
0,Use this in a pool and the kids love it and so do the adults.  It also floats on its back.  Buy it.  No batteries
0,My 1 yr old loves this thing.  It's small and thus easy to tote around in a purse or diaper bag when on the go.  I personally find it a little annoying and I wouldn't classify it as a really educational toy...but it keeps my little one for spazing out and screaming in the car and serves as a nice distraction when he needs to be redirected.  All in all a good purchase and my kiddo loves it which is really the point :)
0,Cutest Tsum Tsum I have received. Very good quality and as advertised.
0,Awesome value for so many pieces. Great addition to any goody bag
0,Very fun game
0,My son loves this.
0,Prompt delivery and as listed
0,Great Pop, thanks!
0,This is a cool and different bath toy.  It's awesome looking in real life.  I wasn't sure it was worth the price, but the reviews were so high, I just had to try it out.  Definitely worth it...as long as it lasts!
0,Board and pieces are really nice quality for the price.
0,I bought this for my son's first birthday (despite recommended age) and he absolutely adores this toy! For the price he gets a hideout, a climber, and a spinney wheel to play with all in one! This is not something you leave a 1 yr old alone with (if they can climb to the top) but with supervision is an amazing toy for outdoor (or if space indoors - inside too).		Assembling this was SO easy and fast! Myself and my 8 year old did this within 15-20min and the finished product is incredibly sturdy! Very well made outdoor gym - quite happy with this!
0,I wish it came with the battery, almost torturous for my girls to wait for us to buy one! This game is a lot of fun and even my 2 and a half year old can participate successfully! It's hard to find a game that spans the ages but this one is a winner! I have a 2.5yr old, 5.5yr old and 8yr old and they all enjoy playing this together.
0,If you've never had a Magic 8 Ball, you must buy one! They predict the future and seem to always be right!  Magic 8 Ball days you should buy!
0,This is really cute.  Got this for my Grandson for his First Birthday
0,My two-year-old grandson absolutely loves this.  He's been very impressed with farms and tractors and is starting to play with some imagination now.  I bought an extra bag of cheap farm animals to go with it and they all fit very nicely in the barn when it's time to clean up.  I wish it came with a farmer, but I'm sure I can find one.  My only criticism is that it does NOT have a latch to keep it closed to carry it around.  It Doesn't make much sense to have a carrying handle on top and then not have a latch to keep it closed - that's the only reason I gave it a 4 rating and not a 5.
0,great
0,Great game for pre-school kids. My son does need help playing this game because there are some rules that need to be followed and he forgets. He is 3 years old but for the most part he gets how to play. He loves when he wins and gets to yell "UNO MOO."
0,Well made and realistic grizzly bear
0,Cute baby, very soft and life like.
0,Daughter loves it
0,Found this fashion pack in store, it's probably one of the nicer newer fashions packs to buy.	It mixes and matches pretty well, although the vest with the cute colourful shorts will show the belly of the doll! But all clothing items will fit the Made to move barbie well. Not sure about the rest.	There is a minor difference to the real thing and the promo, one big difference is with the glasses.. they're purple, not black! Otherwise it's pretty spot on.	5/5 ~ The shorts are great!
0,Cute little tiara, perfect for the price. Came with batteries, lit up, even held up outside in the rain! Pretty gangster for the couple bucks it cost, and plus, my daughter thought it was the best thing on the planet.
0,Very pretty doll!
0,This was a great little tool for a fun experiment.  Can't quite figure out what the clear ring around the outside of the tube is for--maybe to keep the pin from inadvertantly slipping out?--but this little tool definitely does the job it's meant to do.  And it kept me from getting Diet Coke all over myself.  Also cleans up easily - just chucked it in the silverware holder in the dishwasher, and voila.
0,We play this game as a family and love it! Even our 7 yrs old can spot matches before the rest of us sometimes, so it's fun for everyone. Absolutely recommend it to families with school age kids.
0,I read reviews on multiple games before ordering these for my grandchildren.  We played with a 7 (girl), 6 (girl), 5 (boy) and 3 year old girl and had a wonderful time.  All of them could play and it was a great way to teach "memory".  The game board and pieces are durable and I'm confident this will be a good family game at both households for years to come.
0,Pretty awesome little nano quadcopter....very high performance and can be flown indoors or out of doors on a non-windy day. If I have any complaint it is that the battery doesn't last very long before you have to recharge it. You get perhaps 5 munutes of flying before it dies and you have to charge it again. But for the money it is a great little drone.
0,My 4-year-old daughter loves "The Nightmare Before Christmas" and was overjoyed to get this give. The $25 prices is $10 greater than the Disney parks price, but it was justified based on the scarcity of "Nightmare Before Christmas" toys on the market for small children.
0,Perfect size for travel. I purchased for infant. This is older version, there are newer ones with more activities. Perfect for 6 month old, entertaining and well made. We'll "graduate" to other versions next year, infants and toddlers learn fast! Also purchased on deal, so worth the price.
0,Can be a challenge to build with opening doors and flip up body. Comes with a small plastic trophy and paintable full moon wheel covers like the 70s kit.
0,This toy is well built and pretty large so it could make an impressive present.  The toy is really designed with toddlers in mind so I think older kids will get bored pretty quickly.  It's sturdy and easy to operate and should provide hours of fun for kids in the target age range.
0,Kids love the added versatility of these over the standard baseplates that are not stackable. Easy to use, works well with Lego brand blocks.
0,The actions (animation) and singing are well done. This is a very cute toy. I didn't expect it to be so small - it's about 9" at the top of his head.
0,My grandson loves Daniel Tiger - so this was a must have. It didn't disappoint!
0,Nice game for young kids. It could be a little cheaper though.
0,I love this loom and use it more than the actual rainbow loom. For me it's easier to work with. It's not for every kind of rubberband project but I do prefer the "growing" styles anyway. Watching YouTube tutorials may help more than the included instructions if you're having a hard time with it. I've had a lot more success with making bracelets in this.
0,Great stocking stuffer for adult son.  He really liked it.
0,I bought this game after doing some research on other plug and play games.  This game had great reviews and was listed at a great price.  I am very pleased with this purchase!!	My husband is a video game fanatic and he really enjoys the game as well.  We are having a great time playing with it!!!  Our three year old can even take part in some of the games as well!  I would highly recommend this game!
0,Purchased as a birthday gift for my granddaughter. She enjoys it!
0,Not great for four year old boys if you care about the outcome. But he certainly enjoyed it! And luckily he's my fourth niecephew so I knew not to focus on the outcome :)
0,Great Lego set for little ones.
0,We have had Sneaky Snacky Squirrel for a couple of years and my daughter has consistently asked for "the dog game on sneaky snacky squirrel" so Santa got it for her for Christmas.  I personally like this better than it's squirrel counterpart.  The dog is easier to pick up with and the bones are easier to grab, and it's insanely cute.  It works fine motor skills, but without beating you with it.  It's a fun game to play.  I would recommend for 3-7 year olds, as our almost 7 year old neighbor loves playing it too.
0,Very excited 5 yr old. He slept with it that night. 'Nuff said.
0,Gave this to my son, age 18 and he loved it. Couldn't wait for it to come in the mail. LOL. It's about the size of those pink handballs. When you throw it and it hits a surface Pikachu pops out in a random direction. It easily pops back together. It comes in a cardboard type case but it could be used as a stocking stuffer if you opened it up. Santa might do that to save space in his sack and have something more for the stocking. (And yes, we still have fun with stockings with kids of older ages!) It's well built and should last for many throws. I supposed if you hit a cement wall, maybe it would get damaged, but you're not supposed to use it like a weapon or anything. Certainly fun and not expensive. Highly recommend.
0,Even more beautiful in person! My daughter loved it! I was extremely pleased with this product! Any little girl who loves brave will love this doll!
0,Excelente
0,fun game
0,Great
0,I picked this up at a local hobby shop, but was so impressed I decided to write a review on Amazon. I've been flying a Blade MCX2 for over a year, and this kicks it's butt. The gyro in this is impressive. I can't fly my MCX2 in the living room with the ceiling fan on, too much breeze. The 1 SQ doesn't even notice the breeze, I can't wait to fly it outside now. Of courses crashes are expected while learning to fly a quad. This thing would be hard to break from my experience so far. My living room has a vaulted ceiling about 12 feet high. My 1 SQ has fallen from 10 feet onto my hardwood floor numerous times without a scratch.		Pick up an extra battery or two, they're less than $7. Flight time is only 6 or 7 minutes so you'll need them to keep flying.
0,Gifts for daughters friend ...  Everyone wanted to say something and hear it repeated in Barbies voice.
0,great
0,My 4 and 2 year old boys just love it! Very light but sturdy toy. Very easy to operate by my 2 year old boy!
0,These are really cute pandas.  I bought these to accompany the bamboo building blocks from LL.  They have a set that comes with pandas but the price is inflated and it's not available in the stores.  These were the perfect solution, and you can't beat prime shipping!
0,<div id="video-block-REP69WJMY66EO" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1abU0VoLoS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B10xzmJ7zaS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;Worth every penny of the $60 I paid. Was very easy to set up using an electric air pump (we have an Ozark Trail brand pump that works really well). I set it up alone and it took less than 20 mins. For the price paid ($60) it was surprisingly good quality. Everyone who has seen it thought I paid at least twice that. Each time she wants to play on the slide, I spend 5 minutes or so capping off the air in the different compartments to make sure it's blown up nice and solid. It's not unusual for inflatables to lose air when they sit, especially when it gets very hot outside. We have it set up on a perfectly flat patio with foam mat tiles over the patio pavers. This makes a nice soft area for my daughter to play on, while also protecting her inflatables from rips and tears. My 5 year old has already spent hours playing on it and she just loves it. I've never had any yard toy keep her attention like this slide has. I've attached a video and photos because they show how much she likes it better than any words I can use.		My only issue is with the length of the catch pool. If I could ask the manufacturer to change one thing about the slide, it would be to make the landing pool about 5 or 6 feet longer. My daughter really gets some speed going on the slide and has come very close to launching herself right out of the pool a few times. I can picture bigger kids flying right over the edge and flying out of the catch pool and possibly getting hurt. Other than that, we love it.
0,super carol, she guards my home.
0,Our daughter loves her dump truck! Its exactly what we were looking for. Its a bit larger than we expected but the size is perfect.
0,For any further clarification, please contact us
0,Fun cards to learn from and play games!! Nice quality
0,ok
0,We love Green Toys. Our 2-year granddaughter has the boat, helicopter and other Green toys pictured in the 3 books we got for review. I can see she recognizes that the characters in the book have her toys and are using them throughout the book. This has helped her understand what they are actually for. Besides that, they are fun to read, the stories are interesting and the illustrations are wonderful.		Good:	Colorful, fun illustrations	Wonderful story ( you may have to fill in a few explanations here and there)	Printed with soy ink	Made with recycled paper		Not so good:	Nothing! What's not to love?
0,Very cute, love the noises and how you are able to turn the light on over the stove! Part of the set I bought for her 4 story house!
0,My 1 year old nephew loves this toy!  Scout is really soft and my nephew loves carrying him around.  The buttons are easy to push and the toy isn't obnoxiously loud like some toys.  Good choice, highly recommend this one.
0,Fun, amazing.
0,This one is a great conversation peace. Love it.
0,Very nice.  Good quality.  Just as described.
0,Perfect for my needs. Though at least one was broken in the package (and leaking bubble fluid). I spray painted all the handles silver and added black and 'buttons' and turned them all into 'lightsaber' bubble wands for Party Favors for my sons Star Wars themed party.. they were a huge hit!
0,Great deal. You really can't go wrong. It has a case, charger, and the $20 card for $10.  I've told a couple of my friends about it already. I love me some deals!
0,My 6-year-old was super happy with these. I was just so-so. The paint job looked better in the pics, the cars look rusty and dirty. They are heavy and well made. They do NOT have that cheap plastic light weight made in China feel, they are rugged. Ad this is a good thing because my son crashed them up, cheap cars last about an hour. He has the box of shame containing all the cars he has killed over the years these are passing the grade as of now. My son is extremely happy so in the long run so am I, not much else to say.
0,I have 3 daughters that were involved in making bracelets with this kit. My 8-year-old took to it easily and had her first bracelet made in about 10 minutes. My 5-year-old needed assistance but still enjoyed the process. I made a bracelet for my 3-year-old. She broke it the first time she tried to take it off by herself. The bracelets take a couple of hours to completely dry...even if they are thin and simple. I had to flip them over so the bottom would dry. Even when the top part was solid, the bottom would be runny until flipped over. It is difficult to make the patterns look like the pictures, but it is easy to make some form of wearable bracelet. The gel will go quickly. The more elaborate the bracelet becomes, the more gel it requires. The box says it will make 60 beginner bracelets, but I know we will not get that many bracelets out of it. You have to put quite a bit of gel on to make sure the bracelet holds together. The bracelets are easily broken. My girls pretended they were snakes when they broke. The feel of the bracelets is very nice. The gel dries smooth and squishy so my girls loved the way they felt. The smell was very strong when I first opened the tubes of gel, but faded to a rather pleasant aroma when the bracelets dried. This is a fun craft where most of the enjoyment will be derived in making the bracelets. The bracelets themselves are not meant to last. The rubber band loom bracelets are much sturdier, but they are also harder to make. This is an easy, fun alternative that can be used with kids not quite ready for more advanced bracelet making. I received this product in exchange for an honest review.
0,Another gift for my six-year-old that went over well. Plenty to do and the price was right.
0,Excelent
0,This is a very fun toy, assembly went fairly smooth, no special tools needed.		This toy has a two stage challenge, first is hitting the flag inside the loop, once that his hit, the entire top area drops down for the next stage of the challenge which you need to launch the car through the loopty-loop onto a finishing platform. I liked it a lot, my 4 year old nephew doesn't have enough strength to completely launch the car through the loopty-loop, but the 1st stage is no problem.		This is a great toy, my only gripe is there's only 1 car included, it would be nice to have at least two so you can run the two stage in one swoop.
0,This is well worth the money. Makes 52 different models and our grandson loved it,
0,COOL COLLECTION
0,Love it
0,The busy ball popper was already ranked with five stars when we bought it for our one year old for Christmas.  I am glad we bought it!  Both our 3 yr old and 1 yr old play with it together.  Even their older cousins play with it too!  and they are 10, 8 and 4. The 4 yr old has autism and he loves to put keep the balls popping. The music it plays is nice to listen too and not real annoying.  I must admit I like playing with the ball popper too. Although I do have to chase the balls that bounce across the room.  The popper is great for hand eye coordination if you are looking for educational or motor skills.
0,My nephew loves it!
0,I bought for someone else and they loved it.
0,Just adorable. I love this little guy :) and so do my students. Very cute!
0,These bases fit almost every dc comics figure, and you can pose them in wonderful and completely new ways!! They very rarely fall down, and usually stay up, unless handled harshly.
0,I am more than happy with this , im not sure if it's the large or extra large ! But either way it's so much cheaper than the ones at Claires by half ! My daughter is going to Freak ! We bought a little Leona in California when we went to Disneyland , can't wait tell she sees this !
0,A really cute little pop of my favorite harry potter character! funko did a really good job with details and planning. I totally recommend this pop!
0,We've named ours Stanley, as the kid likes to sit on him and his legs all splay out in flat Stanley style.  Super cute dog and fun, but it is very rigid and not really movable.
0,My son loves these trains
0,MY SON WAS WAITING FOR THE OCTAVIA TO COME OUT. SO HE IS HAPPY. WE BOUGHT THE CLEAR ONE TOO.
0,Good dice, and very good looking-- I use these to roll for my more dark-aligned characters in D20 games. They're fairly balanced, my only complaint is that they jump off the table if I drop them from too high.
0,Child yes!
0,My son was 100% satisfied with this toy.
0,I love it
0,great for Pre-school kids, seems sturdy and has held up in a large playgroup of 30-40 kids.
0,This scooter is very nice for my girl. I ordered for my 3 year old. She had a small amount of experience on a regular razor scooter, but I definitely feel that scooter was not as safe as I would like for her. She just didn't have the ability to balance well enough to ensure she wouldn't fall over and really hurt her little shins on that hard metal. This scooter is very safe for her, and it did take her a little while to get used to the way this scooter turns. She complained at first. But I just told her this is how they make scooters for 3 year olds. So she stuck with it and learned how to make it work, and now she can fly all over on it. It is not slow at all, and it's very light and easy for her to maneuver, and it's safe. I don't like to see my girl with bruised up legs when I can prevent that by giving her something that is meant for her age. This one is just safer. And it's cute too! The pink is nice and bright.
0,very well made and so cute.
0,This is a classic nose and glasses novelty face and what is a house without a couple.  I purchased two and have used them many times.
0,bought as a gift, worked great
0,My daughter loves this doll! It was just what I expected.
0,I purchased these so I could play Bingo with my grandchildren and not have to worry about those round disks falling off the letters.  This solves the problem perfectly and makes it fun too.
0,We love the Lego Advent Calendars!  Such a great idea!!!
0,Needed an extra for her 4 wheeler, so she can continue to ride as long as she wishes without a wait time..Love it!
0,One sweet ride
0,my grand daugther loved it
0,This one of  good bat  man the animated series Toys friends love it
0,My boys are obsessed with paw patrol, and they love playing with the cards.  They carry them around in the tin case it came with and love it as much as they love the tablet itself.  I am annoyed with the folded paper used to lay the cards on because they can't fold it right, and they cry when it tears.  However, they don't REALLY need it to play the game, so I try to take it away to avoid the tears. The game itself is fun, and the kids love taking pictures with the tablet to answer the questions from the game.  My twin boys are 4 years old and they can play the game with minor assistance from me.
0,Fun game!
0,My son loves it! Well built..
0,Purchased for my 11 year old daughter's birthday party--very festive and the kids loved the designs
0,Over all its a ok figure. I would give Starscream a three star or two mostly due to the show. Just such a wimpy guy. As a recreation from the show, a respectful 4 star. The feet what gets me and even in the show there have been jokes about his shoes. I don't know why the maker of the show gave Star high heels, making him a deva transformer. I wouldn't be surprised if that was his back ground in the file. Over all, the likeness of his is great, but one of the major flaws and Soundwave, is trying to have the figure stand. Maybe its the high heels! I don't mind the missiles on his arms, it would been better with just one. The makers did a very great job making the toy figure. If your a Starsceam fan, this figure is booth great and also an embarrassment. Lets keep show and toy a two different topic. A 4 star for from the makers who made him. I would like to have more ability to pose him, but I think those high heels make standing a little difficulty.
0,Pricey for the product, but y niece loved all the Short cake dolls. It is worth it to see her smile.
0,My daughter loves unicorns and monsters. This is so perfect for her! She was asking for a zombie doll but I think she will love this so much! Cute & creepy! Very soft & good quality!
0,thanks
0,Its the first time that I order a McFarlane figure and I personally consider that NECA has more detailed figures!
0,These were a cute addition to our party bags for our guests. We combined them with the Lego figurine crayons and it worked out like a charm!
0,Always fun and always losing the balls.  Be nice to have additional balls available for each of the poppers.
0,Daughter loves them!!!
0,He's adorable and so soft. The suction cup is great and he stays suctioned to our window no problem.
0,This is a great addition for children who love Doc McStuffins and allows them to make the diagnosis.  I was very disappointed to realize that I paid way too much for this through Amazon and found out shortly after I ordered it that I could have purchased it at Walmart for half what I paid.
0,Very solid toy.  My son loves it.
0,my son loves this
0,First of all, you need 5 AA batteries and 3 AAA batteries just to start.  There's a switch on the bottom of the van to turn on and off.  Once you get it going, it's pretty easy to steer and drive.  There's a button for forward/reverse and another one to move the wheels left/right.  It gets going at a pretty good clip on straightaways.  When you hit a barrier it has pretty good bounce/recoil.  If you steer it to approach you, you need to use the opposite control than you think you need.  There's a trim switch on the bottom so you can correct it if it fades left or right.		The build quality is fine and it's a cute toy.  It sucks down batteries but it's fun.  The cats didn't think much of it.  All you need to do is unbox it and install the batteries, then you're set to go.
0,Although my granddaughter just turned two, she loves putting together this puzzle. My five and three yr old granddaughters have had this for years and still assemble it.
0,Purchased these for my pre-k daughters to dig with outside. I like the wooden handles. They are not they best metal out there, they will bend if you apply the wrong leverage, but so far the kids have not had any problems and use them frequently.
0,I collect this little Marvel Universe figures, I found them very cool actually. I had troubles finding one "master pieced" Red Skull since the only version under MU has an increased price after its release in 2009. Even when it is not from MU toy line, it could easily replace and be a fantastic addition to your collection. To me after I received it I was literally WOWed OH! my friends oredered afterwords as well..
0,Very cute for Grandson's picture
0,At first glance they are bright color. All individually wrapped in clear plastic. A few large ones but mostly very tiny size sticky toys.
0,great quality	Beautiful set of toys.
0,Well made plastic rings. Perfect for our 2 liter ring toss game. The size made it a little more challenging than using larger rings, but this was one of our most popular games with the kids.
0,Cool gift for the younger truck mechanics.
0,Purchased as a gift and it is well loved. WotLK will always be our favorite expansion. HUZZAH!
0,was  gift out of town  but  i went to his 2 yr birthday party  and it is sturdy  and  works  great
0,Fun craft.
0,Nice Product.  We used them at my daughter's wedding and they were a big hit.  We also handed them out at our local light up for Christmas.  They were a big hit.
0,This is great for quiet time and rainy day activities. Kids can craft alone or with others, cute projects and it's not messy. Good ciean fun!
0,Daughter is happy with them, so I am happy.  :)
0,Cute and fun activity for kids.	Although my daughter bwas disappointed that we received the more orange colored owl she did like putting it together with her cousin.  They worked quietly and carefully followed the directions.  It was a great activity for them...They are both 9 years old and where able to do this with no help or direction from me.	I would buy again but only if we could pick the exact color to be ordered.
0,Great color quality.
0,This puppet is beyond cute. Perfect size for both a child and an adult. Even when a 4 year old operates it, it looks so realistic.
0,This is the Science Class Monster High set.  There are lots and lots of different sets.  Its nice that that this one comes with one doll.		This set really doesnt have as much going on as I thought it would.  Example:  The frog is supposed to hop when you press a button.  In reality is only goes up less than a quarter inch and doesnt hop at all. Overall its more of a look at sort of set.  But its still fun to play with and pretend.  . .adding additional dolls of your own.
0,I agree with the last person that sent the review. I was also on this site last week and this camara was only $89.00. That is a huge increase in the price. I will continue to shop around. Thanks for nothing!
0,Wonderful set of party invites and thank yous. The kids loved them. Easy to use.
0,Arrived on time & as described.
0,Go product
0,I remember making Igloos as a child; watching my 2 boys, 5 & 6, making an igloo just like I did as a child (only easier with the new, rounded design) was absolutely priceless.
0,i love this plush
0,This is what she has been wanting for some time.  So I sent them to my granddaughter along with the other items. She was very pleased with this outfit especially because they included slippers.
0,This is the best ever.  They are really vibrant colors. The colors are on top and back The Wisteria is particularly beautiful.  of the box.  Very easy to hold.  The color is more of a crayon rather than a real  colored pencil.  So when using it looks more like coloring.  The points are not very sharp so this is not for blending, detail work or shading easily.  Wonderful on larger open areas. Great for adult or older children.  Would not be good with a very young child as they will not know when to stop the twisting and then the top part breask off.  This was experienced -- yes, it happened repeatedly.  Convenient not needing to stop to sharpen them.  Coloring fun does not have to stop to sharpen and thus focus continues.  Have fun with these twistable colored pencils (more like crayons)-- we have.  The ways to improve them would be to have the color names on the pencils or be numbered in some way.
0,great tires get them the will fit on traxxas slash 4x4 make sure get the front and back the fronts have offsets
0,So fun! I enjoyed this just as much as my daughter.
0,Cute for your mini to act like they are helping out with house chores.  The sound is spot on and swivels like the real thing. Only wishes is that the pick up suction would pick up their cheerio mess as it doesn't pick up anything not even dog hair.
0,Excellent
0,I purchased several of these books for party favors and they were a huge hit. The concept is wonderful and I love that they are simple and mess free. The only thing I could ask for is more pages to color. 4 didn't seem like very many for a $6 book. Even if they are reusable my kids got tired of doing the same ones over and over.
0,This Moana doll is really a wonderfully made one, so sweet in the face , my little grand child is going to love her!
0,Awesome figure. Highly recommended for all the collectors.
0,My grandson loves it. It has a fun way of teaching  him
0,girls loved it, thank you!
0,A pretty good party game that plays up to 7 (or more if you do teams).  Moderately knowledge based, moderately luck based.  Our gaming group rates it a solid "pretty good", but it's not the first game to hit the table on any given night, and people don't seem to miss it.
0,Good item
0,My little boy wanted this truck really bad, just couldn't get my PayPal to cooperate with my account. The truck is awesome he loves any kind of big vehicles lie this .
0,Great fun to do with kids.  They love watching them shrink.  It's fun to have an activity to do with my niece and nephew that I used when I was little.  A lot of fun.
0,Durable and well mad for a toddler our son played all summer with it outside and now that fall is here he has it in his room
0,loved it
0,Great for EDH, nothing more really Standard its kind of a meh you can have other cards with a 1 more mana cost do much better things then him. He was a holder for me.
0,My 4 year old loves Chuggington wooden railway. He wanted this to add to his collection. The icy bridge gives it some fun character. Great price from Amazon we buy all of our wooden train track and trains from Amazon they always have the best prices.
0,Bought for my 4 year old and he lost his mind! He loved it. Looks just as it is advertised.
0,The grandkids love this realistic play food.
0,We havnt used it on the sand since it's been cold/raining but my son has been playing with it and so far nothing's broken yet despite the toys being thrown to the floor. This has many pieces that are not just molds. Also love that it includes a bag. So far no rips on our bag. Also great price.
0,perfect conditions! all good.
0,needs to be stated as to scale size when on screen it look like 1/35 but was actually 1/48
0,It's a pretty neat activity book for your preschooler to reinforce his/her knowledge of the alphabet. For every letter there are stickers, a couple of activities (including coloring a letter). Just some small stuff to memorize letters.		The set includes markers, glue stick and sticky tape.		Simple letter-learning fun
0,A good mix, only had 1 duplicate, and even had 2 extra coins in it! I would have liked to see a better mix of countrys represented, but overall im pleased with it, and would buy it again!
0,Cute!
0,Bought as a gift for a friend who likes the series. If you enjoy the show, and pop-vinyl, you'll enjoy this.
0,My son loves sharks! He was so excited to receive this and just loves it. His hand (2 years old) was a little small to work the puppet (sharks mouth), but he still tried and had so much fun with this. This is definitely one of his favorites.
0,Was a Christmas gift for my daughter, who absolutely loves snakes. She was thrilled to get it and sleeps with it in her bed, so it was definitely a hit. It's as long as she is tall, which she also really liked, and she'll sit with it wrapped around her shoulders like it was a real snake. I think it bought me at least a few months before the next time I get hit up for a real pet snake. ;)
0,There must be more than one manufacturer for identical looking toys, because ours works great. The voice is really clear, and it does everything it is supposed to do. The remote has a really good range, and fast response. The discs shoot about 20 feet. Shooting them is a 2-button process, and it took our 5-year-old some time to catch on to that, but it's done that way to make sure they don't fire accidentally. Also, when the robot is switched on, but hasn't been played with for five minutes, it says "Shutting down!" and then goes into sleep mode to save battery power. After that, the remote won't work until you press a button on his chest. This fact was buried in the instructions, and so for a few minutes, we thought it was either broken, or draining batteries.		Anyway, it has been working perfectly for a year, has been dropped and banged around a bit, and is fine, and has needed new batteries just once. Our son loves it. Sometimes I catch myself playing with it, because it responds to the remote so well.		The one we got was wired into the box so it wouldn't move during shipping.		All I can say, is that if you have a choice between two products, which look alike, but one is a lot cheaper, you will probably get what you pay for. I wish I had saved the packaging, so I could tell you exactly what it looked like, but it was made in Shintou, China, and distributed in the US by a company in Georgia. The logo on it looks like a stylized lowercase "k" with a half circle under it.
0,My daughter loves this thing.  It does 8 colors in English, Spanish, and French and the head plays music.  It is easy to wipe down to clean, isn't too bulky for a diaper bag.  4 stars because red quit working after 4 months.
0,I bought this for my 13 month old nephew because he loves stuffed animals and tigers are his parents favorite. This was a huge hit on Christmas morning! Super soft and he's just big enough to pull the tiger around. He snuggles with it and drags it everywhere he goes. It gets 5 stars! Of all the other plush he has, he chooses this one every time over the others!
0,A beautiful doll! Thank you.
0,Very Well
0,Very well made, great colors and great for that first learning information. Sister in law speaks basic french and in her teaching my nephew she says it helps her. Would buy again.
0,These little nano's fly great, lack in agility but still fun
0,I purchased this brand before and was impressed with the quality. This set is a gift.
0,well made. My grandchildren love it!
0,Just what I was looking for. numbers are big and easy to read, and to the one's complaining that they're see through, as long as you don't hold up one card at a time, you can't see through it.
0,high quality, has helped duplo play in my preschool classroom
0,Barbie cruise ship packed with lots of fun and accessories.  The pool adds an extra feature with this item.  It has a dolphin that really squirts water out into the pool.  This is a really cool ship..  My daughter got this from Santa for Christmas this year and she loves it.
0,very detail toy, exceed my expectations, the base is great
0,This was purchased as a Christmas gift for a preschooler.  I was pleased with the size of it.  Sometimes I'm unsure of what it will look like, but this set was very nice.  It is a very cute Disney theme, but also had several different places to imprint the play doh etc.  It was a lot of fun!
0,Very good learning toy. I bought it for my nine year old to work with his occupational therapist and at home. The instructions are also very helpful and easy for him to follow.
0,Happiness for kids--great game
0,good for a break from looking at my computer.
0,This really is a great deal.  I bought this for my 3 year old son.  He loves it.  He's run it off the coffee table, the deck in the back yard, and rammed it into the walls numerous times.  It's still working like new.  It's very responsive to the controls.  It zips forward and backward, and maneuvers well.  The battery compartment has a screw to hold it closed which is great because it prevents the battery pack from falling out by accident.  Mine came with a 3.6 volt battery pack (and charger) for the car and a 9 volt battery for the remote control.  The wheels tend to pick up stray blades of grass that get wrapped around where the axle connects to the wheel but are easily removed with tweezers.  What I like best about this product is there is a small knob on the underside that can be used to adjust the front wheel alignment.  Some RC cars tend to pull a little to the left or the right and the adjustment knob allows that to be corrected.
0,perfect for me.
0,We're a German Shepherd family, so this was a really cute for the kids. They love snuggling with it.
0,Very fast shipping. Great product.
0,Excelente
0,This was purchased as a Xmas present. The delivery was quick. The item was as descibed. A good purchase.
0,These things are super bright - blinding in fact. They weigh next to nothing and can tap into your ESC battery-in port to reduce the amount of wire needed. Be sure to twist the wires to reduce RFI
0,well built and cool, bounty hunter what more need be said
0,I didn't get this kit from Amazon, but rather from my local mall.		The High-Grade Powered GM Cardigan is one of the best GM kits out there, even if it isn't UC. It comes with the same parts as the regular Powered GM as well as the extra parts seen on the Cardigan.		 Pose-ability is solid, but the somewhat lackluster range of motion in the feet prevents some more dynamic posing, and the kit is difficult to stand when its shields and big guns are tucked away. Then again, it'd be a loss to pose it like that. Posing the shields and guns just right can make for some pretty dramatic poses.		The Powered GM Cardigan is also a great kit to customize. One of my favorites, actually. This kit has a lot of potential for customization.
0,My 4 year old granddaughter has suffered through a lot of bad situations this past year so this is a great way for her to talk to "Polli" and have one of us write her worry. She truly believes "Polli" eats her troubles and she feels freer to be a happy 4 year old. Great find for me and for her!
0,The eight year old girl who helped me review this product definitely thought her younger sibling (age 4) would have fun playing with it as long as she helped him.  Like other reviewers more Play Doh will need to be bought to continue enjoying the set.  If purchasing as a gift I might even include some bonus Doh.  The mess factor is not any worse than many other play sets and the fun factor is excellent.  Works with small motor muscles in the little hands; important for writing skills. Nice storage case.
0,Can't wait for Christmas morning!  Arrived in the correct amount of time and not damaged!  So all is looking good !
0,THE PHONE IS FOR MY GRANDSON IN ARIZONA. MY SON & DAUGHTER-LAW ARE VERY PLEASED WITH IT. IT CAME IN A TIMELY MANNER IN TIME FOR CHRISTMAS SO SHE COULD SET IT OUT FOR SANTA. THANK YOU & HAPPY NEW YEAR. SANDRA THOMAS
0,Was so happy with this buy. Ended up buying 2 ancient mew cards one for a friend and one to keep. I was a good price.
0,We have made our Grandchild, a Little Sweet Shoppe to pretend play in. It is made of a wood frame, with a cloth canvas around it. I used fabric along with cardboard cupcakes, cookies,and ice cream cones. We have shelves that will hold the cookies,cake and the ice cream cone's from Melissa and Doug.	  I had no intentions of buying this, until my husband saw it in a store. This will work so well with our theme. From the little pan, to the little mitt,and then the slice and bake tube of cookies, it is just perfect.	  I like so many of Melissa and Doug pretend play items. You will be glad you bought this.
0,Good learning toy!
0,Daughter loves trying to scare everyone with this. Its soft enough for her to sleep with.
0,I love the go go smart wheels vehicles. They have super cute sayings and songs. Also very durable. The only thing  I wish were different is that I wish they would all drive along the tracks like the train that comes with the main set does.
0,First and foremost, this card within a reasonable time frame and came in one of those hard plastic card protectors so in was in near pristine condition.		On to the card, this is a staple in just about any "Six Samurai" deck, seeing as it can be used to pull out "Legendary Six Samurai Shien", the whole centerpiece of the deck. Additionally it could be used to get out other samurai in tight spots, such as using it on irou to get out enishi, leading to the clearing effect or vice versa.		Overall great card, BUT the price to be fair is kind of high.
0,Granddaughter loves it
0,This little Link is the best! He has little leather boots and is slightly more detailed than the one I bought at the store! If I had known how much nicer this one was I would not have bought the other one! It is the perfect gift for the Zelda lover!
0,This 16 pack of darts was purchased to go with a nerf and strike 2 pack where each blaster originally came with just three darts.  I know this isn't the only extra dart pack I will be buying for them either.  Once the weather warms up I can picture them getting lost in the trees or over in my neighbors bushes somewhere.  The suction cups work very well though not only do they stick to their intended targets (that come with the set) but they stick nicely to my appliances and other surfaces in the home as well!  They haven't broken anything or marred any of the surfaces though so I guess they earned their five stars!
0,Give you the power of life
0,My kids both love it! My only complaint would be that the stove eyes get a bit messy and you can't remove them to clean. Otherwise, this has been a fantastic toy.
0,This is a great gift for a little princess like my niece. She loves Ariel and I felt she needed her pet too. Very sweet and cute. Perfect Birthday present for a 5yr
0,<div id="video-block-R2SYQZRGENDI18" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C1eHzbjTIXS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/01uMKGLkAyS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;I have to admit, I was a little skeptical after the reviews I read but I couldn't be happier with my purchase.  Not only are children super excited when they see the giant duck but adults are loving it as well.  It is actually an extremely durable and solid float.  If you don't want to touch the water, you truly don't have to.  I, myself, am a 200 pound, 6 foot tall man and the float barely budges.  It's amazing!		We've had friends/family over and it is always the talk of the party.  As far as the lifetime of the float, I've had it inflated for over two weeks and it's barely lost any air.  Pretty impressive considering how large the float is.  I can't say enough good things about this float, I love it.		I would love another giant Derby Duck and will likely order another one in the near future.		Tom
0,The latest Disney CRAZE!!  Loved by the 8-12 year olds!
0,Works great , grand kids love them.
0,These dolls are the best. The quality is fantastic and the playability is unbeatable. Perfect for young children and older children alike. My 4 to 12 year olds play with these all the time. This one is everyones favorite. We have 3 of just this doll (for ages, 4, 9, and 12}, because everyone always wanted to play with her and it wasn't worth hearing them argue about it. If you have multiple children with these dolls like I do, you can easily write their name/initials  on the bottom of the shoe. A name like Johnathon or Rebekah may not fit but initials will. Or you can write the given name of the doll on the shoe. Sharpie stays on it very very well.
0,Excellent
0,Save time and DON'T CLEAN UP! Great color, just takes a few seconds to fully show up on the paper.
0,My son is heavily "into" Bey blades- the toys (which are modern day tops) and the TV show, and the website.		This is a different version of a "regular" Beyblade (Bey for short.) They took the "Twisted Tempo" Bey and put an extra ring around it, making it larger than the regular size. Then they called it "Tempo Hammer Hit."		They also put in little plastic "hammers" which pop out when the gray levers on the sides are tripped.  It doesn't take much to trip the hammers out. You set the hammers "in" before the battle, then during the battle, once it touches the other spinning bey (or side of the arena, or whatever) the hammers pop out. This pretty much immediately ends the battle, since Tempo Hammer Hit almost always stops spinning at that point. Often, the opposing Bey is not spinning either.		One thing to note, this larger bey went flying out of the Beyblade arena after hitting another "regular" beyblade. Use with caution.		This bey also comes with a code. You enter the code on the beyblade website, (after setting up an account for free) and then you can have online "battles" too.		So far, it seems to be quite sturdy. It's been battled several times with nothing breaking off yet. just watch out for flying beys!
0,My son (OK, "we") have several of the Schleich toys though "toy" doesn't really do justice to the quality of these figures.  And this one is one of the best.		First of all, it is absolutely huge.  My son (OK, "we") has several "large" creatures--dragons, another gryphon, dinosaurs, etc.--but this one really dwarfs them all.  It's certainly expensive (more on that later), but in terms of size, I'd say you're getting pretty good value.		Secondly, it feel/looks quite sturdy. Based on our experience with other Schleich, it's hard to imagine it not holding up.  These things can take a beating as my son and his friend (OK, sometimes "me") wage war on each other, smashing them into one another, catapulting all sorts of things at them, dropping them, and so on.  None have ever been damaged.  The only concern one might have with regard to this one is the wing joints, as any sort of moving part is going to be more vulnerable, but it appears, as I said, to be sturdily built.		the detail, as usual with Schleich, is sharp and vivid, whether it be the paint, the small designs on the the shield, the little magnet that holds the knight in, the sharpness of the talons, etc.		There's no doubt Schleich is pricey.  And it's a fair question whether they are worth the price. I'd say the answer will simply vary from person to person. But certainly one can't say you're paying a high price for "cheap" goods.  These will last kids a long, long time and I would imagine last through several generations as well.
0,This is great for children. A regular sized thumb tip is too big. The color is more realistic than the other adult-sized thumb tip we have too. It's kind of medium-toned and probably ok for a variety of skin tones.
0,We got this for our 2 year old grandson!  He thought that they were real and tried to taste them.  In some of the reviews, some people mentioned a slight smell.  Ours didn't have any odor.  Grandson played with them for hours, feeding them to his stuffed animal friends.  We are so glad that we bought them.
0,Nice set of dice, by Chessex and the green is really a nice color in the light.
0,My six-year-old son is a big fan of the Schleich dinosaur figures...he has almost all of them, and they feature heavily in the play rotation. I picked this set up for myself (I'm a lifelong comic-book reader in general, and a HUGE fan of Darkseid in particular....), but my son commandeered the set as soon as I opened the box. He's been playing with them non-stop over the past few days, and he loves them. As an adult, I can appreciate the fine detail work that was done on each figure, but I was worried about how they'd hold up to fairly aggressive play. Not a problem...There are no articulated parts, so they're not poseable, but they are VERY sturdy, much like their dinosaur brethren, and they hold up very well. I might have to pick up another set for myself....
0,It is Great!
0,Darling and very detailed!
0,Unlike many pools you see, this one is actually about the size as you'd expect from the box.  It has several activities  such as the ball ramps, the slide and the rings that seem like they might be fun for a younger child.  It is rated 3 years+, but the activities seem like they'd be enjoyed best by someone between 1 and 3.		The little pillows on the larger ring make a squeaking noise when squeezed, which would no doubt bring squeals of giggles from the tots.  The most fun part, however is the shower, which when the hose is turned up high whips around and showers everything!  This has been found to be hysterical, if best done near a flower bed that needs the water anyway.  At lower pressure it showers down one pool or the other, depending on which direction the rainbow arch is drooping.		Unfortunately our boys are a bit out of this age range (3 & 5 now) and while they enjoy it as a pool, its clear the activities are a bit beneath them. It is made of light weight PVC, such as you might expect from a drug store inflatable raft.  The larger rings have both large holes for an air pump, as well as smaller ones to be inflated directly by a person.  The ramps, rainbow and other accessories are all person inflatable only.  The air-pump holes are also not valved, so be quick about getting the caps on!  I suspect it will prove not be as durable and easy to use as our previous pool, which was better constructed, though also made by Intex.		In short, a toddler would love this pool, and if it didn't survive more than one season it is probably still a value.  For larger kids prone to running jumps onto the tubes, there may be a better choice.  At this point I expect to be looking again next year.
0,Thanks!
0,Awesome. Just like the one I had when I was a kid, and now I can share that enjoyment with my 5 year old son. He absolutely loves it. Sturdy, fun, realistic. What more can you ask for.
0,good product and price
0,My preschoolers love these!
0,My kids play with these daily. One of our favorite toys of all time!
0,I love the 1960s vibe in this set, including the flat shoes.  The only things that detract from it are the usual plain backs on the dress & top & the weird pointy plastic necklace.  I hope Mattel makes more sets like this one.
0,Bought all the planes characters in Die Cast.  Played with all the time.  Hold up very well even when taken outside to the sandbox all summer long.
0,also a christmas girt for my granddaughtr im sure she  will love them
0,My (almost) 2 year old got this set for Christmas and absolutely loves it. The quality is amazing - very durable and I love that it's a green product so I don't have to worry about any health hazards. I would definitely recommend this set.
0,Bought this for my 2 year old great-grandson.  He and his 6 little friends had so much fun in it.  It was really tested for its durability the day of his party and it held up fine!  I was expecting it to pop up without having to do much to it but it did have a couple of steel bars that had to be inserted first.  He loved standing up and looking through the top at everybody.  It isn't real big which is a plus because they don't have a huge living room or place to set it up.  It was a hit!
0,My 2 year old loves this. Its so beautiful and rich in color
0,work well
0,Very cool and my 8 year old loves it.  He has it on while watching the movies.
0,Ravensburger puzzles are the best, once you buy them no other puzzles will compare. Great for young and the elderly. Only puzzle's I have ever bought that have such nice quality .
0,I found this is a great Christmas gift for young children. It can be used as a pillow and a fun toy.
0,Asa stand-alone product, this one is somewhat limited.  It works as advertised, if the child can pull out the "rip-lash" cord fast enough to generate the speed necessary to complete the loop.  Actually the kids seem to have more fun when the car does not and it crashes.  It is designed as an inducement to buy the other parts of the complete Cars experience from Hot Wheels.  It comes with one car, which is to hopefully get you to buy more cars.  Seems stury enough, however the car is what takes the wear and terar, and only time can tell that one.
0,Looked slightly different from the picture, but mine is GORGEOUS! Obviously they are all different, as they are hand-painted. Anyways, the rainbow in her mane and tail fade perfectly, she stands well, but I do have to complain about Amazon's packing services. She was delicately wrapped with twisty-ties to her box, but her head was bound by a scratchy piece of cardboard. Rubs all over her face, ears and horn. I know most people will be buying this as a toy, but I bought it as a model, and scratches and rubs are not good. At least I don't show my models or anything. But those rubs were an easy fix with some acrylic paint and a small paintbrush. Overall, I love this girl.
0,Adorable with soft fur. Not very cushy or cuddly though.
0,It was a gift !!! Good price , arrived in great time ! I would buy this again for my daughter to have one tooo !
0,Fun, all the family can play. You don't have to commit to a long game
0,Small but cute and somewhat interactive. My 3 year old son loves it.
0,LEGO Scooby Doo Mummy Museum Mystery set is a great set for starters. It comes with three figures and a interactive museum set. Lots of good playtime for the price.		https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b3bBbkqTB08
0,Our party guests loved the look of this when we did our halloween party. It is pretty realistic as far as being decoration and can be reusable if you peel it off carefully.
0,I love it, fast shipping, very good quality to the very detail
0,My daughter loves it and I got it at a great price. Same quality as other LALALOOPSY dolls, only with the packaging wasn't so frustrating.
0,in AMAZING condition, so used to these things coming with some serious bangs an dings lol, but these were awesome, THANK YOU
0,This version is super-fun!  If your family is into hockey, this is great to pull out for the long season, and play on a dime.  Great for ages 5 and up, and it includes a list of the teams if you are just getting into the sport (as you will need to know them all to play).  Have fun in the intemission with this quick and clever family game!
0,I got this for my girlfriend and she loved it. It actually  had a lot more detail than I expected and was also a decent size. The little speech bubble and marker are also a nice touch.
0,I have this on my living room couch.  Most people think it is real when they first see it.  And my grandsons love it (2 and 3).  I love Folkmanis puppets.  They are the best!
0,Great toy
0,Awesome set for the minecraft lover!
0,Really good product and I love the detail looks good to me but the face look to much fat >_<
0,They got the costume right, but her likeness could be better and her hair longer, the style	they've got her in is too much like Lee Meriwether's in the 1966 Movie Batman
0,Grandson loves this truck and plays with it often.  Service excellent.
0,love these for re using the bodies
0,A true classic.  We love this game!
0,Legos are Fun !!! Love watching my child build them and then use his imagination to play !!!
0,My daughter and her friends loved these for her bday
0,Well, my grandson loved this. He is quietly collecting all the engines.
0,Grandson loves it
0,This was a difficult puzzle, which I loved!  It was beautiful and challenging and a great crowd pleaser during the holidays.  What a fun way to give your mind a work out and drink egg nog and enjoy family.  A puzzle on the table gives us something to do and something to focus on and brings out great conversation and team work.  Love it!
0,Very fun minifigure. The details are quite nice and look just like in teen Titans!
0,my friends boys have really expensive ones that cost about $250 this one is just as nice and does a little more than the expensive ones!  My kids love it!
0,Cute, and big for the price!
0,Nice, design.	My son loves it!	I missed his first tooth but there is many more to come to stash some money in:)
0,The kids loved them.
0,As seen on Blippi videos. This was a birthday gift for our three-year-old boy and he loves it. The plastic seems a little nicer than many low-end toys and the sounds are cool. It has a miniature trash can that gets a lot of play-time usage. I'd recommend it for sure.
0,These were great for my son's Farm Birthday Party.  They were great quality and you can't beat the price!
0,Play pinochle when we get together with friends so now have a good supply of new decks.
0,This is a nice gift for someone who will take the time and enjoy it.  There are so many ways to play with it.
0,Fun for the kids and myself! They love to draw and they love playing with this set of chalk. The colors are very vibrant!
0,I have a rock in my garden that looks like a tree stump and was looking for the perfect little critter to put on it when I ran across this little chipmunk. I couldn't be happier with this little guy! He is, as far as I can tell, never having actually measured a chipmunk, true to size. Up close you can tell he isn't real but from a short distance, he looks like he wants to run and play! He was the perfect addition to my garden and I still keep thinking he's going to run off, lol. What a wonderful job Safari Ltd did making this little guy look so realistic!
0,It's ok!
0,My daughter loves this. She has been playing with it since she was three months old (not 4.5 months) and she keeps finding new ways to play with it. One of her favorite toys.
0,Much bigger than I expected.
0,This is currently my 9 month old son's favorite toy. I don't know what it is about this toy, but out of all the toys in his playroom, he naturally gravitates towards this one. I think he really enjoys the assorted colors. Currently, he really likes banging the pieces together, and is not currently utilizing the stacking feature. He also likes grabbing the toy when they are assembled into balls. What I also like about this toy is that it is great for travel; you can take it apart and put the pieces inside of each other for on-the-go. I have noticed that although all of the pieces are able to be interchanged and can be clicked into each other (i.e. you can click piece "4" into piece "1" if you wanted to), some of the pieces click together more easily than others. I'm not sure if this is the result of a faulty plastic tab within some of the pieces or simply flawed design, but regardless, I would highly recommend this toy for your little one.
0,Ok
0,As expected!
0,my granddaughter loved this
0,Funny stuffed animal.
0,My daughter loves all things Disney (like her Mommy) so I order this for her 10th birthday. I brought some of the decorations on our recent trip to Disney World so that I could decorate our hotel room. It looked great and was so much fun.  I then used it on her actual birthday at home.  There were enough pieces to spread out through a few rooms. I used it in conjunction with a Minnie Mouse kit but you really could have just this one kit. I used the stand-up pieces on the dining table. Really sweet set.
0,This is made much with much heavier plastic than most. It has held up well and done the job. My daughter has played with this for many hours...
0,Great toys
0,This puzzle is very challenging with very uniquely shaped pieces. Will challenge even skilled puzzle solvers
0,Bought these as a gift for my son who is a big Zelda fan....he was really pleased with them, and once he opened the deck, I could see that they exceeded my expectations too. They appear to be made of thin flexible plastic, which seems quite durable....no frayed edges from frequent use! the artwork is varied, and it's good quality pictures done justice by good quality printing. I had been a bit skeptical about imported products and especially at this low price, but they're very good quality.
0,We have another Shure dress-up set and have been very pleased with the quality and durability.  My only complaints with this dollhouse is that the back of the house is not magnetic - for some reason I assumed it would be so that clothes could be "hung up".  Also, while the other Shure toy we have is great because it repacks in its pack and lies flat so the pieces don't fall out which makes for easy storage under my daughter's bed, this toy has stabilizers which must be screwed in for the house to stand so as not to be easily removed and they ruin the smooth profile of the box and make storage a challenge - especially with so many pieces (some fit back in the sealable storage box but not all).  And the last thing...some of the dolls in this set are identical to the other set (I haven't examined all the clothes so not sure if they're duplicates as well).  This was a bit disappointing for my daughter and again, I just assumed the dolls would be different as the set is  different but that was my mistake. Obviously it would be better though if the dolls were different.  Overall though the set is cute, well made, has loads of outfits and based on our past use of our other set, it should be very durable.  My daughter got her first set on her 6th birthday and is now 7 - she is still enamored by it and plays with it regularly.
0,Lovely. Just nice to complete for the whole set of VTECH Go! Go! toy. the plastic is good and safe for kids. Anyway the price should be cheaper
0,Grand daughter loved it (13) months
0,I bought this to be included with a gift box for my four year-old niece for Christmas. She's completely in love with unicorns right now, and I'm sure she'll love this little unicorn. It's small enough to be carried around with her, and is just adorable.
0,My husband and I have purchased quite a few items from Hape for our daughter's play kitchen and couldn't be happier with the coffee maker. The dial turns at the bottom and the little felt coffee pod even comes out of the top. The additional pieces help complete the set. My daughter loves it and that is what really matters!
0,it is a gift
0,Fast game, fun, easy cleanup. Worth it!
0,We love the butterfly garden at our house. This is the second one we have bought as the first one was used so much it developed holes. We love watching butterflies grow and putting all different kinds of bugs inside our very own butterfly garden!
1,May only have one play.	Discard broken only twice.
1,Didn't work in the package.  Bought new batteries, took them out of the packaging.  Only one worked and had to return.
1,I bought this car for my 4-year old boy. It lasted only 2 weeks. If your kid is rough on toys this is not the toy for you.
1,Doomsday is a pretty awesome toy, be aware that these figures are small... Like DC Multiverse, small. The typical DC collectable issues are still present in these.  The articulation for the ankles on Doomsday is so loose that he heeds to lean on something to stay standing up. My huge gripe with this set is Catwoman.  I took her out of the box and moved her arms down from her pre-posed position and the right one snapped off.  Clean off at the elbow.  There's no fixing that. And why Doomday VS Catwoman? What a dumb fight. DOOMSDAY KILLED SUPERMAN!! An all-powerful alien with super strength and Laser eyes. She's just a regular person who likes saucers of milk and playing with string a little too much. Dumb fight, dumb fight.... I mean, have you ever heard anyone say... Dude, who would win in a fight..... Catwoman or Doomsday? Shut up, no you haven't because it's dumb.
1,Horrible quality, I had to disarm it and combine with another damaged lightsaber I had to get a convincing one for a Cosplay convention.
1,I got this for my granddaughter and it fell apart in just a few mins after she was playing with it...The parts wouldnt stay intact...We thought about hot glueing each piece together so she could enjoy it
1,it never works. I got it for a present and it didn't work when I had to do it for the science fair.
1,Why in the world was this packed in a box smaller than the item?
1,Not worth the money.  It won't work half the time.  Don't waste your money but something cheaper and functional.
1,Cute but the cork in the jar came off within a half hour of my niece putting in on and we spent 20 mins trying to find all the little diamonds on the floor.
1,they had a sticker to hold the card in the pack but there put it on the card and now I had to carefully take it off just so it won't damage it.
1,Changing my review from 5 to 1 star...this stopped working after three weeks with no reason.  Such a cool product but obviously defective.		So cool!  Would be awesome if this did the phases, too, but my girls are thrilled with the colors.  An awesome night light!
1,First of all it is made by some Kreative company, not by My pillow pets. It is not a pillow, just plush toy of very bad quality. It is fake product, be carefull. Mine is already losted its coat(
1,not happy with this purchase.  the propellers themselves seem to be decent quality.  there are some marks here and there.  i attributed this to being balanced, in which 3 of the 4 i've opened so far were.  the problem is that these are NOT composite hub propellers, so they shouldn't be used with the phantom 3 series (which it was advertised for).
1,It works. I charges batteries. But it was designed by idiots.	I am an electronics engineer. Believe me - no one person with any brains will ever use locking connectors on the product which is supposed to be used for multiple connecting/disconnecting battery from charger. Especially when the battery connector doesn't have any features for holding it tight.		So, if you still want to use this charger buy also small electronics side cutters or be ready to use your nail cutters - using such tool is THE ONLY way to disconnect battery from this charger. Just be careful not to cut the battery connector pushing too hard on the cutter handles.
1,Junk never  worked and had a card that says do not return to store inside... Really...scam
1,Disappointed it wasn't a real roap.  Doesn't have enough texture for the kids to grip and climb up it's plastic and slippery
1,My daughter was SO looking forward to this for Christmas.  When I took it out of the delivery box, the white string on the back was half out.  It still worked, though, so I quickly wrapped it and put it under the tree.  Unfortunately, that night, my 7 year old niece easily pulled the string entirely out of the back rendering the talking part useless.  Her kind grandmother purchased her another one and, while this one still works, the string also was halfway hanging out of the back.  It does not fully retract into the doll.  I do not know if this is meant to be, or if I got two defects, but I am not confident it will last.  I will say that the doll itself is well made and looks exactly like the character.  The sayings also are great.  I hope the second one lasts!  I would not recommend this product, though.
1,Not worth it. Kit makes micro sized donut that tastes nothing like real donut.
1,Really cute but a nightmare to put together, it took about 5 hours to put together. Couldn't get the feet on because the bolts they include are too big, ended up stripping one of the bolts trying to get it in. I had to make the wholes bigger on the feet to eventually get the bolts to go into them, also did as someone else here suggested and added some dish soap. They also didn't drill holes into the fridge door, I contacted them and they responded very quickly and are sending a new door. Its a really cute kitchen though and hopefully its durable for all the work it was to get it together.
1,This doll is just too small to be loved and cuddled by a toddler.  I've seen it drug around by the toddler group by it's pigtail, but mostly it just lays on the floor.
1,Far from the best deal by volume for this product.https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00A811T74/ref=oh_aui_search_detailpage?ie=UTF8&psc=1
1,Please do not order this item. I should have listened to the other reviews. It doesnt not work.
1,Got this for my 6 month old for Christmas. We choice this one because my older two have Scout and Violet and I wanted my youngest to have a different one. I was really excited about all the extra features Cora had. About 2 months after getting her, the hand buttons stopped working. Disappointed I continued to use her at night because the music in her foot still worked. Those finally went out and all the buttons stopped working except the heart. After only having this bear for 6 months, she was no better than a stuffed animal.
1,The frame plates are "OK", but the arms are NOT.  So if $25 seams too good to be true it is.  You'll need 4 real DJI arms to make this things fly right.		These arms are too soft, twisty, flexy.  I built this using DJI components (ESCs/Motors), and Pixhawk, and spent two frustrating days trying to get it stable and reliable.  When I was just about to give up, I tossed some legit DJI arms on it and that made all the difference in the world.  So what you're buying here is simple FPV layout center plates.  If you know that going in you'll be OK.		So to recap:	- These arms blow	- Plates, are OK, holes are not all that aligned but they'll work.	- The stand-offs at least one of them came pre-stripped for me so that was awesome too.		Yeah, no, so for $25 save your money and buy something else.
1,Broke on the very first use, literally.
1,These are complete garbage. Unless you plan to keep them on a shelf and never play with them, I would suggest staying away from this brand of transformers!
1,Like most of the other reviews it continuously skips and doesnt play correctly. Wish i had read the reviews before i bought this piece of crap.
1,Has some cool tricks, but just NOT worth almost $200. Sorry, nope. It makes some clip-clop noises, comes with a carrot, a comb, and the rest is in a million pieces!! Very durable--will probably last a long time, but unfortunately it wasn't all that "cool". It took me longer to put the damn thing together than it took my kid to get bored. And the thing is huge, it's like another friggin couch in my house now... Should have shopped a bit more before purchasing.
1,Flimsy, and came with a small hole.  Not impressed
1,We returned it. The mask caused our daughter to have an allergic reaction on her eyes. It contains polyurethane!
1,Got our dolls fast. However the babys leg breaks off at least once a day. This was a present for my three year old and it breaks her heart every time it happens. I paid close to $30 for these on here and am very unhappy that they keep breaking.
1,This is purely a marketing ploy to get people to spend money on the label.  The toy is cheaply made and not work 1/4 of what I paid for it!
1,Santa brought my 8 year old daughter this drone for Christmas after it being at the top of her Christmas list for some time. It's a great mini drone to start out with and she was very excited to fly it.  The batteries last for the advertised time, the tricks are very easy to do, and the instructions included are helpful.	The cons with this are the durability of it and the ability to get the parts. After the 4 day of flying it and having some hard landings we noticed the frame had sustained a crack which prevented any more lift offs.  I superglued the frame together and haven't tried to fly it again yet.  It's totally understandable that there was some damage from the landings but the frustrating part was trying to find a replacement frame online.  The instruction manual lists a part number for the replacement frame but I cannot find it anywhere. I've looked on Amazon, Google, eBay, and the items website but all I can find are motors and replacement blades.  The part number does not bring up any results and so I will be attempting to bandaid the frame until it is beyond repair.  I will end up getting a replacement drone for my daughter due to the enjoyment she had flying this one but I for sure will research replacement parts prior to another purchase and that will be a large factor for the next drone.  There will be hard landings and things are bound to go wrong (ie. wind, trees, battery failure) but I feel being able to find the replacement parts should be pretty painless.	The one star review is strictly on the frame part availability.  Otherwise this would be a 4 star review
1,Worked great for 45 minutes, then wouldn't turn back on. Tried new batteries of course. Nope, it's dead. Will return for refund.
1,We've had at least 50% of these that did not work..Not a good purchase.
1,I don't recommend this.  cheap and really hard to color
1,Did not look like an owl at all...
1,My children were given this for Christmas. First of all, the sound on it is so low that I have to turn the volume up to almost full blast just to hear it at a decent level. Then I have to remember to lower the volume after I turn it off so we're not surprised by the high volume when we watch something else. Second, it's not meant for tv's larger than 27 inches so if you have a tv with a larger screen it looks terrible. For really young kids it doesn't matter as much but it usually only entertains them for a short time. The volume is enough of an issue to prevent me from recommending it. Also, if you're looking for something educational, look for something else. If the volume issue was corrected and had characters the kids knew (e.g. Dora, Mickey Mouse etc.) the kids would probably enjoy it more.
1,Biggest problem is that the battery compartment is badly designed. Batteries are extremely hard to install, pop out easily, and the cover doesn't have a screw to assure it doesn't pop open. Plus, when I tried to install the batteries I accidentally pressed the on switch (it's hard to hold the microscope upside down away from surfaces, so I was trying to get a good hold while struggling to collapse the extended spring). Shocked me and zapped one of the batteries (took the entire load for a moment, became too hot to touch!) Since the battery door could pop open at any time, there would be a chance that a child would attempt to put these back in on their own. Decided to wait a bit longer and buy a better one when grandchild is older.		Not as easy to use as binocular as I imagined. No bottom illumination (description admits this, just noticed that it may be a feature I would want) but bottom disk can be removed so it could be placed on a light source / glass table. Because it was lightweight I thought it could be carried on field trips to the park, but can see where this also means it could fall over easily as one person commented. Not easy to attach weights or a wooden based (would need to have a large hole or the removeable disk option would be wasted).
1,love it
1,Gave it to the cats as a cat toy.
1,didn't like this at all
1,I have no idea why this is being sold for over $100 when it's worth about $5.50
1,Looks like something from a bubble gum machine. Nothing like breyer would make. A rip off at $5.00. Seen cheep stuff like this all the time for a $1.00 or less. Disappointed that breyer isn't keeping to their standards....they used to make quality products. Their dogs used to look so real. Waste of money. Their some kind of rubber.
1,Very overpriced for what it is. Very small, thin wood, paint had bled over from one compartment to the other lighter colored compartment.
1,the color doesn't match at all. orange comes out of a pink pen  and indigo comes out of a black pen.  There is no black at all. How kids draw without black.		anyway we love the case.
1,Replacement batteries are $5 each.  It takes 3!
1,Sighs...maybe its me. I love the idea. My 5 year old son was excited to play with this. After I put it together, I couldn't figure out how to get spiderman to race on the track. To make matters worse my son hurt his hand on the web catcher thing. Right now its sitting in the box, wishing I could send it back.
1,I'm sad to say that this is the first time I've had an issue with the production of a Funko product. Her head isn't glued on straight. Hopefully they rectify the situation and we can get a better review.
1,This is the only toy that I ever bought and hated.		First of all it is top heavy so when your baby touches it usually falls down.  When it falls down the wheels stop moving (probably a smart safety feature), so when you pick it back up it is stationary.		Secondly, it goes nowhere, and thats when it doesn't fall over. I wanted this toy to encourage my son to crawl and chase.  However, it goes forward for 2 seconds, then goes backwards for 2 seconds and winds up all of 3 inches away from where it started.  Why would it go backwards?  That defeats the whole purpose of the toy.		Finally, other than the "Hoo hoo hee ha ha" which became a joke in my family, the sound is incredibly annoying and there is no way of turning it off.  This is the only toy I ever been annoyed by, and we have a lot of toys that make sound.		All that said, my son did love this toy, I suppose because of the wobbly arms and because if you hit it you hear the annoying sounds.  We wound up hiding this toy from him just because we couldn't stand it, and eventually just gave it away.
1,my drone fell  less than 8 ft to concrete and the camera still broke. don't know why i even have this on my drone other than it is an accessory.
1,My son enjoyed this toy however I didn't. He got frustrated too with it as well as I did because he couldn't operate the lift by himself which meant I had to constantly do it. The cars also hardly go down the ramp. Pretty worthless. The only reason it got 2 stars is because my son did have some fun with it...otherwise it would've gotten a 1 star. Totally not worth the price on Amazon either.
1,Doesn't work. The thing stays on hot no matter what temperature the water is. Don't waste your money.
1,There is nothing random or improved with this game. This stomach "pops" after the same number or times, every single time. My four year old HATED this game. Boring!
1,My son was looking forward to playing with these walkie talkies for Christmas. When I opened the spy gear box for him and took them out he was so excited. I put the batteries in them and turned them on. The video came on but he couldn't talk to me through them. He kept saying mommy can you call Santa so he can bring me another set. I told him that I was sending them back to the North pole. I told him I will get him something different. He was ok with my response. It's not worth the money. Just get regular walkie talkies. They didn't even show both of us they only showed him only.
1,This puzzle is so so. Pieces are all strangely shaped and a lot bigger than one would guess. They don't fit tightly with each other. The scale of image on box is off. Hard pass.
1,My pictures say 1,000 words. I'll give you three of them... DO. NOT. BUY.
1,I'm not hugely impressed with this toy. My 8-month-old likes the rustling green part and the moving yellow thingy but the rest of the toy is too clunky and strange to make an impression on her.
1,Did not come with the base, so it has nothing to attatch to.  Kind of makes it useless.
1,I was disappointed with how many duplicates I got with this one. I didn't get one card that wasn't duplicated and I think the least amount of duplication I got from this was like 6 of the same card. The rest, I got duplications up to 20 of the same card. It was quite unfortunate. Also, I only got a few rares, not the "bonus 25 rares", just like three to five, I believe. It was a huge disappointment.
1,While at first this seems like a great music toy, it has one giant flaw. The creators of this toy decided to put a variety of music types--from happy, calm, to SAD music. If you notice the button is surrounded by a quadrant system, with 4 different modes. One of which is for melancholy music. Each time this mode is pressed my toddler always cries, out of nowhere. And this isn't the normal tantrum cry, nor is it a shriek of any sort. Instead it's the slow eye water, pouty lip, I'm sad cry. I've NEVER seen that cry before until we got this toy. Despite the other happy music that is on this toy, I just refuse to have this toy played with. Yes, I understand whoever designed this toy wants to expose the children to a variety of music, but there will be plenty of teen years for kids to be emo. Just say no to this toy.
1,This is supposed to be new yes it is in a plastic bag and not in the original box! It's NOT new! I can't let my baby play with this!!!!
1,Returned because the bubble wand would not turn but very satisfied with mt second choice.
1,These take several days to hatch, and my son lost interest.  The characters do not look like those shown, and they're also quite slimy.  I don't recommend this product.
1,Reviews true. Cheap quality. Esc dead on arrival. Save your money up for a castle esc. You will get longer life out of castle
1,My three year old was bored by it. Which is good, because as another reviewer mentioned, it has high levels of bromine. So it went into the trash.
1,Ordered this as a gift from Santa.  Went to put it together tonight (12/23) and have only one bottom panel instead of the two that are need.  Because of the design, can't set it up as a single bed.  I suggest you look for another brand.
1,Didn't care for it.
1,I have played this 6 times or so, and have not come close to a victory. I love co-op games, but I also like games to be competitive! This leaves you with little chance. From what I've seen, success rate is generally 10-15%, which is a real bummer. While I understand some people say this game is more art than a game, and the point is to make you feel the pain of war, that's not how I want to spend my time. The game components are well made and it's got good mechanics, but it's just way too hard.
1,The toy is so tiny.
1,One broke on the second day. These are not the original, high-quality version. And they are not as easy to twist and position as the original.
1,Large Elmo balloon was defective.  Deflated after a few minutes.  Waiting on refund.  Other balloons were fine.		We ordered a few different sets of balloons and didn't have good luck with most of them.  Will buy local next time.  Couldn't get replacement in time for birthday party.
1,Mirror fell apart after 2 days
1,Over $30 for 12 shopkins?!  Not a great deal my any means.  Buy them for much less and put them in eggs yourself.
1,Received my order and 3 of the 5 batteries were DOA. Re conditioning did not bring them to a useable voltage.
1,This is a cool looking car I bought for my kid but quickly found out that nobody can afford it or have fun with it. I put in new batteries, some new Duracell that are supposed to last a long time, and after about 5 minutes the lights on the front were getting dim, a few minutes later it wouldn't go in reverse and wouldn't move the next day. It goes through batteries faster than anything I have seen in my life. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone, look for a car that comes with a charger instead.
1,The puzzle has a horrible smell. I placed it inside the toy cabinet and the entire cabinet started stinking. I then placed it outdoors for 3 weeks hoping the smell was cause it was freshly opened. After 3 weeks it is still stinking. It is a nauseating fish smell. So I am tossing the puzzle out today.
1,This was a big hit with my 4 year old granddaughter, but it works sporadically.  Until they perfect it so it works all the time like its supposed to I would stay away from this item.
1,These are not really completely plush.  The face feels like hard styrofoam underneath.  Obviously not washable.  I wanted to like these, but the face was also not as cute as the picture.  Odd smell to them, also, which may perhaps fade.  Returned it.
1,I've tried twice now to purchase these. The first set had several dents in the wood. The second set had a huge crack on the largest doll. Really disappointing.
1,The gum base took way longer than the recommended 20 seconds to soften in the microwave. Every time we tried adding another ingredient, the base cooled off and became stiff. We constantly kept putting it in the microwave to re-soften it but then It became a gooey gloppy mess. We were instructed to then knead this tiny ball for 10-15 minutes but once again it cooled off too quickly and stiffened. My kids said that the flavor we made was OK (berry blueberry) but the gum was too hard to blow bubbles with. I don't recommend it at all. The parents end up having to do the work and it makes a huge mess. My kids would have been happier with $20 worth of gum balls.
1,Bigger then expected for my three year old. The gun barely inflates deciding if I should bother keeping it
1,These are fun and will stick together in any form,  but they stick to everything.  I spent 2 hours trying to get them out of my grandaughter's long hair and still had to cut it.  It sticks to doll hair,  and my little pony hair. The pony is now bald. Unless you have no pets,  only kids with buzz cut hair,  no dolls, no stuffed animals, and only hardwood floors,  this is NOT the toy to buy.
1,you will need spare batt chargers for sure, but this thing is ridiculous. i bought 2 and after a some charges 1 went bad and the other is acting up. you get what you pay for!
1,This is one of my child's fave playsets. Because we lose parts, this is the 3rd or 4th time I have purchased this same set. All the playsets purchased at Walmart seem better quality. The pieces fit perfectly slide in & out easily so my son can put together & play on his own. However, this one purchased on Amazon, was difficult for me to snap together. I thought for sure I was going to break it. My son had to keep asking me for help to get one of the pieces to slide in and out. Feels defective to me...
1,This is too small for little ones.  My 6 yr old found it frustrating and was unable to see the ball and path clearly.  It is now on the shelf and will try it again later.  I also think the ball is too small even for me to see!  Don't recommend it to any age.  But I will be buying the bigger one as he really likes the larger version that his cousin has.
1,Two of the pens lights did not work. The ones that worked were cool for a while , but the light quit on them as well. Dont buy.
1,I didn't realize there are only 4 shrinky dinks in this thing, and not much to color in...
1,This wasn't the doll pictured. The colors on the outfit, crown, and neck thing where totally different colors that they are on the	promo picture. And also the "weird" eye thing is not attractive it make her kind of look ugly. I did like that she was sturdier then most EAH dolls.	And also her shoes won't fit unless she wears those leggings. One other thing the dress was so short that if you tried sitting her down	it would expose "private" parts. But over all the doll was good quality but not the one pictured.
1,broke off, fell off, baby girl was able to rip open cabinets.
1,Crap. Some stuff on Amazon is just crap.  This one right here, is a very good example of such.
1,Tiny toy not worth the price in my opinion
1,I thought it would at least have a mickey song attached, but it doesnt.
1,The clips used individually are fine. The concept of this is great, but the execution is terrible. Darts fall out of the bottom clip, they are unwieldly, and hard to load without either disconnecting the lower clip or dislodging darts from the lower clip.
1,The hedge hog was adorable, but didn't work when my child opened it for Christmas.
1,A CAN OF COFFEE HAS BETTER SOUND; WASTE OF MONEY
1,Listen to the negative reviews for this toy! It is simply a loud, mindless, noise maker. There is nothing educational about it. If you leave it alone for more than a second it starts playing music on its own, and then doesn't stop when my baby presses a button, so or does nothing to teach cause and effect.  The most obnoxious toy, couldn't wait to get rid of it. Buy leapfrog instead.
1,A lot smaller then I thought it was going to be
1,Everyone  could tell they look super fake. Wouldnt recommend this brand. Kids might fall for it.
1,Not very much room on the inside for change, its stuffed and not made very well
1,My girls enjoy beading and jewelry, so I thought we'd give this a try. I'm less than impressed.		The heart of this thing is a flat, plastic paddle on a spinner. It allows to whirl around clay to make a swirled effect. I think you could do the same thing between your hands and it would be easier. The paddle itself is a little awkward to operate, and it is really very simple.		The kit comes with air hardening modeling clay and some jewelry making supplies. You could just buy these things separately - which is what I'd recommend.
1,Cool set up, but the set I received has a lot of missing pieces. At least 30. Completely unacceptable
1,Im so mad... I ordered this for my grandson soley for the magnetic board and didn't even get that! Was so excited when it was delivered only to find it was not what it said..one side is a dry erase for crayons,the other is the paint side.
1,I had this game when I was a little girl, roughly 20 years ago. I bought this for my daughter thinking she would get a kick out of it when it pops up. First of all, its really hard to push the blue part down. Secondly, when it pops up it is sort of a soft and slow rise rather than the kind of pop that startles you, which is what the game used to be. Very cheaply made. Wish the classic games would stop being updated/re-released if all they're going to do is make it a cheaper garbage version.
1,Disappointing and cheap. Purchased on a lighting deal so I can't complain. Daughter 5 years old, played with it for 24 hours.
1,I got this for my son (who is 2+ yrs.) because I thought he was still to young for the Razor scooter (I was wrong). He doesn't like this scooter at all, he does 3 steps on it and he wants me to carry it. It's hard for him to keep pushing and pushing, unlike the Razor it's much easier. Very disappointing and waste of money.
1,The handle bar on this bike won't stay straight no matter how much we try to tighten it. The seat is also prone to move around. I would not recommend this bike based on the fact that the parts don't stay in place with use.
1,It was my daughter's b-day party and I thought that I could buy some. Her friends arrived at the party. 1 friend played with it through out the whole party. 2 friends had played with it for about 2 minutes and left to go play on the swing. Even the 2 friends had tossed the bow and arrow to the ground. Even I know why they did not want to play with it: they were small and the arrows did not stick well. I payed $21 for 4 bow and arrows. Even the string kept coming off. My daughter had helped them when the string kept coming off. This is not fun for my daughter and her friends. :-(
1,We bought this because my daughter loves Angry Birds but it is a pain to play.  You spend more time trying to setting it up than actually playing and the launcher stinks.  My daughter played with it a little with just me setting up whatever (since she didn't have the patience at 6 years old) and knocking them down...the real game play is lame.  I would have rather just had a lego style of product where you just buy more pieces to free-play with rather than cards and instructions--but they'd need a better launcher too.
1,Hahaha, I gave it one star because of the price.  NO matter what the supply in demand is, this toy isn't never worth that price. My son loves his. But I bought it at Walmart for $15.00
1,Not as advertised.  This toy is supposed to be 4.4 by 4.4 inches.  It's actually 8 x 8 inches.  I was ordering this for a diorama but it is much too large.  It's a nice toy for a kid but if you are going to include dimensions, it should be those dimensions!  Annoyed.
1,I gave it 2 stars bc it really couldn't hold my child's attention. Don't think she played it twice before not wanting it anymore.
1,I'm pretty sure this will hardly fit a child's head.. surely not a 30 year old. Cheaply made, but that I expected.
1,I must have missed the note/ reviews which explained that there are 150 parts that need to fit into each other at multiple points. People with children tend to be busy- or I'm just an exception - it still sitting half- built after months of purchase. Hopefully when it is built, she'll still be old enough to enjoy it!
1,This won't fit any of my figures...
1,It's very cute.  It works with full charge but unfortunately, it's not built to last and has been discontinued.  There is no steering control so it's essentially a "let it fly and run into walls" thing since it essentially just spins in a circle and floats while circling across the room/ceiling.  But once she bumps into a wall, there is a risk for it to flip and crash and strip gears and render it useless.  Certainly not worth the original MSRP.  I think it's more a $5 item max.  $10 is fair for the novelty factor since it's no longer in production. It would look cute hanging from a ribbon in a child's room as a decoration piece for those who love Unicorns, but functionally, it has no longevity.
1,the bike falls apart super easy
1,Most were broken upon arrival and those that weren't broke during my daughters party
1,Too expensive for the size and quality. Very disappointed.
1,Sharp edges!!!!!.  I bought this for my son.  I am 33 years old and I would not handle these!
1,Way smaller then advertised. Color was way different then pictured
1,My daughter was so excited when she opened this! It is supposed to land on the floor and continue "dancing" (spinning) - it has never once accomplished this task. She hasn't touched it after the disappointment of learning it did not work like it is supposed to.
1,I don't know where to start... I have been buying hundreds of products on Amazon for as long as I can remember and this is by far the worst one.... If you want to get utterly frustrated and throw everything out of the window, this is the right one. In short train takes an act of god to be properly set on the rails and after hours of meaningless efforts it simply does not stay on... I wish I had not discard the box and I would return that piece of junk immediately.... nothing was ever as frustrating as this thing......
1,It's a boat so you'd think it would be for use in the water, right? Wrong. The boat quickly gets waterlogged and sinks and water rushes into the internal electronics, killing the sound forever. And the sound was very muffled to begin with and never worked very well. This boat was not made for use in the bathtub or any other water. Poor idea, poor design, terrible toy.
1,Perhaps I did not read the description close enough, but the letters are smaller than I expected.  It was difficult to seperate the letters and the letters are not sharp when I use them.  I have no good way to store them.  I wasted my money on these.
1,My 6 year old daughter desperately wanted this. this has stuff which is worth not more than $6 and you can get all this from Joanne's .  However, since they put this in the fancy box, it is costing this much. The crafts are all cheap and just some velvette bits and stuffing that is not enough to complete all the projects (you have to go buy more).
1,Wish I had not made this purchase. I'm into maybe 5 hours of working on this kit only to discover it is missing parts. I called the phone number on the back of the manual, but so far no luck getting anyone. Parts missing are as follows. Both metal camshafts, timing belt, one valve spring, the paper gaskets were damaged as well. If not for all the missing parts, this is not a bad looking kit. If I can get the missing parts to finish this kit I will update this review. Until then...my suggestion is to save your money and time. Two stars for selling a kit without the parts necessary to build it. Anyone know how to get replacement parts??
1,Didn't last long with my 2
1,This puzzle is much to blurry. The picture they started with was not very good and blowing it up to a large puzzle is a FAIL. And most all the pieces in the box are same shape (the started puzzle piece). We prefer the common assortment of puzzle piece shapes so you can solve based on shape as well as picture. The blurriness is so bad that it makes it really hard to tell what most pieces are part of. Also bad is the larger picture on the front of the box has the bottom of the picture cut off (missing) and some stuff over the top of it too. And the picture on the back of the box, although it is the full proper picture, is small and is a FAIL. They should have made the picture on the back the Full size of the box or else included a large paper with the picture. So overall this puzzle is one of the worst we have bought. This will teach us to buy other brands. Best to stick with BUFFALO brand which is the best and always fantastic/perfect or the CEACO brand which is next best. I suggest passing on this puzzle.
1,These toys are not made to stand up to a child playing with them. I purchased this truck and the dump truck for my son for his birthday. Within 48 hours the music buttons stopped working and the movement buttons only work half the time (this is after changing the batteries).		My son still likes to push them around the house, so I won't be sending them back, but I would have expected the electronic portion to last longer than 48 hours.
1,Being these made by the same company that made pillow pets and other amazing soft stuffed toys I thought I give them a try. My daughter loved it but she's only 4. Zipper broke the moment my daughter unzipped it to put her things inside. The material are nothing like the pillow pets or any of their products. Feels like cheap stuff toys you get out of a claw machine. Piece a junk. What a waste of money.
1,did not open. I paid for Saturday delivery and it did not happen, despite being guaranteed. I had to purchase something else, so I returned.  However, it seems like a good price for such an item; the case is a bonus.
1,My granddaughter could not keep this tiara on her head. The combs on either side would not hold in her hair.
1,FAKESPOT GRADE	F	Detected	56.6%	low quality reviews
1,Not what I expected. Not very engaging. Features did not work, and sounds quit working within a week. Very disappointed.
1,This guitar, if you can call it that, is a complete and utter joke. First of all, its the size of a ukulele at best. The strings are made of nylon string and do not hold a pitch or tune. It really would only be suitable for maybe a 2-3yr old to play with as a toy. It absolutely should not be thought of as a real guitar in any form of the word. Do not buy this unless you are wanting a toy for a small child. It holds no real musicality to it at all. Highly disappointing and I feel cheated by the purchase.
1,Oh my god.. this makes the most irritating sound/voice.	It never went forward on its wheels.. kept getting stuck.	The faces of the cartoons on it is horrendous! I'm shocked at the reviews.. it's been a terrible purchase :(
1,Too small for a 3 year old. Better fitted for my 17 month old baby. The size of the toy should be accommodating for the age of the child it is designed for. The broom comes up to my 3 year old daughter's hip. She is average size for her age.
1,It's not gold ...it's greenish & beige. The printing is also off so  it has a black edge around it that looks junky.
1,There was a hole in it and the liquid came out.
1,I am shocked at how bad this looks in person!
1,This is the worst gate I have ever seen!  We bought it 2 weeks ago to help our dog learn that the baby's room was off limits.  Well, I lifted the lever to release the gate today and it broke!  The notch that we set it at broke out and shot across the room.  Plus it was hard to use from the beginning!  The directions are vague at best and the arm that locks it was almost impossible for me to get locked into place.  It kept shifting the gate off center or bowing to where it wouldn't lock.  My husband had to set it up most of the time.  Once it was up, it was flimsy at best.  It would fall under the smallest amount of pressure...like the pressure exerted when a child pulls up on something.  I know it is one of the cheaper gates marketed, but come on!  There is no way that I would depend on this thing when it can to the saftey of my child!
1,Very small to small for my 5 yr old and she's on the small side
1,I was pretty excited about this pail, which I ordered because I loved the Melissa and Doug Sunny Patch Millie and Bollie pail so much--but it was a huge disappointment. The paint job was awful, chipping, cracked, all over the place, sloppy. And the color was a ghastly neon orange, looked very cheap. Returned it and kept the much higher quality Sunny Patch pail.
1,I brought one for my son and my god daughter.  What a waste of money.  My son can not hold it steady enough to get a picture...and neither can I! He's had it since Christmas 2010, and quickly lost all interest in it.		I will be buying a cheap camera to give him instead.
1,Not as appears on picture or sizing.  I know it was inexpensive but so was making this type of product.  It was bad enough to have to wait for the boat from China then when it arrived it could hold maybe 10 regular sized legos when closed.  If the child in the picture is showing the actual size then the boy is elfin.
1,GARBAGE
1,The one I received is not the one that is pictured and described.  My granddaughter has one that she's had for over a year.  She got hers wet, so I ordered a new one, but it isn't the same.  I'm going to return it.
1,I've purchased TWO of these stupid Pop the Pig games for my son. And of course, neither of them work(ed). As other reviewers said, the stomach doesn't enlarge w/the pumps, good CPR practice, and I've taken both apart to try and fix the game. Just plainly a cheap quality toy. WILL NEVER PURCHASE ANOTHER GOLIATH GAME!. Waste of money.
1,I order a lot on amazon and this may be the only thing that has really dissapointed me.. I bought it for my girlfriend cause she's a crazy cat person and i got her so hyped up about this, well when we turned it on the cat took its quarter, and then it kept coming back for more, for 15 times until she finally said "thank you" amd then she stopped mid way to closing the lid, I don't know if this makes sense, but what I'm trying to say is that it didn't work for me day one, I kept it cause her cat finaly had something to stare at other then the wall
1,I paid 29.99 for this and I feel like it was really over priced.  I guess you pay extra because it's Elmo.  It is cute and I am sure my son will love it.
1,Complete disappointment. Hole appeared in Chica'a chest within a week. This was with minimal playing. This toy reminds me of something you might "win" at a fair or a claw arcade game. Total junk for the money.
1,Though the previous review makes light of the wing hinges not fitting properly in reality on a plane this small that can lead to great frustration, especially for novice builders that could very possibly turn them off to building.  My suggestion would be to stay away from it until this has been addressed and fixed in the instruction manual.  The fix is actually very much a trial and error issue, which I found greatly frustrating, (I actually had to take the thing apart and figure out how it should go together before I could finish it and the chemical that loosens the glue is notorious for ruining the plastic the model is made of if you do not use it sparingly) and I am a seasoned builder, most kids would walk away in tears because of it.		I actually would have given this model only 1 star because I consider any instructional mistakes that lead to having to take a glued model apart to re-construct differently than instructed, to be a "deal breaker".  However, that stated the amount of detail incorporated into this model and the fact that it has working landing gear and folding wings in a 1/48 scale (details that are usually only found on the bigger and extremely more expensive 1/32 scale planes) to merit a star for that alone so I gave it a two.		Once the instructional issue is fixed I would give it a four because it is still a small model and therefor hard to paint with any real detail unless you are very experienced with painting.		Stay away until instructional issue is fixed and even then would not recommend for anyone that has not been building for several years.
1,It falls apart after the second time you wear it. My daughter doesn't wear it anymore.  I wouldn't purchase this product again
1,Not close to the photo. Walkie talkies were blue with bat man logo. Would not order again.
1,I thought the moving legs and eggs that open when you drop them would be cool, but not for my 8-y.o.	He is into star wars, avengers, superheros, ... of course, he assembled it since it's a lego. Was he happy to get it for X-mas? not so much...
1,This thing is not even worth buying. Its a cute idea and a nice size for little ones but its just not very well made apparently. My little one wanted this really bad and so I figured ok fine and got it. I blew it up for her and when I say the thing may have lasted 2 hours (inside the house on carpet) before it sprung 2 small holes and deflated. Into the garbage it went, never again!	If they could fix these issues it would be a great little ball, but I am not sure I see that happening. Don't take the chance, not worth it.
1,my three year old loved this but it broke within the first few minutes of him playing with in. Very expensive and poor quality. Should have read reviews first. :(
1,This left the screen with luckly was protected...with SCARTCH MARKS ALL OVER IT!  BEWARE & JUST KNOW IF USING DIRECTLY IN IPAD IT WILL LEAVE SCRATCHES.  It was pretty sad, because my grandson just thought this was the coolest.
1,Not enough material at all. The clay was enough to make 2 of the snow globes, and we had to be really skimpy. Definitely not worth it. If there was more material and colors I would say it was worth it. Also, the box show items in green( to make seaweed- there is no green clay!
1,Ordered it 2 different times, got something else each time.
1,She won't stay on the horse.  Crazy bow legs which look awful when rider is off horse.  Pretty disappointing.  This was clearly designed to catch the eye in pictures but cost as little as possible to produce.  Thought the company had a better rep.		Daughter laughed how bad this is, was happy we sent it back and got horse riding young Barbie instead.
1,VERY OVERPRICED FOR SUCH A SMALL SET.  I KNOW THEY LIGHT UP BUT ONLY A VERY SMALL 1 INCH AREA LIGHTS UP AND IT'S NOT VERY BRIGHT.  YOU DO NEED BATTERIES.
1,It makes loud noise and only shoot the darts less than 10 feet. Seriously????
1,Much rather have the original playdoh;kt there is nothing plus about it. I stick to stuff it shouldn't  like tables, clothing , kids. It  doesn't release from molds well. My granddaughter also said it smell "different". I would recommend that people/ kids stay away from Playdoh plus and stick with the original. Waste of money.
1,Shrinks dinks shown on box are not what I got in package.  2 large insects (one which my son was dying to color" were not included.  Instead, we got 11 of the teeny tiny insects.  Disappointed.
1,Ugh... One peg came broken. My daughter was very  disappointed in product.
1,These glow in the dark bouncing balls, only bounced. They hardly glowed even after I had them in direct sunlight for a whole day. The kids still liked them but I was very disappointed they didn't glow. That was the point of buying them. I should have listened to the other reviews.
1,Don't stay together well, especially when you try to build something substantial.  Even bought the additional ones that are specifically curved hoping it would help in building something fun.  Constantly Pop apart.  Would have returned if I didn't lose the receipt.
1,Smaller than expected
1,It is very cute to look at and hear. But it is not a quality product. Within a week, the turtle would not crawl always when pressed on top. There was some kind of loose contact in the circuit.	After a month or so, it totally stopped working. It was not a battery issue, was just a circuit issue. We tried removing the cover to try and fix it, but did not succeed.	All in all, though at first glance i liked it, it was not at all durable and not worth it for the price.
1,Did not fly at all. Propellers fell off with miniscule pressure.
1,We got this for our 3 year old quite dissapointed. None of the puppies barked even though the box said one would and th ey have changed the pups so ice cubes don't open and close there eyes anymore like the old ones did. Very sad, I was so excited when they brought these back so my daughter could have one. The excitement was very short lived.
1,In theory this toy is a great idea and very educational.  It teaches kids how to put things in order and how to remember a sequence.  The only problem with it in practice is that there aren't enough sequences to do so kids get very bored quickly.  There are only 2 different ones on the first level and only about 4 on the other levels.
1,I received The piece in bad condition
1,Toy is for a much older child than advertised. Our son is 3 and is too young for it. He usually does well with age suggested toys. But the track on this is complicated. You would need to store it assembled somewhere because to take it apart each time is way too time consuming. So we put it away for awhile.
1,Purchased this for my 3 year old for Christmas. I didn't realize I had to download the books or I would have done it beforehand so it would have been ready for her upon opening on Christmas morning. Not that big of a deal and my fault. She was patient, but then everyone and their brother must have been doing the same thing because their site had crashed. I wasn't able to load the books until the following day.		We have at least 4 of the books and had planned on purchasing more once she was ready for older ones. I thought this would be a nice system to have so we could get books that would grow with her.		The batteries die VERY quickly and we had good batteries in it. They will continue to drain even when the system is not in use. Additionally, after only 5 months of not a whole lot of use (maybe used once per month for an hour each time), the pen/stylus doesn't work. The system turns on but without the pen the system is useless. You can't tap the books so it won't do anything. You can use the books by themselves without the system, but there's no point in doing that. The system was never mistreated and was stored on a bookshelf. I have no explanation as to why the pen would stop working, but it's hardwired to the machine so there's no way to replace it and I'm not spending another $35ish on another when it appears others have had similar issues with the pen.		It was a nice system while it lasted, but if I had to do it over again I would not have purchased it and I wouldn't recommend it to others. Unfortunately I purchased mine at Toys R Us, and I'm not sure there is any sort of warranty on the machine through Leapfrog.
1,Holy Cow!  How this item is legal to see I have no idea.  i thought it would have a small charge...but NOOOOO!  It packs a wallop akin to sticking your finger in a light socket and I am not kidding!	I honestly think this thing could kill someone with a weak heart.
1,This is for a one year old. My Grandson is 21/2 & doesn't fit on it.  He can't even pedal without his knees hitting the steering wheel.
1,All my son wanted was this for Christmas. He only played with it a couple of times because it honestly doesn't work very well. We weren't expecting a top end metal detector but it's hard to tell when it finds things. We even put things obviously visible to try to figure out when it was actually detecting things and that didn't work very well. Now it's just another truck on the shelf that never gets played with.
1,This game is only for two players so it greatly limits the amount of game play and interactions which is what my family likes about games and as there are usually at least four that want to play games this game loses out when we are making our choices.  If on the other hand you want to play a fast game with one other person this would be a good game for that.  It doesn't have the appeal for repeated game play usually once and done at any given time none of that "lets play again" when your done your done.
1,This toy wasn't really all that fun. I got this for my 12 mo old and now two months later he still doesn't think its very interesting. It plays a short little tune and makes some train sounds when you push the top button. Thats about it. The other pieces are pretty much blocks and I wish I had sent it back because it has just been lying around unplayed with.
1,I just opened the letters and there are several missing! They seem great,  and I would love to leave a good review because I really enjoy Melissa and Doug but We opened it especially to look at the Bs and the capitol B wasn't there.
1,I have yet to return this product, but plan too once I have a single free moment to put it back in it's packaging - one of the pins had a hole in it, literally 20 minutes after blowing it up - and we were playing with it inside, with my 9 month old.
1,They are the really small containers.
1,Barely spin
1,purchased 3 packs for my niece`s birthday, most of them didn't work.
1,Our little guy loves Imaginext toys, and we have quite a few. This one is a total bust. It looks cool in the package, but we couldn't get it to shoot without getting jammed. Very disappointing for Easter Morning :(
1,I should have read the reviews...NOT washable!!!
1,I was SO excited to give this to my 2 1/2 year old for Christmas, but it has been more of a pain than anything. We have gone through 2 batteries in 6 days with Thomas, he can't seem to make it uphill anymore, and the motor has officially given out. The interesting part is that Thomas was used the least of my sons battery powered trains (Thomas and James). The battery powered trains are pretty useless as push trains, as they are very heavy and make a noise like you are winding them up when they move forward. My son has the James battery powered train which still seems to be running fine (after 6 days), but I'm thinking about removing these and going back to push trains only, as he once had so much fun pushing his trains around for hours and now he just watches James go around the track with so much less involvement.
1,I bought these to go in goody bags for my daughter's birthday and they were OK.  The outside fabric was longer than the inside plastic by about 1.5" so they didn't close really good.  I would not buy these again.
1,The robot requires very bright light to run.  The robot doesnt move under normal sunlight or indoor light.  Have to put a 60+ watt bulb 2 inches from the solar panel before the robot will move.		Replaced the solar panel with a 1.5v battery so the kid could play with it.		It cant really be called a robot since its just a solar panel and a motor. No sensors or intelligence of any kind.		Still, it was a nice parent-child project to put it together.
1,Not worth $12. Cheap packaging and plastic. My 2 yr old kid doesn't care much and is happy to pretend play. I, however, feel ripped off. It should have been an add on item for $5-6.
1,This bouncer needs quality control. The thickness of the plastic was not even throughout. There were some areas that looked really thin and other areas were nice and thick. It deflated after 1/2 day. There was a hole on one of the thinner areas. I am happy to say that I did not have any issues with returning and getting a refund.
1,Got this for my sons 7th bday because he's into zombies. The idea of it was a good idea... Putting the zombie back together, sounded fun. But we were never even able to put it together! The pieces wouldn't stay & would just fall right out. I returned it the next day! Don't waste your time or money. With all the bad reviews they need to discontinue this toy.
1,I bought two of these batteries. One of them is OK, but the second one puffed after the third charge.	I never over discharged it or charged incorrectly.
1,horrible! really bad, the child hates, then the new faces are disturbing, the old faces were more beautiful and elegant, these are scary, the bad hair, horrible, do not buy, do not recommend it, Mattel has ruined one of his best products with new faces and plastic clothing, is cheap !! It looks like a barbie horrible and no soul! Mattel What are you doing? children hate them ... collectors hate them! just this horror! do not trust the YouTubers who say they are "nice and pretty" do it on purpose, are very bad, poorly made.
1,The pack of soldiers was open and missing one. It also had only a few of one position instead of an equal amont of each.
1,I bought this for the toddler who cannot leave Mom and Dad alone when they're cleaning! In that aspect, it does work and made our little guy feel like he was helping right along with us. However, the pieces don't fit very tightly together, which for us has posed a bit of a safety risk. Even for older kids I feel that this product could be improved to avoid injury. When the handles come out, not only is it hard exposed plastic, but it's jagged and sharp plastic. I cut myself trying to put the darn thing back on. Perhaps a screw-on handle would be better for the little ones.		The bottles don't open, thank goodness. The paper sign is pretty much useless (I was thinking it might be plastic too, but no) as is the box, but  my kid only had an interest in the broom and mops anyway.		It did reek to high heaven when it arrived, but the smell was gone within a week after being removed from the plastic. Overall, this product is okay for kids who are very closely supervised the entire time they are playing with it. I would not leave this even with older kids while they are playing alone simply due to the very sharp edges. Better yet - glue them on or buy a different set!
1,If you want a comparable game that you can play more than once, then try Elder Sign.
1,I am a big fan of Melissa & Doug toys/products but this one was not a hit in my household. While I like the idea which is the reason I bought it, here are some negatives that I see:	- Depending on the age of the child (mine was 3 when using it), it's easy to associate the picture on the "card" with the word being spelled. So, it doesn't really aid in reading or spelling.	- The letter pieces are small and can be cumbersome to take care of.	- There is no box for the letters, no cover for them either. This can be super annoying since they have a tendency to make a mess	- It keeps the interest of my kids for a mere 5-7minutes. Not long enough!
1,After receiving this I was surprised of the following:		1. It was used, package was previously opened and a pour attempt at repacking.	2. Scratches on it.	3. No where close to what the picture shows on this page.  Instead you get cheap metal from the black part down and cheap plastic above the black part. in the picture they show a different version all together and even the copper parts that lead up to the clamps are cheap plastic painted a fake bad copper paint. In the picture they show as metal or copper with detail, no such luck here!	4. The battery pull was missing and yes the batteries as a result where nearly dead.		If it was not used and scratched up I probably would of kept it and shelved it and continued my search for a better looking one like the one in the product picture.		So buyer be where, the one you get is more fitted for a through away version or for children even though it says not a toy, I also noticed the one shipped to me says "made in China" they did not mention that on the page.  Unless they did a bate and switch on me?		Maybe the picture came from a alternate reality then where my order was shipped from.  VERY DISAPPOINTED!		...and yes I am in the process of returning this one.
1,Cheaply made, handle broke in 1 day doesn't shoot as far as others.
1,Horrible item and manifactor
1,If you are incredibly dedicated you can put this together. Found it rather frustrating and not rewarding enough.  There are more fun models to build that aren't frustrating to handle
1,Foremost, know that this HUGE. You think you know how big this might be, but double-check those dimensions because this guy is HUGE. So, make sure that you have the room in that growing toy pile for this gigantic chunk of plastic. Secondly, KNOW that only Miles comes with this set. Man, I remember Disney pulling this little stunt when I was kid (and my parents never invested in the other characters because it was a silly ploy ... but I also never had the other characters as a result of this silly ploy and the toy never seemed to live up to its potential. Lose-lose) ... therefore, unless you want to have sad little Miles all alone in the world, your going to need to add to this already pricey collection.		Now, here's the real problem: we had so much trouble actually using this toy that it became the source of tears. Nothing works as it should ... and kids didn't have the strength/dexterity to operate it properly.		Even before we removed this from the box, it was frustrating (just Miles??!) ... and, even after it was freed from the cardboard, it continued to put a damper on our entire day.		Unless your child is the BIGGEST fan of this show, I would skip this particular toy.
1,Basically a flashing music maker. Recording is very short. There are better sound/light options.
1,A child's toy?? The chemical smell of paint thinner is overwhelming. I refused to even touch them, that's how terrible the smell. Save your money and look else where.
1,What you get is the 5 guns on the black and white illustration that says "Black Ops Weapons Pack", not the 24 guns shown in the photo when you click the link. It is very deceiving, and not worth the money. When you get it you will see this cost less than a penny to make.
1,just didn't go over.... not sure why
1,Recieved oopsy mazes one and 2, it was clearly not defined there were exactly the same, so watch out there. Secondly, you do get what you pay for. One arrived broke in half,the other had no metal balls ugh!
1,This is small!  Very small.  Smaller than you think.  Much smaller.  Waste of money.
1,I have dozens of White Mountain puzzles for a puzzle club that I run at school and have noticed the quality has been deteriorating lately. It used to be that you could work on a section of the puzzle, ease that section onto an index card and then slide it in and connect it to the larger puzzle. I can't do that with this puzzle. If you put together a section of say 6 pieces and then try to slide that chunk onto a card, they fall apart. It's just awful how loose they are. It ruined the fun of this one. Unfortunately, it seems they are going cheap now and the quality of these once great puzzles is going down. This is the second puzzle that I got recently that has such loosely connected pieces.
1,I did not buy these but I saw them in person at Walmart, for the price ($5... don't buy for any higher!) they are really cute basic dolls. They don't have accessories or articulation but for children first being introduced to monster high they're great. The Frankie is a little derpy, her eyes are very far apart, and the new look is kind of weird... I definitely would choose the draculaura over Frankie if given the choice... As she looks great and looks just like her character. But I don't think children will care... If it's their favorite character they may look past derpy eyes.
1,Name not on the list!  I bought this for my nephew for his birthday and was extremely disappointed that his name was not on the list!  "Scott" is not an unusual name!  Very disappointed.  I had this toy for my daughter and she really loved it, but there needs to be more names on the list.
1,This is not made well at all. If you are looking for a replica to put on your shelf, then this is the item for you. If you are looking to play with it, then I wouldn't recommend it since it the spring mechanism was manufactured very poorly. We purchased this for our almost 13 year old son who handled it carefully but it still broke easily.
1,I bought this because I had a much larger one as a child. The buttons are hard to push on this one.
1,Ugly coloring.
1,Within a few hours of getting it my daughter ran it on the carpet. Yes - it says not to do that, but she is a five year old kid. The toy picked up fiber from the carpet and the wheel jammed. I've removed the fiber I could see with a needle - but there is probably more stuck on the inside of the sealed unit which houses the motor. Anyways, it stopped running. Now it lives in a box that my daughter had decorated as its home, largely ignored by her.		Complete waste of money. But - it is cute.		cheers	--jsd
1,Made a mistake and ignored other bad reviews. Bought as a Christmas gift for my daughter and broke the first day!
1,My kids like this toy, but it is very cheaply made. The ramps and chair are constantly falling off. The balls that cause the guppies to glide got gunned up and stopped rolling. It only comes with 2 guppies. Two more and bubble puppy can be purchased separately. Noni and Deema are not even made for this toy, which really disappointed my little ones.
1,The true test of a game is to see if your kids play with it after a month of owning it. This one didn't past the first week. The little pieces are very easy to loose, and I honestly try to be careful with game pieces. There is nothing educational, since it's all about spinning and seeing what item you land on. There is no strategy, no vocabulary (which I associate with Fancy Nancy), and actually no thinking needed to play whatsoever. Even if there isn't much to learn, if it was something my kids enjoyed it might be worth the space it takes up. I'm sad to say this will rotate soon out of our home. If your kids is near the age of four, buy Sequence.
1,My kids are big fans of rubix cubes and the like.  This is the second one of the folding puzzles they have purchased, with their own money, I might add.  Both times it has broken within days.  :(
1,Out of the box, it was great! But, after about 4 minutes of running and less than 30 feet away, it lost the pairing with the remote - that was my first trip into the water.  Same thing happened about 3 minutes later - second trip into the water.  The next day, after recharging, the remote sparked and shorted out. Furthermore, I bought two of these (since you cant race just one.)  The second one also lost it's pairing - 3rd and 4th trip into the water. Since I had two of them that had the same problem that made them useless, I returned them rather than exchanging them.  At least Amazon was great about the return.  Suggest a different brand than this one.
1,I received this play mat for free.		When I unfolded it, my almost-2-year-old was immediately interested.  He rolled his toy cars over the mat.  He's also played with it as thought it were a blanket -- I caught him trying to tuck it around his older brother while he was taking a nap.		My complaint is that I just think there's better options.  I've seen playmats that cinch together, so that you can also use the mat as a storage bag.  And this play mat is kinda small - definitely smaller than I anticipated.		At the end of the day, it feels like just another toy.  If I were in the market for a playmat, I'd look for something bigger, and could also be used as a means of storage.
1,Seemed like it would be a fun game so I bought two packs for a family vacation (mix of early/late teens and 40 somethings). Game lasted about 12 miuntes before people lost interest.
1,This is great to hang off of a stroller, car seat, or gym bar however unfortunately ours broke after only a month of minimal use.
1,NO Included CAMERA MOUNT are you kidding me, had to drill two holes in the frame to  mount a runcam or other similar full size fpv camera, the rubber hd camera mount adds unnecessary extra weight in my opinion, no hardware included fore the electronics, you get what you pay for here people no surprises here
1,Way to small.
1,I try to never buy plastic so this was a obvious kitchen purchase. My son is just two years old and it was very disappointing to see him play with a plastic kitchen that had the upper cabinets, because with that kitchen he would play with it for literally a hour or so opening up the upper cabinets, etc. With this kitchen all of the play is very low so go figure its not as fun. DO yourself a favor and buy a kitchen with upper cabinets! My son will play with this for maybe 5mins at a time. this is the kitchen at my relatives house he will play with for a hour: Step2 Lifestyle Deluxe Kids Pretend Kitchen. The most fun my son has with our hape kitchen is taking the sink out and dumping things in the hole, yes the sink is always removable.
1,The strap didn't even last 20 feet with a less than 30 pound child on it. it was then completely cumbersome and hard to carry. Holds a weekends worth of clothes but not good as a ride on.
1,I ordered this because my 6year old had been begging me for a little live pet.  When I saw this one I thought that it would be perfect for her.  She was so excited when it came in only to be disappointed about an hour later when it stopped working completely.  I changed batteries and did everything that I could to troubleshoot.  I contacted Amazon about getting a replacement and the replacement didn't work at all.
1,One of the things I really liked about the Fashionista line was the fact that the Ken dolls all had real hair and they had decent articulation, including at the wrists. Now we're back to the non-bendy dolls, PLASTIC hair, and lately most of the clothes on these Ken dolls just aren't all that nice. I wouldn't even pay $5 for one of these. They're awful. I think lately Mattel is trying to kill the Fashionista line and that's a real shame because it used to be lovely, particularly the Kens. Other than the odd one off "extra" outfit for my Kens, because that's the only thing that's been decent lately the accessory pack outfits, not the outfits ON the Ken dolls, I haven't been buying much of the new lines. This is why...
1,Product arrived damaged with chunks of wood missing, poor finish coating, cheap plastic components. Don't waste your money and time ordering these
1,This was supposed to be a child sized hat. It's huge, it could fit an extremely fat man's head easily. It's sewn very poorly so it just looks like a big lumpy mess. The bow tie is uneven with the right side much larger than the left. It's just a hot mess.
1,Hard to put the base on without it cracking. The slightest pressure causes them to crack.
1,was expecting bigger bags
1,This ball is junk.  DO NOT BUY!  I bought mine at a local toy store but hate them so much I need to share.	Had 3.  First, it sucks to blow them up.  It is hard to get tip in ball even with lubrication.  1 ball we had the tip go through the ball.  This is WAY TOO EASY TO DO.  I'll talk about patching later.  The second and third I managed to get blown up.  The second lasted 30 minutes of play and popped.  Third lasted 30 minutes of play and then sat for three week being gently moved.  Then after three weeks my 5 year old started to play with it and it lasted about 30 seconds before just pushing it put her finger through.		These were advertised as indestructible balls.... Sure, if you don't blow them up and leave them in the box they will last forever.		When they were blown up the were so sticky that every hair, crumb, piece of dirt would stick to them.  And they feel slimy.		Kit includes 2 patches...  They work for about 2 minutes.  The instructions are pinch, place, seal.  The patches are not stretchy.  So if you place when ball is not inflated the ball, which is stretchy, will pull right out from under the patch.  If you patch when inflated it appears to work but minimal use (30 seconds) and the stretchiness of the ball defeats the seal and the patch is useless.
1,Tiny! Description says "1.8 x 4.5 x 7.5 inches". The actual size 2.5 inches tall by 2.5 inches long! This should not cost $13, I found it for under $5 in my box store.
1,This says 25 pieces but in all actuality it is 9 SMALL squares and the other "25" pieces are tiny edges. I'm so disappointed, I was really hoping to give my son a play area but this doesn't do it. I want a refund but I already destroyed the boxes once I opened it due to excitement.
1,I have no idea what this is supposed to do but it is the size of a tootsie roll. I expected an actual toy, not something you would see in a Happy Meal.
1,bought for my 6 year old son for Halloween. It fell apart that same night. He was very disappointed because he wanted to keep it for dress up play and not just for 1 night.
1,Had to return twice. 2 cars were always dead or didn't run like they were supposed to. I was very disappointed and so were my children.
1,This is a cute setm but very SMALL.  My one year old looks like a giant playing with these tiny toys.
1,This case is incredible hard to open and shut.  The lid fell off within 48 hours and was impossible to get back on.  It is extremly heavy and not portable for a preschooler.  I bought it for Christmas last year and it was in the garbage within 2 months.
1,I grew up with this product in the 80s, it has never been diverse. I hoped that by now they should have improved. Now that I have a daughter, I would love for them to have a more diverse selection of figures with different skin tones. All their figures available in the USA seem to be directed to just one demographic. USA is a very diverse country. If they want to reach a larger demographic they should bring in more variety. It really send a wrong message to children about what is diversity. Even their website game "build your Pinypon" do not allow figures of other colors beside white. Very disappointing and a little bit insulting.
1,Cheap. The nozzle thing is way to small to fit on anything and the balloons are thin.
1,Accustrike Alphahawk Comprehensive Review		This is Amazons Toy of the Year 2017 winner for the Outdoors category.  But does the Accustrike Series Alphahawk live up to that prestigious title?  Here, I have purchased one and done a comprehensive review on it for you just to find out.  The Alphahawk is a springer type blaster that has a fairly stealthy operation and obviously nice accuracy, but the good accuracy is almost entirely due to the Accustrike darts that it comes with (10, so it is a double-your-darts deal).  There is a sling-mount under the shoulder stock, which is the only sling attachment point on the entire blaster (unless you count the circular ring of the front iron-sight).  Like the fixed shoulder stock, it has a long fixed barrel that does not allow for any attachments as some of the other Nerf blasters may have.  There are two tactical rails on the blaster: 1 under the barrel, and 1 on top of the blaster just above the dual side priming handles.  The two grey plastic nubs that arrived separately from the blaster shell are (one-directional, reference the directions in the manual) important tabs that serve as the blasters priming handles and be mindful not to lose them because they are on the tiny side.  These stick out of the sides of the blaster, they can be detached once installed by use of a flathead screwdriver thanks to a slot above the priming handle (good move there, Nerf engineers).  I decided to only attach the left one for ease of transportation.  Personal preference.  I like that the priming handle is fairly easy to prime and has an auto-return spring to return the priming handle for you once the blaster is primed.  One interesting discovery of mine was that the cylinder rotated upon the release of the main trigger.  This is not an issue or complaint, its just something that I noticed that was different from the previous revolvers Nerf made.  The main pistol grip has a solid finger-guard that surprisingly enough doesnt cramp my fingers, but perhaps it would be cramped for those who have very large hands.  Overall ergonomics of the pistol grip I still find to be uncomfortable despite the soft rubber parts of the handle.  This is mainly because of the unnecessary orange plastic lip design at the top of the pistol grip.  My fingers have to deal with enough ridges and bumps on the trigger as well, so I feel that not enough effort was put towards the design.  It is annoying that I have to feel that jutting edge on my hand and thumb during operation.  This goes to show that you cannot simply put rubber cushion pads on the handle and expect it to provide superior ergonomics.  Anyway, moving on.  This blaster reminds me of the Nerf Doomlands Impact Zone Longarm (Target exclusive) and the Elite Spectre (an old Walmart exclusive which the Longarm was a re-shell of), due to the 5-dart revolving cylinder that can be popped slightly out of the left side of the blaster when the gray cylinder-release button (also located on the left, immediately behind the cylinder) is pressed.  As stated before, it comes with Accustrike darts, but it is also compatible with the Nerf Elite blue, green, orange, white, purple/grey, Starwars-themed, and decorated Rebelle darts.  Despite having a long and aerated/ vented barrel, the darts will fly right through it without affecting the ranges of the shots.  Apparently the long barrel is not thin like the Longarms, but like the Longarm, you only has 5 shots before you have to stop and reload.  This is frustrating during a Nerf War, and as it seems, Hasbro has yet to figure this out.  Not surprisingly, this blaster holds the least amount of darts that any Nerf revolver can hold, and is in competition with the likes of the Longarm and Spectre because... it not so secretly IS one, just reimagined and given better darts.  Oddly enough, this rifle has an average dart velocity rating around 60 feet per second (FPS) as recorded by my ProChrono Digital chronograph.  While I was not surprised at this velocity reading, I was still disappointed.  The standard average for an Elite blasters velocity is rated at 70 FPS.  I had high hopes that the Alphahawk would put out the same or more than the Longarms beefy velocity of 72 FPS, or the Spectre's 64 FPS.  I must mention that my 6-dart Elite Strongarm (Dart-pistol) sidearm is averaging 69 FPS and holds one more dart, just to give you an idea of how disadvantaged the Alphahawk stands up against a comparable revolving flip-open-cylinder blaster.  Conclusion:  is the Accustrike Series Alphahawk deserving of any awards whatsoever?  In my opinion...  No.  A revolver rifle that is both weaker and has a smaller dart capacity than a sidearm, yet having the bulkiness and length of a primary is not my idea of an Outdoors Toy of the Year recipient.  The Alphahawks 64 FPS brethren, the Raptorstrike, is better than it by leaps and bounds with its magazine system (inaccurately called CS, or Clip System in the past by Nerf) and functional mag storage capabilities integrated into its shoulder stock.  The final straw for me was the poorly designed ergonomics of the Alphahawks handle, and it is for these reasons that the Alphahawk cannot compete with most of the other blasters.  I am forced to give this blaster my mark-of-shame rating of 2-stars.  The only way this could get less stars is if it doesnt work properly or breaks easily.  I may return to re-evaluate this review if I find anything of value or something of interest to add to it (review posted 3-10-2018).
1,Not a very good product boring
1,Sturdy and cute product... but numbers are out of order and don't correctly match dots on the back!
1,I bought these for my daughters (2yrs & 4yrs) one loves ducks, the other loves dogs so I thought I was getting the perfect little prize for both of them since their are 12 and 2 of each kind.  But when I opened the package, the paint job on them is terrible.  Looks like someone rushed to paint them or they got smeared when drying.  I didn't return them, since the price I paid would have been about the same to ship them back.
1,This track is terrible.  We got it for our six year old for his birthday, but we have had nothing but problems with it.  First of all, the large template they provide for placement does not actually cover the entire area you need available - you need about a foot of wall clear to the left of the template because there are parts that stick out way to the left.  Secondly, the Command adhesive strips seem incapable of supporting its weight.  We have followed the directions and bought new Command strips when the first ones fell off, and nothing works.  I remembered having a Criss Cross Crash set as a kid and thought this looked somewhat comparable, but don't waste your money on the new vertical loop tracks that have to be mounted on the wall.  I'd rather have a space consuming monster than this monstrosity.		I edited this review to add the following information:	I gave it one more try and re-mounted it to the wall.  The track stayed up for a few hours this time (with cars flying off fast enough after collisions to cause our son to complain about how much they hurt when they hit him). I will say that this time the Command strip adhesion worked too well, and when the track started vibrating because of the cars running around, it pulled free from the wall, and the Command strip pulled multiple layers of paint off with it.  If you want a toy that can hurt your kid and tear up your walls, get this one.  If you care about your kid and your house, just move on to the next toy.
1,The brush is ok.  The handle is so small that my daughters are the only ones who can comfortably use it.  The sunglasses were a waste of money- they broke almost immediately. The second time we tried to unfold the arms of the glasses to put them on a doll, one side snapped off.
1,Much easier ways to do the job.  See wheel weights & split shot
1,This is very poor quality. I bought this for my 4 yr old and not only was it too small, it got a hole in it within the first couple of hours of being blown up. I would save my money and buy something else.
1,This is a really adorable toy. Wish it would have lasted more than 10 minutes. Got this for my 4 year old who is obsessed with police cars. One of the doors fell off within minutes and the other door a few days later. Figured since it still worked I wouldn't worry about it but later that day a wheel fell off. My son was devastated and I put it on the counter to see if I could return it. Picked it up to put it in a box the next day and another wheel fell off without and hard handling on my part so I know the previous breakage was not due to being ruff handled by my son. I was able to get my money back so it was not a loss financially. Just wish the product would have been better made because it was a really cool car with bright lights and could have easily been a 5 star product if only the plastic was better.
1,Terrible drone , terrible service. I have other hubsan x4 quadcopters and love them , thought I would like this one for camera. Maiden flight on July 4th quadcopter took off , I flew it about 25 ft. Away . Quadcopter falls out of the sky . Now I find that back left motor will not spin up.  I contacted the seller , made them aware  of my situation and their response was "very happy to hear that " , then leaves me a link for a review . Well mifly here it is . Your product is defective and your service is terrible . I would never purchase anything from you again. If you would have given me some service on the back side of the sale I would have given you 5 stars. I understand  things break or are defective for what ever reason . But when you offer no service you get 1 star cause I can't leave less.
1,lots of stuff in the box which would be good if I actually got a variety of colors. I got multiple bags of the same color. Not what I was looking for. The box is ok.. as a kit it could be a whole lot better.
1,I bought one of these a year ago and my son loved it.  He still plays with it and it works great.	We purchased two this year so he could give them as gifts.  There must have been a change in the way they are made.  The two new sound effect machines are junk.  Often the buttons are pushed and there is no sound - it is frustrating.
1,the one I got was not the same color as shown in the photo, it was significantly different.
1,Bought it too soon for a 5YO...it wasn't intuitive for her and she grew frustrated and bored quickly.
1,The basket doesn't hold candy. It's only a prop
1,My daughter loved it but the legs starting walking off as well as the ears. That was within hours of opening the package. She was not playing rough at all, the legs simply fell off. Very disappointed since this was her birthday present and she was so excited.
1,While my kids love it. We are royally pissed that the Hardware was so terrible. Rods where drilled off center causing stripped bolts and metal shaving everywhere. We were sent cross threaded Hardware as well leaving us unable to install one of the nets which is very  disappointing. The instructions claim to have the hardware separated into packages , but this is untrue. bolts and their companions (washers and nuts ) where spread throughout different baggies. 5 star from the kids ,but products must also be 5 star for the parents constructing it.	Side note Step up why in the world do you use awful hardware made in china. your product deserves so much better.
1,Not high quality. Make-up is hard to get out. All lipgloss are clear, not colored. Eyeshadow was cream, not powdered base. I got this for 6yr old daughter and she hardly uses it.
1,When my son chew on the sticker on the button,it is wet and fall out.	It would be better to make some improvement. For example, don't use the paper sticker to stick on the button.	Because every baby would bite what their toys.
1,My daughter seen this on the commercial wanted it so bad and it looks like it's a decent size on the commercial in real life it's very tiny	Not worth the price not a good toy if it was medium size and not super tiny I would have wrote a better review
1,Cheap plastic
1,Parts were breaking off the first day of use (no harder on it than on others in the same class), eventually causing it to be off balance. We haven't been able to get it flying well again, so it is unusable. My son, who saved up his money to buy this, is learning life lessons!
1,I bought this for my older kids (7 & 9) for school, and I have to say that is is way smaller than I anticipated.  I would not recommend for older kids at all!  This would work fine for kids under 6.		Update:  Since I have posted my review, I would like to note that coogifts has offered to refund me some money from my purchase.  Great customer service!  Much appreciated!
1,For a month or so the charger worked fine then it stopped being able to charge any lipo beyond 11.67volts without over and over restarting the charge process until it finally gets to 12.5 in 1/10 increments. I will have to replace it. Still works fine for S2 7.4 liposuction but that all. I am very disappointed as it was supposed to be a good charger.
1,Time is Change my 20 month old kid love to play on ipad. its a good toy but he never used it. he tried it first day 10 min then a big NO!!!
1,Doesn't hold charge well
1,Does not stay together well...my son has not played with it much as a result
1,Nice, but inconsistent light briteness.
1,Lose connections also lights flicker and just feels cheap	China junk
1,Very cute while it lasted. Very thin cheap plastic. If this is for a child that likes to play rough with his/her trucks...this won't last long before pieces start breaking off.
1,They did not glow in the dark :o(
1,They didn't brought me the right starscrem. So be careful what you buy.
1,Dice I received had some air bubbles in them, causing them to be unbalanced. Along with the cracks and imperfections on the sides and edges. Finally one of the dice was worn, cloudy and faded, while the rest of the dice were clear. I thought these pair was new?! This is why I hate Chessex at times, the quality control on their dice is poor, and it's always a gamble on what you could get online, not all their dice are of good quality, and it really shows here on the pack I got. This is not a surprise anymore, turns out Chessex dice have balancing issues, not all of them are balanced, that's why some people will roll more 20s or lower numbers, it's kinda unfair. I would beware buying this brand, or this set of dice.
1,This item is much smaller than I thought it would be. I would never buy this for my kids who or 4 and 5. It is not worth the money
1,Have to be honest here. This review is based solely off of the quality of the game and not the gameplay. The game feels super cheap. The components are so flimsy that after I took it out to play I just put it away. Someday Ill take it out and figure out how to play.
1,Pieces come apart. Not easily transported. Kind of flimsy. Space shuttle doesn't go down track well.
1,At first it seems fine, plays as it should but after a few go's, the cheap construction starts to falter. The mechanism that swings both arms out at the back fails. I've unscrewed the base to try to fix but it doesn't help. Cheap Chinese construction doesn't work for this type of game. The 80's original lasted a lot longer!
1,I received this toy today and it was going to be a gift for my grandson. It was missing 3 pcs, the red car and the 2 characters.
1,The little Wammy guy tried to touch me where the bathing suit covers. I was scared at first but then grew to like it.
1,the toy introduces similar learning concepts to most fp toys geared to this age range however it seems to be lacking, especially compared to the laugh and learn puppys playhouse. my son got the play house for his 1st birthday and loves it, as does his  (14 months older) sister. he is now 2 1/2 and he was playing with this firehouse. he started crying and his sister called for me to come and help. his arm was completely stuck from bicept down, his elbow at a point where i couldn't just yank it out. after a half hour of unscrewing all the screws (which didn't work) i finally figured out a way to free his arm (theres a blue ramp that you put the truck on for it to race out of the firehouse that swivels a little. i had to push down to loosen the trap, kind of like a chinese finger trap) due to this unforeseen safety issue, i have to rate this toy poorly.
1,I ordered 2 of these since there is only one in each box and I have 2 sons.  One of them never held any air and we couldn't find a hole or anything and so our boys never really even got to try them out.
1,First, let me say that I did not purchase this product, nor would this product EVER have appealed to me. I am a definite curmudgeon about toys. I don't like pointless noise (and help me! the Elmo cackle qualifies). I don't like character-based toys (though I will bend this rule a little for PBS) and I surely don't like toys with no point or purpose. That's three strikes against this item. The time it takes to get the mitts on is longer than the time your child will spend having what passes for fun with this plaything. To add insult to injury, only one of the mitts actually does something. We just got it over Thanksgiving and it has already been jettisoned.
1,My son loved it as soon as he saw it in the package. He used it straight through the first set of battery life and when the batteries were replaced it didn't work again. As much as the movement and noise would be great and the purpose of buying the product he still likes the idea of having a chainsaw.
1,Don't bother.  The one I finally got didn't work and then fell apart.
1,Flimsy, and very hard to keep together. Trucks can't make the full circle loops either without falling off. Waste of money. My son runs the trucks up the fridge because he gets so frustrated with what this toy is SUPPOSED to do and doesnt.
1,Luckily Amazon is amazing and I will always make purchases with them and their products. UNFORTUNATELY I would say DO NOT buy the Epic. We got two for our 3/6 year olds for Christmas. They are only allowed to use under supervision, and they have padded cases we carry them in. Not 5 months later, with 1 drop in the cover and case from a table, one of the screens cracked. Leapster has a warranty and it DOES NOT cover anything but hardware inside. This is a child's product mind you! I contacted them and they wouldn't work with us at all, offered a free game with a new leapster purchase. No thanks!  I will be buying a kids kindle now!
1,What can I say about this cow? Small. Plastic. Not what I expected. Maybe it's my fault, but I am not impressed.
1,The dolls are not good quality. The arms and knees do not bend therefore, my 5 year old daughter does not like these as much as barbies.
1,Very cool concept but this design specifically is very difficult to transform back and forth, also parts keep falling off.
1,It's absolutely ridiculous that leapfrog can't make their games work on all platforms. My daughters leapster explorer is only 2 years old, I shouldn't need to buy her a new game system just to buy new games. This one only works with the LeapsterGS. The packaging and the actual cartridge is IDENTICAL to the older games, you have to read the fine print to see that it doesn't work with the explorer. This was a gift and and I'm pretty annoyed that my daughter tore into it before it could be returned. She was SO disappointed. When it's time to upgrade her gaming system, I'll be rethinking leapfrog.
1,not the same as when I was a kid. had to read rules
1,I have an 8 year old who is absolutely mad for Beys since the past two years. We have buckets of beys and theories on the importance of tips vs fusion wheels and even an entire science project studying the pros and cons of certain types of performance tips! He has saved up months of allowance to buy Japanese beys and has watched every episode of the show available on Netflix		So, I thought he would be thrilled with this new version of the Beyblade franchise. So what do you get in the fairly big box? A bey stadium (with weird little clip on attachments that resemble longhorns but keep falling off), two bey warriors and two rip cords.		What exactly are Bey warriors? basically a fused together bey where you can only change the performance tip. Fused to the top is your bey warrior whose arms and head you can change between beys. The technique of ripping the beywarriors is completely different from traditional beyblades since you hold the edge of the beywarrior between your finger and thumb, literally pump the rip cord in and out three times before you yank out the rip cord, release the bey warrior and let it careen around the stadium.		Is it as satisfying as Beyblades? No! There is no 3-2-1 let it rip! There is no clanking racket and repeated collision with wobbling beys. The warriors are top heavy and clonk over fairly quickly. The interchangeable arms don't seem to serve much purpose and, while every 8 year old boy we showed this to was drooling over it, they all lost interest in it within an hour.		In the hallowed tradition of the destroyer dome, this addition to the Beyblade empire was, for us, a flop.
1,The stupid thing never worked at all. If you want a Barbie and play horse that does nothing then get this. You can make it do stuff but Barbie remote doesn't work. Kids were greatly disappointed!!!
1,Great idea, poor construction. These are not "boot covers", which is a plus, but, you may want to order a dozen pairs. Spandex sewn to thin plastic bottom.
1,Got a hole in it after one use.
1,I love the Doctor Who(DW) BBC series and therefore wanted a small piece of memorabilia for posterity. Searching for DW products within the Amazon jungle's extensive vendor database, I stumbled across a TARDIS cookie jar and a 10th generation sonic screwdriver. After serious review of the aforementioned items, I purchased the screwdriver. My decision was mostly influenced by the glowing reviews which I now believe were written by employees (imps) of the diabolical manufacturer. The only realistic parts of the sonic screwdriver were the batteries. The photo shop image of this item is a sham. The actual product is a cheap oversized vaguely familiar replica. The sonic screw driver is so large it can be seen by dreaded Daleks two galaxies away. This product is over priced (not worth more than 13 dollars US tops. The industry can create all kinds of shapes with plastics which are highly malleable. What happened here? I wonder if I can sell my sonic screwdriver at the next Proctologist convention. Buyer beware. -ClolC
1,Arrived on Time, unfortunately the figure is damaged. The face is not properly painted, you can see a white stroke on the face. I attached a photo.
1,This is the first bad review I have ever given - but this product is HORRIBLE. I read all the negative reviews before I bought it that said the product didn't work, but I saw a few positive reviews as well so I decided to give it a try. Bad idea, because the product does not work. The spots on the dogs don't go away. I thought maybe it was just that we didn't have my son's bath tub water hot enough, but nope, it doesn't matter how hot I make the water, the spots don't go away. This would be a really cute tub toy if it worked, but it just doesn't.
1,Updating a year later. Changed from a 4 to a 2. Terrible durability and pieces don't stay together for beans. Not interesting enough to keep the imagination of a 4 year old obsessed with Princess Sofia. Overall, a gift fail. Would not recommend.
1,I returned this one to Amazon because the part that shot out the cars seemed to be defective; one side always lagged behind (not much of a race in that case).  I even contacted VTech's customer service department first to question if that's just how the toy is and I they advised me to return it.  I did not get a replacement because even during the rare times the cars seemed to shoot out at the same time if not very close, they would get stuck at the curve and my son would have to free them so they'd go down the rest of the ramp.
1,Broke within 5 minutes
1,Came in and was not working had to send it back and get my refund
1,VERY low quality, flimsy cardstock that bends far too easily.  I could have cut my own if I wanted paper cards.
1,Didn't last long, exchanged the first one, then the the propeller broke fast on the second one. so cheap, looks coo.l
1,Not the best purchase ever. Was shipped broken.
1,I had so many problems with this that I through it away.  Buy another pounding toy.  The problems were as follows:	1.  The top part and the tray aren't connectedat all.  The top just sits on the tray, which creates storage problems and makes the toy unstable.	2.  You practically have to be a body builder to get the balls in the holes.  I could hardly do it, let alone my small children.	3.  The balls don't stay in the toy well and go everywhere.	Don't buy this one.
1,DO NOT BUY total peice of crap made out of cheap plastic you spend more time fixing it then driving it. Everytime i drove it something broke. you'll spend money on upgrades that come with NO INSTRUCTIONS it's pointless just buy an xo-1 it can actually handle the power and won't break everytime TOTAL PIECE OF CRAP
1,My son knows how to solve both the 2x2 and 3x3. The 2x2 has never fallen apart on him, however, the 3x3 falls apart all time time. Not sure if we just got a bad one in the batch?? I wish I could just return the 3x3 and get another one without having to return them all.
1,Doesn't last long.  As described, but if the kids are going to use it, it won't last more than a month.
1,Instead of buying this piece of junk, buy a couple of new boxes of crayons for five bucks. If you think you are helping the environment by buying a large electronic toy, think again....in a couple of years this thing is going into the landfill.	Stop the madness!!!
1,This is a bit hard for kids to do. My 11 year old even had a hard time cranking to crush the ice. I had to help both my girls in making the snow cones. They were also sad that very little was made and to make enough to fill even the little cups that comes with this, half the ice melts before you even get to add the flavoring.		It's cute, but not the greatest when it comes to use.
1,My daughter wanted this so I ordered it without reading the description. I see now that it is 2 inches and yes, this is true, only 2 inches wide so pretty much nothing you can really use this for. My daughter was very disappointed when she received it. A lesson learned. Usually I read the reviews before I made a decision but this item didn't have any reviews.
1,This is an absolute piece of garbage.		No assembly, and not very intuitive to figure out. Cheap metal, cheap screws that strip, is there any reason you need three different sizes of hex wrench to put this together?
1,We tried playing playing this game at every level and no one could get into it. :(
1,I like all the o ball toys for my 6 months old son except this one.  The grabby part just does not seem to really hold on anything and either leans toward the baby and hits his head or leans the other way and sits on his feet.  Skip this one.
1,Pros: Easy enough to put together. Kids size, they love to walk around it. The toy bins fit nicely  in the compartment below the table.	Cons: Not enough train pieces (only 5). The design on the table sticks, you have to put the track over there road so the turks included have no place to go. The bridge and "mountain" pieces are very cheap and break quickly. The track MUST be glued down. Too many peripheral pieces, trees, road signs (that cannot work since the road discovered up by train tacks), etc. That would have been better planned by replacing the peripheral pieces with more train pieces.
1,I purchased this as a gift, the packaging was crushed.  I returned it, and received a replacement.  It was also damaged.  I purchased this as a collectible item, not to be opened, so damaged packaging is not a good thing.  Amazon was great & credited me for the purchase after 2 returns.
1,Ho-hum.  I read the other reviews and really didn't want to spend the money but it is all my kid really wanted for his birthday.  It is a cute idea and easy to put together but the cars do not launch off the lookout tower base onto the track as advertised.  They just kind of do a small flip up in the air and land straight down, they don't launch & "drive" down the track.  After a few attempts my son gave up and moved on to a different toy.  Such an expensive gift for such poor design.
1,missing all the parts
1,Not very good quality drone. I got this for someone for Christmas and was kind disappointed.  First of all it was more expensive than a different one I got on Amazon. It did not have a camera as the other one that I got from here and it was kind of small.  After it was fully charged it turned on but would never lift up of the ground.
1,Fun for about a minute.
1,Undure how these worked they were hiven as hifts the packaging was sturdy was told by an individual they took a lottle while to put together
1,Hard to use. Crappy. Don't waste your money
1,I had high hopes for this toy as my kids love putting this kind of thing together. It just didn't float their boat and I tried more than a few times to get them interested. They stick with their Legos and the Lego sets. Your mileage may vary.
1,Hand doesn't come up far enough.
1,1. Electrical Issues	We had problems getting this toy to work at all initially - assumed it had an electrical short but finally got the brush to start lighting up.  Several days later my daughter went to play with it and no light again.  I assumed it was just a defective wire, but before giving up completely we tried changing the batteries even though it had only previously been on about 2 minutes.  It started working! As soon as my daughter stopped painting, I turned the switch to off but the brush stayed lit up.  I tried the off and on switch several times but the light worked in either position.  This explained the need for new batteries, so now we have to store it with the batteries out which requires removing two screws and a panel. The way the battery compartment is made it won't hold the batteries in without the panel screwed on - this is a major pain.	2. How it really works	The paint is the same as the color wonder mess free fingerpaints (which I reccomend over this product).  Each paint, just like color wonder markers, is made to turn a specific color on the special paper.  When you hold the brush (attached to a short elecrtical cord) over a specific pot of paint the brush tip lights up the color the paint will turn when it's on the paper.  The paint pots are all hooked together and have to be inserted a certain way (this is how the brush knows which one it's hovering over).	3. Fun factor	It's really neat to see your brush glow the different colors!	4. Painting functionality	It's a big rough bristly brush.  NO fine detail can be painted.  Best for my 3 yr old who just smears paint on, not so good for my 7yr old that we bought it for.	5. Practicality	You have to wipe the brush on a paper towel between each paint color then clean it with water at the end.  My 3 yr old who thinks this toy is really cool is too young to remember to do this (it's hard to realize you're going to mix paints when they all appear clear on the brush/pot).	Overall: Don't buy, too much of a headached on many fronts.  If you want mess free painting, get the color wonder fingerpainting set (about 10 bucks, we used a 50% off coupon to make it 5 and it was totally worth it).  Again good for a 2-4yr old, not so much older children.
1,Received a used product, no fishing rods included!
1,I have provided pictures of the wireing. You have to unscrew the seatto get to the battery, which the screws are soft plastic. Its been unscrewed twice and already is stripping. So soon we will not even be able to unscrew it to get to the battery. The car works sometimes and sometimes you have to shake the wires to get it going. That tells you how well its put together. My husband charged the battery once. I went to do it today and cant even figure out how or what to do with all these wires. But thats besides the point. My Son has a powerwheels that is so durable and one wire that plugs into the battery for easy removal. I wish we wiuld have just spent an extra 50$ and went with powerwheels. I don't even feel like this is safe for my daughter to be in. With the looks of it all. We are starting our return process now because it stopped working again.
1,DO NOT BUY!! Hello everyone, i hope you did not make the same mistake i did and bought this piece of trash.. Not only does it not charge my batteries but ALL Remote Controls that use the 1cell's that this charger will be charging are secured by velcro.. With this velcro on the battery it does not fit into these slots.. So now i have 10 1cell batteries (all with velcro) that i cannot charge with this $30 charger.. I still use the small USB chargers to charge each battery.. I cannot believe they still have these for sale.. such a shame, cause i love E-Flight products..
1,Lame product, save your money.  Such a cute dog, but what a terrible product.  I can't believe I purchased this and if I lived in the states full time, I would have returned it.  The concept is great, but the actual implementation of that idea is a big failure.  Save your money.
1,I ordered this minivan for my granddaughter's Loving Family dollhouse and other accessories.  My granddaughter plays with it all of the time, however, the doors fall off all the time and they are very difficult to snap back on.  She likes the van but I must say I'm disappointed with the craftsmanship.
1,Cheap plastic I guess you get what you pay for explains the cheap price!
1,This took more than 2 hours to build with adult direction. It was tedious, and the kids lost interest.
1,It broke as soon as my grandson began playing with it.
1,Although my girls love love love this set...I'm very upset...this picture shown doesn't match the picture shown on the for sale sight.  This is the last time I will order any product from this seller.  If it wasn't a product from uk I would of returned it.  Very misleading...very disappointing!
1,I got it as a birthday gift for a six year-old. After I saw one review about not testing it out before sending it out, I tested it. Guess what, it's a dud. Glad I tested it, I had enough time returning it and getting another gift.
1,so so
1,I bought this thing for my 2 year old son.  I was flabbergasted by the price at the counter but thought it too cute to put back.  It scoots very easy and turns round and round, however, my son just pushes it from the front (backwards) and doesn't actually ride it.  I put him on it and he slides right off.  The seat is so freaking big, he'd have to be much much older to even get near fitting it and I'm sure by then, it will be old hat.  I was looking for a trike for him when I noticed 'high' scores for this.  Just had to add my two cents.
1,Took a long time to come in and just not that cute.
1,I was so excited about this because my husband is a ghostbusters fanatic but it literally has a BOOK of rules you have to read before you can play the game. Like seriously 30 pages. We sat and read it for like an hour and only got half way through and finally just put it away
1,We bought this as a present, based on reviews on a board game Web site.  People raved about how action-packed it is and how their children loved it.		However, it is a pretty quick and dull game in my opinion.  It consists of just a lot of flinging the pucks rapidly into the slot.  Neither I nor the recipient liked it.		Also, on one player's side the elastic band is just a little too high; when you pull it back to shoot the puck, the band slips OVER the puck.  So, that player has to try again and has a definite disadvantage.		I would have returned the game but didn't notice the defect until after the return period was over.
1,hot item for one day and is bored with it now.....
1,Been better
1,If I could give 0 stars, I would.  It arrived weeks after it should have in a box that was completely destroyed (I know, not the manufacturer's fault).  But the toy itself is made with the cheapest material possible.  I am so glad I tried it out before giving to my nephews... It actually hurt when the jaw slammed shut!!  Needless to say, it went straight into the trash - I wouldn't even donate it for another kid!
1,Save your money, doesnt work as stated, and the LEGOs have to be apart. Also, my 2 year old just wants to try and sit in it, which has plastic prongs that move when pulled.
1,I bought this for my son when he was about 3 months old, which was way too young. I set it up and off to the side until he got interested...which wasn't until about 8 months. There is something wrong with the one we have, it's supposed to sing the ABCs and teach about shapes and colors...but the sound cuts out so he doesn't learn anything. It also doesn't seem to do the whole touch activated thing as it should. Maybe it's just the one we got, but I spent a lot of money on it and it's disappointing so I'm leaving 1 star.
1,Fun attractive looking monkey.  Launched about 15 ft. max.  We had a great time with it until the seam came apart at the head on the 2nd day.  Another character had the band come out of it after limited play.  My 6y/o put the head on top of an empty bottle of bubbles and was even happier with his "Robot Chicken".  Go figure.  I might buy one again.
1,My sister purchased these from my kids wishlist for Christmas 2016. My kids love to draw so I thought these would be fun. I should have bought them a regular boogey board. None of the "fun" sides or tips works with the board and then, the color is very dull so you can hardly see what they drew. The insert they use to show is super bright but in real life it's not. I can't believe we paid $30 for these when the regular boards were half the price this holiday season. Super dissapointed.
1,I purchased 2 of these for my son's birthday party. They were each in their own packaging, and both of them had a hole! When I went to get them blown up the morning of was when we were told they both had holes! Very disappointed. I could understand 1, but not both!
1,I love jigsaw puzzles. I easily purchase more than 30 a year.  I don't like this puzzle. Every piece you pick up, you have to search for in the picture because the people in the picture are nearly identical to each other and the picture is just a mob of people.
1,Shredded on first wear.  Just plain crap!  My daughter was sooooo disappointed.  Shame on you!  I have no more words to make it 20.  Just disappointed!
1,after one month of use, the dial only turns half way. very disappointed! it's not like this animal is cheap.
1,I thought the Super heroes would be a little bigger. These are like thumb size with many small pieces that could easily be lost or swallowed.
1,I would love to put the video up from my grandson SOBBING, AND CRYING, after only 3 minutes of having this inflated!! Why would anyone invent something that would only cause MISERY FOR A CHILD.? This is the most horrible gift to give a child......comparable to bag o glass on SNL.
1,Awful, this product doesn't work right out of the box, the slammer doesn't have enough power to get it to work the way it shows. Tested the heck out of it.
1,This was just perplexing. It's like they took Quirkle and added convoluted variations. The instructions are straight-forward enough, but then you start playing the game and you spend half the time analyzing "well horizontal and vertical match but this diagonal doesn't fit, but this one does..." and so on, repeated endlessly. Then you get into odd variations such as using the wind to move a piece to potentially a place where it no longer follows the game rules. So what then? Do you follow the rules on pieces played around the now broken rules? Everyone at the table agreed the game seemed unnecessarily confusing, with no clear idea of how you actually win. I guess it's got many good reviews, which I don't understand, as I've playing MANY board games over the years, both big name and small game company games, and it's rare to find a game that seemed this muddled and confusing.
1,The targets don't stand up on their own you have to prop them against something
1,Wasn't really impressed with this holder. I have too many bigger puzzles from Melissa and Doug that it won't fit. Returning it to by the bigger rack from Melissa and Doug and hopefully that will work.
1,Wow, what a disappointing product.  The instructions were really simple-- and we followed them to the letter.  Yet, NOTHING happened.  Not even the beginnings of a crystal.  Super waste of money.
1,9yr girl says she does like them after playing them
1,the ears don't fit correctly on her head, the place where her head joins her body is an uneven circle of cheap looking plastic and there is NOTHING i can do to get this thing to actually STAND UP. its extreemly poorly balanced and just all around not the quality i have come to expect from this line of  products. i would recommend finding a better figure for the louise lover in your life
1,Bought as a Christmas gift for two of the residents that live in the healthcare facility I work at.  I am sure the recipient will like. I purchased two and was surprised at how small they were. I bought others advertised at 2" larger and they were greatly larger.  Unhappy with the size even tho it was specified  it appears smaller than advertised.
1,Terrible!  There are only 5 holes for the axles to go through! There should be 6!  If you look at the picture, you'll be able to see this problem.  So, you can't put the front wheels on the train unless you just glue the wheels to the side of the train and not use the axle...but, then, the front wheels won't turn.  Ugh!
1,arrived as expected
1,Cute shoes but broke easily. They do fit Barbie dolls.
1,Was missing the cover when we received it. Least expensive we could find though!
1,My 4 year old broke it in 10 minutes
1,I read other reviews and thought this was a great idea.		However, the product has "bits" that don't match the screws included. Huh?		Wish I had made a better choice...but live and learn as they say.
1,Hey diamond people. How can you screw up something this beautiful. This figure looks amazing and the scale is so off that he has no place in legends or select collections. Ugh....
1,Broke quickly
1,Not made like they use to be. The diggers are plastic and easily broke after a few days of play. The old all metal ones were much better. Would not recommend this or purchase again
1,Not very good, things don't one up and it doesn't work that well
1,*Update. I went to return this and requested a replacement. The replacement, which according to the back stickers was manufactured at the same time as my original (Sept 2014), is also a piece of junk. The CD spins but the device will not read it. This is really too bad because the microphone actually sounds better on this replacement item. So karaoke machine #2 is going back! Next I'm going to just find a decent machine, no Frozen theme, to replace this one.		It died! It has such good reviews, it seemed to be working fine (though the second microphone jack didn't seem to work as well as the primary) and then it just stopped working after only one month of use! I'm going to try to work out some sort of repair/return with the vendor but I'm very disappointed. And so are my nieces.  If you are going to review this item, give yourself a few weeks. We loved it at first too.
1,Junk
1,High tech doesn't mean more fun.		It seems to me that this gun will get boring and expensive very quickly.  6 C-cells and 2-AA batteries at NOT included.  It is already an expensive proposition before you start to use it.  And this gun only comes with one magazine and 20 discs.		The discs can shoot up to 30-40 feet.  Since the gun does have a slot for a spare magazine, the Nerf people should have included another magazine and 20 more discs.		But the biggest problem I have with this gun is that it is boring to shoot.  Have you ever watched kids on the motorized cars and think, what fun is that?  Shouldn't they be on a bike?  This is the same thing.  Just hold the trigger and it shoots the discs without you having to do anything else.  Since it is not accurate past 10-15 feet, you are going to be chasing them all over the place.		The scope is just there for show and seems a waste of two AA batteries.  How hard would it be to put some telescopic optics instead of a green flashing light?		Checking Hasbro's web-site an extra magazine and 20 discs is $13.		Stick with the regular Nerf guns
1,Had an issue that you have to pull hard on the switch that activates the bubble pump. The little guy cannot give that pressure
1,I do like the greetings of different regions. Another noise maker but my son does use it for the most part
1,These eye patches were too large for the kids and since they are made of hard plastic, they were uncomfortable to most and were not worn much.  Though they fit with my theme, I'm not sure they were worth it.
1,Ordered 2 of these batteries and both were duds. Don't waste your time. Search and do the upgrade mods to the 107G's batteries and you'll be much happier.
1,there is no app for this printer!! Waste of money. Don't buy Please don't buy. My daughter is heartbroken.
1,It says 3 Piece Bundle Includes Tee Shirt, POP Figure, and Keychain Collectible!		I got the box the keychain was missing, the T-shirts was faded unlike it looks in the photos, the pop figure paint also was a mess.
1,Too complicated to work right. Does not stay together once completed. Parts fall off. I would not buy again.
1,they were all damaged
1,Funko used the original head from the first series, while using a larger body to match the other figures in the new series. The disproportion makes him appear "squished"  and slightly "off", if displayed with the other series 2 figures.
1,Doesn't work. Waited 3 weeks to review to be sure. It feeds them and they love it but they don't die.
1,Too small with flimsy paper.
1,Expensive for what you get.
1,My 6 yr old desperately wanted this for Christmas; it was THE top thing she asked for. Is it worth $50? A definite no in our opinion. It may be a tiny bit exciting to a 3-4 yr old, but I wouldn't recommend it past that age. It has 3 games, all of which are slow-paced and boring. Of course you can download more dull ones. The photo and video quality is poor as well. So, the top gift was a sham. I wouldn't recommend at all.
1,I buy a lot of Legos and owned almost all the City vehicles. This one is by far the worst design created and definitely not for a child to play. I think the designer wanted to add a lot of features to it to make it as real as possible. As a result there are a huge amount of moving parts in this toy that surprisingly only connected with the very least amount of studs (some even connected with one or two studs).		The bad: It falls apart constantly.		The good: Barrel does works and it does move little cements out of the barrel.  Two mini figures and 8 wheels are great for other Lego projects.		Here are the parts that moves and breaks easily		1) Front of the truck can be tilted forward down. The whole front is connected to the bottom with hinges on the front. Not a good place to pick the truck up.		2) Cement mixer's front is connected with too many moving parts. The cement barrel can spins, and is connected with a round 4 studs Lego, which connects to two Lego Technics gears.  The piece is connected with only 4 studs on a piece that is attached with hinges to the chassis. There is also another moving part to tilt and angle the cement truck.  The barrel constantly falls out so I used a longer technic piece and some other technic pieces to make it stay. It worked. However, another part where the it's connected to still falls apart. I wish Lego has a special piece that just angles the cement mixer than all these little pieces that constantly disconnect.		3)The end of the cement mixer has moving part that connects with 2x1 hinges. It is a side way build with the hinges moving up and down and act as a blocker to prevent little "cement" flying away when you spin the barrel. I don't think this is necessary as it doesn't really serve any real play purpose. Oh, it falls apart too!		4) Finally the cement floor where the cements roll down is also a moving part, connected side way with a 2x1 part to the chassis, and with some technic pieces and a hinge. It goes up and down, left and right. It falls off the chassis easily.		If anyone of you figure out a way to rebuild it to make it stronger and better, kindly let me know!
1,Does not look like it does in the pictures, It is very small. Looks like a toy you'd get out of a happy meal, :/
1,Cheap! Not worth the money ! Disappointed.
1,Agree w Kelsey. Thought I was getting two figures (not counting on it), but would be happy if I got Carol, as some reviewers said you might not. Well, I did get only Carol, & very disappointed. Face poorly made. I've recently ordered several sets/figures and the quality has been bad. Sending back both my sets!
1,It is not different from a $30 drone. It has no camera.		Also it is hard to control when there's even a little wind.		You can buy a better drone at the same price with a camera.
1,This is a toy, not a musical instrument.  This is not suitable for a student to learn to play with.  It will not hold tune, the frets are not placed for note registration.  It is cute and could be great fun as a toy - just not for playing music.  (BTW - it costs 8.00 to return).
1,I thought these would be great for my son who is just learning how to cut, but they are really hard to cut with, although they are safe, he struggles to do it on his own.
1,Put batteries in it and it wouldn't work.
1,Too hard to get to balance with no product tips or instructions.
1,This toy on the site says ages 18 months and up. When I received the item the box says very clearly intended for ages 3+.  Will return as it is not age appropriate for my daughter. It was cheaply made and poorly cut. I wouldn't let my kids play with this at all. The price was another low for the quality of this toy.
1,As my title states, the barn is fine--it's a wooden structure that folds open with 6 separate areas/stalls. But the animals--the main thing for my animal-loving child--are horrible. The turkey, horse and goat can barely stand on their own (the horse would be shot he's so unstable) and the sizes are all off. I luckily also got a Safari Farm Animal Toob and their animals are MUCH better--better looking and better made. Plus they're labeled lead and phylate free, and since MD doesn't label theirs I assume they aren't. The Toob--$10. How is this barn worth almost $50? I would be happy to pay it if it were made in the US (it isn't) or if it were also lead/BPA free. Hopefully this purchase will finally cure me from buying MD's overpriced "natural" looking made-in-China junk.
1,These are 1-year old small.  Even my 2-year olds are too tall to hold the like a real broom.  They are more like a cleaning scrub brush.
1,I read the reviews here on Amazon before buying the Munch It Food Set at a brick-and-mortar store, so I knew there was a 50/50 chance that it would have a strong chemical odor. But I thought it was worth taking the chance since the product is award-winning.  Unfortunately, I did NOT have the luck of the draw, and the product I purchased had a noxious chemical smell.  Strangely enough, the fumes seemed to be coming from the play food in the front (display) part of the packaging, e.g., the Mac & cheese and cereal.  There's a plastic bag of other toy foods stored behind the display packaging, in the box itself, which did not have any smell.  Therefore, my guess is that perhaps the glue that's used to stick the Mac & cheese and the cereal to their respective bowls might be the source of the odor. Anyway, the smell was so sickening that I couldn't sniff around too much (pardon the pun) to find the source of the fumes.  When I contacted Learning Resources' customer service by phone, they told me that the play food is BPA-free, but made of PVC (vinyl).  The representative assured me that the PVC is phthalate-free, but phthalates are only one of many unhealthy chemicals in PVC.  So even minus the toxic scent, this product would have been unusable for us.  Either way, it's being returned ASAP, and I'm going to revert to my original plan to buy non-toxic, eco-friendly wooden play food from Plan Toys or Hape. It's a bit more expensive, but totally worth the peace-of-mind, especially for a product simulating food, which is particularly likely to end up in or near little-one's mouths.		Grade: D
1,my son barely uses it ,few minutes before bed time like twice a week , last week I was putting in the password and the screen went dark blue. I let it die over night then I charged it the next day and it worked ,he used it for a few minutes and put it away ,, today I charged it to use it and the nabi logo came on then the screen went blue again . he has not caused and damage to it at all we've only had it 2months this is very disappointing
1,The projecting light not work.
1,Not very bright. :(
1,You have to push the tip down hard completely flat on the surface for it to write, you can't hold it at an angle, and my 2.5 year old can't seem to figure out how to make it write.
1,Picked this figure up for my five-year daughter's birthday as a role model on how little girls should dress. Along with the generous gift certificate to Sports Authority and Hot Topic, my life partner took her shopping for this and similar outfits. To say I was a proud father, that would be a severe understatement.	With that said, I also became a sorely angered father when the school sent her home for wearing this outfit on the first day.	That in itself would of been just fine, we could of had a daddies and  daughter date that day.	No.	The school contacted state child welfare protective service and home invasion on us.	The next couple of weeks my life partner and I had these college intern students at our mobile home in the truck stop and Walmart* parking lot over about every day. They would ask us all kinds of questions and started looking at our computers.  We finally just had to drive off to another Walmart* parking lot in a different state until they backed off. My life partner didn't want any of his animated LEGO movies deleted.	I guess the school had a problem with a little girl bringing a baseball bat to school instead of using one of theirs.
1,Travel version
1,The very first thing that strikes you about this figure, is wondering where the rest of it is. Jorge is by far the biggest character in the Halo: Reach game, an absolutely towering individual, but this figure looks very plain and even thin. There's a lot of focus on including all of the bits of his armor to make the figure look accurate, but they missed something as obvious as the man's build. That first impression carries through.		There's great articulation in this figure, but it compounds the lack of mass. Not only is this figure not big enough, but all the articulation points seem to take off even more weight. Instead of looking like the wall of soldier that this guy is, his puny joints make him look almost frail. The arms of the figure are dispraportionately tiny, partially owing to the extra joints.		The paint feels a little lazy. There used to be a time when every McFarlane figure had a real sense of art. The quality of a McFarlane toy was such that you'd just as soon hang the piece obove your mantle as play with it. The Jorge toy seems very loveless by comparison, and feels like the mass produced bit of plastic it is.		These elements might be okay if this were just any old action figure, but this product is marketed as being more of a premium collector's item, with a price placing it above dollar-store fare. If you're going to slap a brand on a product, and charge appropriate moneys, you need to have the quality to back it up. That quality is overall lacking from the Halo Reach Series 1 line of figures, and it's true of Jorge in particular.
1,My daughter received this as a 1st birthday present.  She is totally uninterested in it.  I keep it out, just in case she changes her mind, but so far it is a fail.  Save your $.
1,I hate I have to even give this 1 star.  This is plastic JUNK. AND I paid $26 for this. It does nothing, the button for the water cannon is hard to press. Well guess what happens then.... the suction cups fall. GARBAGE and I'm returning!!!
1,Looking at yhe three dolls not reading you think all three are for eight dollars.
1,VERY cute idea but executed poorly. My son does love to put the weebles in the swing over and over. He does like the slide but gets frustrated with the bridge since this does NOT work at all. It is not of sturdy construction plastic so it is very flimsy for the age group.		 I must be playing with him to play with this toy, which is fine, but prefer toys he is able to play with alone to learn independence. He plays with the weebles with other toys instead.
1,This skirt is made of a very heavy felt.  There is a lot of fabric which weighs the skirt down.  My daughter needed this for a school concert, and it is too heavy to really dance in.  The poodle is cute, and I like that it came with a scarf.  If you're looking for a lightweight skirt, this is not the one.
1,My five year old daughter plays with her Polly Pockets more than any other toy she owns.  She loves to play with them in a big bowl of water and pretend they are swimming.  I bought her this to make it more exciting. The wave, slide and dolphins fall off constantly and she cannot get them back on by herself.  The doll that came with the set broke less than a month after she got it.  In addition, the area to put the water is very shallow so it spills all over the place.  Even with a thick towel, underneath, I'm still sopping water off the floor after she's done.  I truly wish they would make these Polly Pocket toys more durable.
1,These arrived open, scratched, and used clearly.
1,This Nerf Rebelle Diamondista crossbow worked well for approximately 6 shots before breaking! As several other reviewers stated, something about the plastic inner trigger set-up kept jamming. No matter how we fiddled with it, we could not get it properly aligned to allow the trigger to release a dart. Interestingly, my daughter bought THIS model, to replace the Nerf Rebelle Heartbreaker Bow (aptly named!) that she got for Christmas, which fired exactly FOUR darts before breaking, ON Christmas morning! I hopped on Amazon immediately and posted a bad review for that toy, stunned that the ONE thing my daughter really wanted Christmas turned out to be junk. Shortly after the holidays, we noticed that the Heartbreaker bow was no longer available in any local store, and I assumed it was because it was a poorly-made, kid-disappointing toy! Now, the very toy my daughter picks to replace it, does exactly the same thing--breaks almost immediately out of the package! GAH!!! I have to give Nerf props for marketing--the commercials are great and they sure sold my daughter. Too bad they can't follow up with a quality product for girls in the way they have clearly mastered with their standard line of (boys) toys! Sheesh!		Nerf Rebelle, we are DONE with you! Never again.
1,Target arrive with one piece broken.  It won't stay on the base. Disappointing
1,These white LED lights are a waste.  I got 3 sets (12 in a set) and at least 3-4 from EACH pack do not work.  TERRIBLE.
1,Downright ugly misrepresentation of Alex Kingston. I'm hoping a Husbands of River Song version will fix the error and replace this space filler in my collection of Doctors and companions.
1,The whole book is in English! There are pretty much NO Mandarin Chinese Words as described on the cover! Back to old-fashioned reading to my child in Mandarin. Wish there was a Mandarin-only line of Leapfrog products to supplement young learners of the language.
1,paint chips apart and makes a mess, doesn't tear on the dotted lines. the paint doesn't mix up well at all. skip it
1,barbie came with bent up wings and knotted up hair. this barbie is cheap because it looks very cheap. my daughter liked it, but I wouldn't buy it again.
1,I'm not happy about it
1,These are some really weak Lego knockoffs.  Hulk is the same size as spiderman.  Very disappointing.
1,I guess I learned my lesson.  I read the reviews of this product, and was unsure, but I bought it anyway.  A waste of money for me.  Maybe my son was too old for it to begin with, but they have to be old/big enough to reach the kick pad, so what age is this meant for?  Didn't stay in place, held no interest for my son.  We're back to the better quality mirror without any kicking gimmicks and I've found other ways to entertain my son in the car.  A total waste of my money this time...
1,It was fun while it lasted.  Apparently, we were lucky because it lasted us 3 hours.  The package said it has a Lifetime Warranty, but when you actually get down to it, you have to mail in 6.99 and pay to ship the valve part with logo back into the company.  I'm not sure it is worth $3 per hour to play with it. My daughter spent her own money on it and did not even get to see it glow in the dark because it was broken before dusk.
1,The Wall-e looks exactly as shown, and I am very pleased with it. Unfortunately, the "care tag" is marked - Kohl's Cares and has a price tag of $5.00 printed inside as well as on the back of the care tag.  This is a gift, and the only thing I can think of, is to remove the "care tag" and relay the message to his mother on how to wash and care for it. I would not mind if I had paid $5.00 for it, but in fact, I paid $14.60 for it.  But--as I stated, I am pleased with the product itself, and, it is exactly what my great-grand son (age 3) requested for his 4th birthday.
1,Very disappointed with the size of the item. It seems the product would be much bigger for tiny hands to actually be able to manipulate and be successful at doing so.
1,Arrived in bad shape. Scratched up. Lots of assembly.	Be weary of the price games. Amazon changes it by the hour on this item.
1,Totally boring for a nine year old with an iPad.  Texting doesn't come to your iPad email, it's s little app you open up like you're playing a game.
1,waited 3 weeks for this and it doesn't fit my h107c!
1,Not the best. Color is dull and texture is not comfortable in the hand to play with.
1,Used it twice and it broke...was fun while it lasted.
1,It wasn't as cute as expected so I returned it unopened.  It didn't come with any accessories.  Don't buy it.
1,This was a gift for my 18 mo grandson. It came in a box with no pictures for assembly. You have to push really hard to get the front wheels in and in the process I smashed my finger. It sets way to low/close to the floor. This toy is made is made of really cheap plastic and will not last long.
1,We purchased these marbles for a marble race. It's a great toy, my son loves it, but he has lost almost two dozen marbles. These marbles, although quite beautiful, are inconsistent in size. Some fit through the marble race tracks and chutes and others are too large to pass through. Kind of a bummer.
1,Maybe I need to give it another shot, but the painting with water just doesn't seem work that well. Also much more messy than I remembered. My daughter is young, so maybe would be better for an older child.
1,Contents did not match my order got a DXF Goku not a Gohan, i know they both start with G but Gee Whiz.
1,Good for young child but only shoots 3 darts.  Constantly loading this one
1,This basically makes minion noises- which was kind of cute, but the "voice changer" is crap. Basically gargles your words. Returned
1,Yep the pieces won't stay in but she liked it. ok for 5$
1,You can get the same box here:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Really-Useful-4-0-Liter-Box-Blue/dp/B018OQARGI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Really Useful 4.0 Liter Box, Blue</a>	Staples also carries it for around 8 bucks.  Don't be fooled, they are the SAME THING.  Great box, by the way.
1,A bit small for my two month old twins. Doesn't fit around wrist well. They don't make much noise when played with either. Doesn't grab my twins attention.
1,It does not go at all!  My 3 years old daughter can hardly move it forward, even if she did make it , the scooter stops shortly.  So she just stands on it.  I guess it's because this scooter has 3 rolls instead of 2, which give it more stability but much less flexibility.  Anyway my daughter is very dissapointed and so am I.  My daughter refused to try it anymore.  We have to return it.  So please save your money and time, buy a regular one.
1,Not as easy for a beginner as I would have hoped.
1,My 15 month old got this for Christmas. I am very diappointed in the Elmo TMX. He is not cuddly at all. It's thin fabric over hard plastic. I don't know if our batteries are low or what (plan on looking more into this but haven't yet)..but he doesn't do anything on the first or second tickle but a slight jerk. It was shipped directly from amazon the day it was released in Sept. and it was like this straight from the box (sat in the closet until Christmas). It's an OK toy but not worth the price tag. My 15 month old isn't real impressed either. He can't get Elmo to do his thing because it is difficult to tickle him in exactlly the right spot. I wouldn't recommend this toy.
1,This sand is so fine it blows away when there's any wind as it's being sifted or poured. We opted to replace it with regular play sand from the hardware store at a quarter of the price. It does make great sandcastles when wet.
1,This game is ok...it's very boring, and my 4 year old was over it the first time he played it.  Such a cute concept but the pieces are way too small and get lost so easily and now with my 15 month old, it's just not safe to even have it around.  I have small hands and it was hard for me to grasp the cherries.
1,The disk shooters were too big to fit inside the Mr. Robot we bought them for. They jammed it every time.
1,I didn't open this travel game until we left for vacation...	35 days after we bought it. The green and red button have never lit up. Which makes playing it very difficult. I can play with listening to the sounds but this was for my 4 year old and he cant play well that way. Tried new batteries and resetting but not thing. Waste of money.
1,the pens were cheap and the cloth of really poor quality. my kids tired of it after the first ten minutes. back to pen and paper for us!
1,Nothing Worked in our entire order!
1,Overpriced at $24		Fun putty in cool colors but nothing exceptional here.  Should be < $2 a tin.
1,The sensors are faulty as it will make noise even when the puzzle piece is not in place.  Also, the voice sounds like a computer which is not conducive for learning.
1,This was awful. I got this and was supper excited. It was extremely hard to open, almost impossible. I got it open the first time and extreme difficulty. The concept to open it is fairly simple. It tells to on the instructions the color pattern that would open the lid. It refused to open no matter how hard I pulled or how much I wiggled it. Eventually, I just twisted it so hard I ripped the plastic wings off it and just threw it straight in the trash
1,Cheap balls thin plastic break and bend easy
1,This pool is nearly impossible to blow up and doesn't hold air. It has got a HUGE tear after one use of less than five minutes. I got it in May and didn't open it till June so now it's too late to return. Don't waste your money.
1,I was really excited to see this to on amazon for the price, but when I got it I was disappointed. It wasn't as good a it seemed. It came new and I had bought for my nephew, and if I would of known it would get jammed at the first time batman got shot out, I wouldn't of purchased it. The blasters work fine and if you have a batman figure it fits but I think that is all my nephew will really use it for.
1,I bought these to save money, seeings as they were 100 sleeves rather than the others which contained 50 sleeves. I thought this was some sort of bargain or that these inexplicable contained more sleeves than normal. Unfortunately these are very, very exceptionally thin and have a noticeably different feel than the slightly more expensive Mayday premiums in this same size. The problem for me was that both these flimsy sleeves and the premiums of this size are both "Mayday Greens." The insert for these are "true green," but the premiums are an almost imperceptibly darker shade of green, You will barely notice the difference in packaging... you will DEFINITELY notice the difference in quality ("flimsiness"). If you are playing Pathfinder Adventure Card Game, that ruins the gaming experience. If you just need something "on the cheap" then this might work for you, but offers little protection. These will split/rip on the edges much more often than the premiums.
1,Was hoping crayons would glide better, more like soap.  But they are just as waxy and hard as all the other bath crayons.  Figured since these were advertised as being soap, they would be different from the crumbly bath crayons that actually appear to be made of the same material as Crayola crayons but they are not. I am saddened that I can not find bath crayons like I used when I was little.
1,Gift
1,I bought this toy for my grandchildren, because I lost the one that I used to have for my children. The reason I chose this was because it claimed to be "Classic". However...this is really only  a 'look-a-lie' version of the original Fisher Price Record Player. The original record player was truly a wind-up operation, which has actual tines that played the music. This 'newer' version requires batteries and the music is very poor quality. We also found it rather confusing because not only does it require batteries...but you also have to wind it up AND turn the switch "ON". I really do NOT need yet another battery operated toy! I do not see why Fisher Price felt that they needed to change the design of the original record player, when that original player was both sturdy and functional! I was greatly disappointed. We kept the player because the original is no longer in production. Fisher Price used to be a toy brand that I trusted as being quality workmanship with affordable pricing. Now...they not only are catering to the battery companies, but are also finding sneaky ways to increase their toy prices (such as they did with the doll houses that used to come complete with all furniture and the doll family...and now you much purchase those things separately).
1,Was pretty colors but it was cheaply made and fell apart in one day.
1,Poorly made. Popper is terrible and barely works. Great game - but not as currently produced.
1,Garbage. Not even good enough for prize box or goodie bags. So flimsy!!! Several broke just when opening. Several broke while open and just holding. Dont bother buying
1,very cheaply made
1,Came with hole already in it.
1,This just isn't a good toy.  I felt bad for my 8-year-old and how he spent his money on this.  The motor is very loud and shakes the robot really fast - I guess I imagined it would be slower and more fluid-like.  He played with it for about an hour and hasn't touched it since.
1,No kid could blow up this balloon, or fit it onto the boat. The "jet" coming out the back where the air comes out is not air tight so you can't blow it up using that. A full balloon, in a full bathtub will make the boat go about a foot. My kid was unimpressed.
1,The mesh popped out as soon as my kids touched it..
1,I expected to receive each of the 6 books shown, but actually received 5 Bingo books and 1 Fleet book. We got this so we could try all the different activities. My son was especially excited to try the Maze book. Very disappointing.
1,It doesn't look anything like the picture on the box. It's hard to smooth out the black gel so actually drawing on it is very difficult.
1,This is just a rather cheap plastic frame, no bottom, not really stable. I doubt it could be used it more than a few times before it would breaks down while storing. There is nothing to keep it solid/firm. Without even assembling it, we returned it.	I still cant comprehend the idea of using a carpet to play hockey on Or expectation that the light, plastic frame will remain stable during the games
1,I bought two of these for Christmas gifts. They were only about eight dollars each, but the view was tiny (could barely make out what I was viewing) and the vision blurry. Luckily I tested them out before giving. I called Amazon, since it was past the return date. They returned them for me. Terrible product, excellent Amazon customer service as always!
1,none
1,The pieces stick and the marbles do not go all the way down
1,It looks so cool!! But even a card like isn't worth 23 dollars.
1,I would not recommend this toy.  The paint job is terrible!  I returned mine and bought one at a local Books a Million store.  The shield was bad enough, but the face I just couldn't look at because the paint was just too bad!
1,I Purchased two craft items for Christmas gifts on Amazon and unfortunately both of the products were dried out in each. In this product all of the markers were not usable. They were all dried out. Will never order craft items on Amazon again
1,cheap product	cracked after a few games
1,Got it to work with the i6 transmitter finally by turning AFHDS 2 off as the r6b only works with the older AFHDS .		When I say it works I mean its barely functional.	Range issues. Brown out issues. The last time I used it, it shut off all signal and nose dived 60 mph into the ground.		I took the case off and put it on my old bare reciever that works.		Lame
1,Came damaged and to return the product cost almost as much as I paid. Very disappointed
1,I ordered this for a 10 year olds birthday present.  First of all there were only 3 in the package instead of 9.  They were also green instead of gray!  Very disappointing.
1,I am not impressed with this toy on its own merits, so I'll go into details on those, but I, too, feel $15 is overpriced.		First - for a "Big" Book of Boo-Boos, it is REALLY small. I think it is about half the size of an average spiral notebook.		Secondly - it is not much of a book. There are only a few pages in it.		Third - The cover is Doc McStuffins, so I'm sure my daughter would like it, but it doesn't match the cover of the Big Book of Boo boos on the show. (Yes, I have wastched it  A LOT).		Fourth - The one sheet of stickers is the exact same one found in the DVD and the Doc McStuffins Doctor Bag toy (where it is counted as one it the 8 items).		Fifth - The spiral rings are a flimsy plastic, too. If there were a lot of pages, I doubt it could survive a preschooler's handling of the toy.		Finally - These are not brand-name crayons and they do not write in the book clearly!		The only positive to this toy is the familiar face on the front. For a true, die-hard Doc McStuffins fan, this might be cute, so I'll gie it 2 stars. However, I cannot justify the purchase price for all of these other issues. I will be returning it soon.
1,Very small. Not what I expected.
1,didn't like it way too complicated not kid friendly
1,Furniture was cheaply made and was broken.  Do not order!!!!!!
1,not worth 25... case zipper broke first day... iron broke.. the only thing my daughter liked was the hair drier and brush... please price it lower.. not worth more that 15 bucks.. !!!
1,Very cheaply made. Actually returned it because it never worked correctly.
1,Not for playing with!! This is more like a collectors toy then a toy to play with,	Piece fall off and my son constantly needs help to but the pieces back on.	And it was a little over priced.
1,When they say "assorted color" it doesn't mean the three tools are different colors, it means colors may vary.  I bought this for a little boy and ended up with a hot pink rake, a light pink shovel and the an orange hoe.  I'm VERY disappointed in this.
1,I wish I could return mine but i can't. Quad would not fly forward, but went up instead into higher wind current, lost reception, wind carried into dense forest and lost I lost it. Very disappointed.
1,My six year old received this as a gift this Christmas. It is already on it's way back to Amazon. This was such a let down. The Dino did move, but not necessarily in coordination with any gestures. It had a hard time balancing and would fall over frequently. The most disappointing was the 5 minute charge life it held. After charging for hours, it would only work for 5-10 minutes, max. SUPER disappointing. This was his most highly sought after gift! Sigh.
1,Item wasn't in a good condition at all.
1,The smallest colorforms...ever.
1,The ink doesn't show up in color and the pen dries out after about 2 pages.
1,Very small...returned
1,Got these for the mixes for Christmas. I didn't expect them to be the size of a address book. Very small and disappointing especially for the price.
1,The label says 56mm x 87mm, but they measure 60mm x 91mm.  Too big for my use.  Plus an annoying little logo on them - I guess that's to remind me never to get them again.
1,My specialty is in Early Childhood Education, I've been in the field for 8+ years. I am also a mother. These experiences have developed my ability to see high quality children's materials. As an educator and a parent I understand what will work for a young child's growing development and curiosity. My reviews are based on products durability, safety, and how it fosters a child developmentally.		  I wanted to love this toy, however, when it arrived only 3 of the 4 pieces worked. It looked cheaply made. Small pop-up pieces are a potential choking hazard for young children. Would not recommended to a friend.		PS - Writing reviews has become a hobby for me, and it is always exciting to know that people find my reviews helpful (and if not, why.) Also, if you have any questions, clarifications, or comments please feel free to leave a comment below. I usually respond pretty quickly and almost always within 48 hours.		Please click YES if this was helpful :)
1,Not as fun as it looks on TV.
1,WATCH THE SIZES... Description says they fit MTG cards and they do not. These are 62mm wide, needs to be the 66mm or the 65mm snugs.
1,It has some problems	1. The spinner keeps shaking, making noise like "kalakala" inside. Sounds like something not stick well into place?	2. The glass is too thin and risky - especially considering the spinner is easy to be pop up	3. The glass stopper, not really hold the spinner well in place. The spinner can easily pop out when you try a little harder		It can still spin, but last shorter than a gyroscope toy.		If you just want to see the "floating" it can serve the purpose.	If you want to see long time spinning then don't buy it.
1,i would give no stars if i could. This product came broken, did not match the dimensions given, The beads did not match the picture (so much so that they couldn't fit inside the game to close it). It wasn't varnished like it is in the picture either. They promptly refunded it without and a return and i chucked it in the trash
1,<div id="video-block-R4FEJWS4G8U" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81aXaJq1M4S.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81n5EwzeiNS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;Do not buy... ours already broken. They just flash and mess up and won't shoot anymore. Junk toys.
1,Most the girls took them off, they wouldn't stay on and we didn't bobby pins.
1,The joints on the arms are insanely weak, will probably have to super glue back together within the week
1,I bought this for my son who is 6 months old.  He played with it for about five minutes, before the sound effects broke on the tee.  My husband had to take the entire toy apart to re-wire to fix the problem, so now it might work 60% of the time.  Don't wast your money on it.
1,Don't buy from Cool Glow. We purchased 8" bracelets from them and they were defective right out of the box, and when I called them, they refused to offer a refund or exchange. They are more interested in taking your money than taking care of their customers.
1,There are only 9 pieces. Not the regular type of Perfection with MANY shapes to add. Disappointing for sure. I realize there is a pic, but I didn't think I had to count the pieces on the box. I feel cheated.
1,It is a weak devise and cannot even carry a paper clip, but that is not why I gave it a bad review. the camera is not HD, and sometimes doesn't work. If a hint of wind exists then that will be where the craft goes, super weak and cannot combat even the slightest of breezes. Also a grain of sand is all it takes to mess up the gears...Yeah save your money for a better devise!
1,My grand daughter had fun with this for about a week. First of all there are way too many places to fill with air. and they pop so easily. It didn't last very long for the price.  I will spend more next time and get something more durable
1,These are tiny, not good quality and way too expensive
1,Infuriatingly shabby. It's so hard to set up that my son and I gave up on it after an hour of fighting with it.
1,I ordered from Hawaii Sellers.  Mine did NOT have an SDCC sticker on it but it was the flocked version.
1,I know I'm going against the grain but I have the 40pc and my 4 now 5 yr old, and almost 2 yr old have NO INTEREST.		I'm going to get either magnatiles or magnaformers.  My 5 yr old still asks for them. Sigh. Maybe it's just my kids.
1,This is not a real sandbox. It's tiny. Perhaps I should have read more carefully but this is very deceiving.
1,i will be returning, very small, too small for 5 year old. i couldn't spell my grandson's nams without using combimation of upper and lower case letters. not very helpful when showing a child how to spell name. really poor quality.guess i thought i would be getting something similar to what i bought when my children were little, little fingers do not have the dexterity to do this, older children don't need them.
1,too expensive for what they are.  These come in a $10 book set that you can buy for at least $5 elsewhere.
1,Cute toy but after some handling from my 2 year old son, the paint started to chip/rub off. Kind of cheaply made as one of the pieces to the door (on the hot dog stand) fell off. Not happy with this purchase.
1,Only trouble was figuring out how to order ants
1,This item arrived earlier than expected and my daughter was excited when she opened it. The machine and everything that came with it look and feels nice. However, 5 minutes into helping my daughter with project number 1 the machine kept getting jam and I followed the "troubleshooting" instructions but still didn't help. There is nothing only on the instructions that tells you how to deal with the machine jamming so now I have to go through the hassle of returning it and looking for another machine. I would recommend it.
1,Super tiny, not worth what I paid for it!
1,complicated. high learning curve
1,Although I paid $35 for this pool, I still don't like it.  We were only able to use it for a couple months because within the first few uses it got multiple holes.  And I have a 3 year old and a 1 year old, and they are not rough and did not bring sharp edges in to the pool.  Also, my husband had to go to Menards to buy a plug for it because the one that came with the pool did not hold air.  We had to blow it up every 20 minutes.  We will have to buy a more higher quality pool for next summer.  I guess you get what you paid for, however, the $3 pools at walmart that are hard plastic, have lasted 3 years longer than this!  I would not recommend buying this.
1,Poor quality
1,I wanted to love these, since the price was great.  Unfortunately the quality is very poor.  Some of the sticks broke.  I would not purchase again.
1,Lame. The pins break off really easy. Really easy.
1,This is garbage. 40 lbs child ripped out the stair within 20 minutes of using the slide. Second slide company will not replace out of warranty now. Do not purchase weight limit says 150 child was only 40. Company not legitimate. Great idea needs to have a different type of stairs.
1,The quality is poor.
1,SANTA BROUGHT THIS PINK CUTIE TO OUR HOUSE AND THE NEXT DAY HER FRONT LEG/CLAW BROKE OFF. SUPER GLUE COULD NOT FIX IT.
1,This toy seems to be the favorite thing for a baby to grab to get up off the ground.		As for the 5 advertise activity sides, only one is useful; it has a phone you can grab and talk to and blocks you can enter and hear about (With bad grammar about 1/5th of the time).  I've learned it is not that good for smaller kids (which I think this is marketed for) since they grab a block, look at it and might see the letter, and then work it into the square.  Except each block is double sided and what they hear could be about the other letter on the block they were looking at.  What they hear is about the side of the block sticking out.  Fine for older kids but not for younger ones that will hold on the block.		Other than that it covers alphabet, numbers, colors, and shapes and I think it does a good job at it. Probably a cost consideration but the "blue" block glows green whenever it lights up and says blue because I think it has a yellow light in it (and the same with green which is yellow when in use)  But that and the bad grammar are only two issues w/ this busy side.		The sixth side is the bottom which is black plastic, and oddly it amuses kids.  At least mine has a manufacturing sticker on it that says "Poooo".  That they find funny.		The others four are access to internal storage for the blocks, a place where you sit (not snap on as picture indicates) the blocks, a pachinko side which is zero fun, and a side where things can move some plastic things around.  All four won't get any use.		Given the high price there is a lot of better toys to buy.  I consider the high cost as paying for a lot of plastic, not a good toy.		And the worst thing about this toy is the same two advertising jingles it plays.  One is the One, Two, Three, Four, Five. Play on every side. The other asks you to grab your friends and play with it all day long.  And it will play these non-stop.
1,My mom bought this for me because i was dressing up as Merida for Halloween! i tried on the wig and guess what? it itched like CRAZY! and didn't fit! and the curls were not how you'd think, they stuck up and the hair was short in the back and looked so weird! then i said, "I really don't need this wig, it's just to look more realistic!" So then i took it off finally and cried. finally, i found a costume that Halloween night!
1,Fell off the wall in less than two weeks. I followed the mounting instructions and did not overload it with heavy items. Cute but not at all functional.
1,This was not at all as described. Not the original at all.
1,This was cute and fun until my 14-month-old was able to chew the soft white plastic/rubber cover off of the wings. Fortunately we caught him in the act and were able to fish it out of his mouth, but obviously babies chew on things...
1,We sent it back.  It did not really fly all that well.
1,Very cute at first, but broke in the first day we owned it.
1,my mother brought this for $15 and i would say it is worth about that i for sure wouldnt pay the $50. the canopy doesnt work it lasted for an hour then went down and won't go up again. really shoty construction. so if u are buying this because of the canopy DONT but if you want a nice size little pool i would still say don't buy this bc my twins who are 2 are comfortable in it but anymore would be very over crowded. save ur $50 and spend it on something that actually works as advertised
1,Tried 3 separate sets of batteries thinking that might be the problem.  The baby doll only says 3 things (not the 20 advertised) and the lights do not work.  I do not recommend this doll (and probably not this brand).  My 4 year old is very disappointed and this was from Santa so it's hard to explain why Santa sent a defective toy.
1,Not impressed with this. I bought it for my daughter. Its really awkward to use and does not work very well.
1,Well, it works, my kid did not sink. What did happen is the steering wheel fell of before the first use and will not go back on.
1,This item did not work. Played music but the fans did not turn and there was no air to pop the balls out. One of the balls was missing. Seller did provide a return label and promptly refunded my money.
1,Lots of plastic, but very little actual fun..., January 27, 2012		...and I'm still trying to figure out the point of a toy that essentially shoots spitballs...but fails to do it very well.		Here are the fundamental problems with this item:	(1) High rate of misfires. In firing this gun's 8-round magazine, I never had more than six "soft-splat" rounds fire successfully.	(2) Single bolt action firing. The firing sequence for this gun (after the magazine is inserted) requires engaging the bolt AND sliding the firing piston (there is no trigger, although there is a trigger guard).	(3) Much less than advertised range. I did not come close the the 100 foot range claimed by this product. Anything that goes beyond 50' is doing well, and forget any accuracy outdoors in anything but dead calm winds.	(4) The "water problem". This gun can not be fired until the rounds have been loaded in the magazine and properly soaked. Makes reloading more than a little inconvenient.	(5) The clean-up problem. The pellets stick...to walls, cars, whatever.		Bottom line:	lots of plastic, but not so much fun.		The box says "graduate from foam". Foam guns have a longstanding tradition of good-natured fun, especially in cubicle farms. Shoot this and have a round stick to somebody's monitors, and risk their wrath. I just don't find much fun about this.
1,Very flimsy, they broke while my son was putting them on.  He was being gentle with them.
1,With customer service what it is (or isn't) these days, my bar is already pretty low. So when I heard that this company was hard to get a hold of, I still went blindly into the abyss with no real concept of how bad customer service could actually BE! This thing is amazing IF... and let me say again... IF it's working correctly. The problem is, it seems that we are the several thousand dollar poorer Beta testers of the Inspire 1 and I, for one don't have the budget for it. I'm a photographer who has been looking at getting into aerial for quite a while. I've been flying Blades around the house for two years getting the skills ready for this purchase.		Day 1: lifted off in a very large interior space just to see how it hovers (and NOTE: this thing is supposed to be able to fly indoors). While it said "safe to fly GPS," it immediately began to drift and is so big and fast that it hit a corner before any adjustment could be made. 4 props gone in 60 Seconds. Mine unfortunately did NOT come with an extra set. The seller was kind enough to eventually send me some, but not before I'd bought another set.		Day 2: on the job I bought it for in the first place... Doing aerial flyovers at a Jeep event in Moab. Got some great footage and enjoyed flying it but not without some severe sphincter clenches as it took off with "safe to fly GPS" and several satellites only to start wobbling around. I managed to keep it from crashing until it finally started talking to those satellites it seemed to think it was safe to fly with.		Day 3: returned from Moab and attempted to try the "flight path" from the map. According to everything I've read, you're supposed to draw a flight path and select the auto launch and away it goes.... or not.... It didn't move at all. Just hovered. So I flew it around a bit and hit "return home" button only to have it come back 30 feet away from where it took off and barely caught the end of a tiny branch that snagged a prop and sent it straight to the ground. When I picked it up, the carbon fiber legs might has well have been made of wet paper towel rolls.		Day 4: overnighted it to DJI who would not even confirm that it was in their building. You will not hear from them for several weeks. They say 5-6 weeks. After six weeks, we tried calling on our way out of town listening to, "you are caller number 9 and your estimated wait time is 5 minutes. Thank you for your patience." We drove an hour to a wedding (that I would have loved to have filmed. If I only had a drone...) where we were now caller number 5 with an estimated wait time of 90 minutes. We left the phone in the car throughout the wedding ceremony. When I returned, I was caller number 3 with an estimated wait time of 170 minutes. I hung up. I heard nothing until the day it was fixed and shipped back... Seven weeks later.		Day 5 (or 53): Finally got my Inspire 1 Back. 1/3 excited. 1/3 frustrated. And 1/3 gun shy about this whole thing... I took it to the park down the street. Gigantic open field with no electromagnetic interference of any kind. I took off manually but my landing gear raised automatically. Not sure what that's all about as it wasn't doing that before I shipped it back. Maybe I can call them the next time I have a couple of days to listen to elevator music. I flew a perfect circle around the field and was just starting to breathe when it suddenly starts drifting right... I countered left trying to get it to come back... No luck! As soon as I let go of the stick it's veering right again. And, as I mentioned on Day 1, it's big and FAST so I'm trying to get the landing gear to lower (note my lever was already down but the gear was up since it raised automatically for no reason). Can't get it to stabilize or respond as it flies across the field into the waist-high wall built around what is a hockey rink in the winter. Camera is scraped up and the lens is broken.		My DJI Inspire was delivered on March 26th. It is now June 16th and my drone is once again back at DJI. I have no idea why they can't make this thing fixable by local retailers but this has been nothing short of a very expensive nightmare.
1,This is definitely work for the parent to set this up. Each track has to be in the exact place for it to work so forget having your kids try to set it up.	Also, the tracks are very flimsy and bend so the portion where the train jumps the track doesn't always line up well and you have to hold it for the train to go across.	Junk in my opinion.
1,crappy cube for sure
1,These don't work with our version of light brite, which is the one shown in the picture that it's supposed to work with! Neither do their pegs.	Total junk.
1,Lights didn't work. These building blocks only work with each other so there's only building the one helicopter unless you have another set the kids can't really use them in other ways
1,I bought this for the Melissa and Doug Medieval castle and agree with all the other negative comments. I have returned this product and found a product called "Budkins" that I will hopefully like much better (not many reviews on them). I suggest looking at the Budkins products; even though they are more pricey, hopefully you will get what you pay for.  I still like the castle though!
1,I previously ordered Amscan punch balloons (4 ct) which were GREAT		I ordered the 16ct ones and they are pathetic. Really poor quality compared to the smaller set. Most of them leak during the first fill.
1,Paint on the ducks seems to be cheap as it is not consistent or saturate the entire duck. Am concerned that if my child puts in his mouth the paint may not be safe or come off.
1,I got the mustang and a dxi6 radio. I have been flying a champ around for a little over a year and figured it was time to step up. I was wrong. The mustang is harder to fly even with the dxi6 and repairs are not as easily done as with the champ. First crash was mild but still broke the entire motor mount area. . . I havnt tryed to fix it yet, but it looks unrepairable.
1,not real sturdy
1,Rubbish. I can't think of anything nice to say about this thing. It is a disappointing toy for the recipient, as well as the uninformed purchaser who hopes to make a favorable impression. If you receive it, do not open it, as it could provide a re-gift in a pinch when one is pressed for time, and pressed to find the motivation to provide a gift for an occasion one did not wish to participate in anyway.
1,I couldn't get it to hang properly in my daughter's room and besides that, it is smaller than it looks here in the picture. Not sure how they got all those animals in it and made it stay up on the wall. Even with the strong 3M brand of wall hangers all it did was rip the paint off the wall due to too much weight. It is a cute idea but don't expect it to hold as many as you see in this picture unless they are REALLY small and light.
1,Very hard to set up. Should have heeded the advice of some other reviewers. Kept falling over . Lousy product.
1,These were smaller than I expected. They are good for kids 2 and younger, but they are a bit small for 3 or 4 year olds.
1,Our item broke with in the first week of use. Not good quality. I was very disappointed. I would pay more for a better one next time.
1,Fun but didn't last very long. Broke very quickly
1,Half the ones in the package wouldn't light up and those that did were very dim.  The tops with the strings wouldn't stay on so you had to hold them instead of attaching them to anything.
1,Do not like the small filler valves.  Will not use this product for that reason.  We purchased an Intex instead.
1,So cool and cute definitely worth every penny
1,$53.00 for a magazine that was badly damaged picked in a box half as big? Fail!
1,Thought this would be more fun for the kids. The bean bag birds are fun and are a good size and weight for small toddler hands. The structures are lame and are hard to construct to stay up long enough for the kids to play.
1,Today is 6/17/2014, a month since my purchase of this set.  Yesterday night all the plastic "bridges" are broken. Fortunately the original rainbow loom set I bought has arrived.  The quality of the loom is day and night.		If you are considering this product as your kid's first loom band set, do not throw away the original box.  I have thrown away mine because my son uses an art bin box to organize his loom bands.  Big mistake for I couldn't request a replacement or refund anymore.		If you don't want to go through the trouble of getting a replacement/refund, you should look elsewhere.		******************************************	*Update after 2 weeks*		I have to reduce to star from 3 to 2, and the 2 stars remained are purely for the glow-in-the-dark rubber bands.		3 bridges out of 5 have broken already, and the rest are not in good shape... The loom in this set is even more fragile than our old cheap one!		Another thumb down is that the edges of the half-moon shape transparent poles are very ragged, which is bad because it cut the rubber bands during the looping process.  At first I thought it was the quality of the other rubber bands we had, then I found that it was not the case.		Now I ended up combining the transparent plastic parts of the loom with the remaining plastic bridges of this set to keep my son happy with the loom band making.		I am going to buy the original rainbow loom when this one expired.		Very, very disappointing.		*****************************************		The cheaper version of loom my son got from the school book fair is falling apart, so I have been looking for a replacement.		The loom in this set is identical to the one in the cheaper version my son has.  Unlike the original rainbow loom, which is connected with a boarder plastic plate and a few smaller plastic bridges, this loom is connected with 5 small plastic bridges.  It functions well until you need to adjust the loom from rectangular to offset, then the flimsiness really shows.		3 out of 5 bridges of our old loom are broken after a few times of configuration.		The loom in this set ended up the same.  My son broke one of the bridges 10 minutes after we opened the package.  I "fixed" it with the remaining bridges of our old loom.		Then why I still give this product 4 stars?  It's because of the loom bands in the set.		The glow-in-the-dark loom bands in the set are very good quality.  I have been through many loom bands from different makers but none comes close to the sturdiness of these bands.  The flimsier bands my son used caused a lot of frustration and tears when they broke half-way through the looping.  These bands are so sturdy that none of them broke when we used them for more advanced and complicated patterns!  Also they do glow (albeit weakly) in the dark!		For $11 I think this is a pretty decent product.
1,One of the letters had a slash in it. We had to tape it for it to work. Lol
1,Same size as a raptor.  Kind of ruins it when the kids play when all the beasts are the same size.
1,I hope the rolling spider I received was defective. If it wasn't then shame on Parrot. Right from the start it would loose connection and make all kinds of crazy maneuvers. Within 5 minutes of trying to fly this menace it lost control and slammed into my knee cutting me. I have never seen a quadcopter loose propellers like this one did. They would fly off of the motors and go shooting across the room. This is not my idea of a fun time. I returned it.
1,Very hard to put the ants into and hard to not nock over
1,Cute but came with a rip on the seam of its back.
1,We have been using it for a week, and already one car doesnt work. For $100 I would have expected something a bit more substantial. Great concept and if it didn't break so easily I would say it was wonderful
1,The prints are not masculine and the pants fit like bloomers. Very poor workmanship.
1,I remember this fidget toy from when I was a child.  I remembered the ball to fit in my child-size hand and easy to play with one handed.... This on is a little on the large size and the balls are not to easy to move around.  Not the best fidget toy out there...  I am disappointed.
1,I really wanted to like this bouncy house. It's very nice looking and large. But the bottom of it, the base, does not stay inflated. It deflates daily. No one wants to be inflating it every time the child wants to use it. I returned it 2 weeks after purchasing. Do not recommend.
1,One start based on performance and durability.		The down side was that it was very hard to get the bubbles to actually come out.  You could get it to blow some bubbles, but you really had to work at it.  Not what I thought a child's toy should do.		I tried a thicker bubble solution and it stopped working entirely.  So, I flushed all the bubble solution out.  That left the toy a little wet, and it never worked again.  Seems like a toy that uses a liquid should be built so that it is bubble proof...		On the up side my kid liked it.
1,Very small with tiny parts.
1,This train never worked right out of the package.  The switch on the top was hard for my 2 year old grandson to work and it only worked for a short while.
1,Good size and easy to set up, but not worth the money. Accessories made out of cheap cardboard and were all torn after one use. The wires and pins for the ladder are cheap and flimsy and looks nothing like photo, it will not stand up straight. Fabric will most likely tear in a couple months.
1,I ordered this coin set for my son's birthday. The coin case came very poorly wrapped inside a dilapidated shipping box that had clearly been used before. Perhaps because the coin case was shaking around in the box, the coins were completely loose inside the case, and the enclosed Harry Potter plaque was also loose (with a lot of sticky glue residue in its back). Unfortunately, the edges of the coins are scuffed.		I placed the coins back in their proper place, and have tried to glue the plaque back as well, and I think my son will like the gift because he's a huge Harry Potter fan. I'm hoping the scuff marks on the coins won't bother him, but they do bother me a lot. When you pay $25.95 plus shipping for a brand new item, you expect it to arrive in pristine condition.		On the plus side, the seller shipped the item very quickly, after promptly responding to an email inquiry from me about whether it would be possible to get the item in time for my son's birthday.		Overall, it was very disappointing to open the shipping box, and see the case in the state it arrived. If the item had been shipped properly, with an intact case inside, I would have rated this item 4 stars (taking away 1 star because I think it's overpriced).
1,My 4 year old likes and enjoys this product, and asks to play with it all the time, but I hate it. Its a huge mess, it doesn't work as well as the commercials, sure it does press into mold shape, but the second you take them out and try to handle it, it crumbles. It also stick to your hands a lot, so some goes down the drain with every use. Not to mention that it doesn't shake off your clothes like regular sand, so you have to choose between washing it by itself or risking it with other items. Overall I wish I had just said no to buying it.
1,All three cans were the same blue turtle, what are the odds? Had a sad boy that there wasn't atleast two different. Wont buy again. :(
1,Piece of crap.  Didn't even have for 15 minutes before it broke and my son is heartbroken.  He has wanted this toy for months and his birthday is finally here and it doesn't work like it's supposed to.	Makes me so sad.	For the price I expected great quality go with the die cast ones they are more worth the money.
1,sadly this raquelle doll is not up to par as the previous barbie style dolls. Firstly her hair is shorter than the promo pic which is very very decieving. The promo pictures shows long hair. Her hair is only medium length. Very disappointed. Secondly what happened to the torso articulation? Mattel took that away and gave ankle joints. Whilst I like the ankle joints I don't understand the cost attached to this doll. Her hair should be longer and there should be the same torso articulation. I do like the ankle joints and the extra shoes but they also did away with the fashion booklet that came with the previous barbie style dolls. At least give the doll long hair. I found the shorter hair with the teresa doll from this line. It's not cool at all since all the promo pictures for these dolls show much longer hair.
1,What a waste of money.  When I purchased this I thought it was RC car. It is not. It is a car in which you push a button and it runs by itself all over the place in a non sensical manner. It was cute for about 4 seconds.  I wanted something my daughter could drive. This is just a car that runs around by itself with no rhyme or reason.  It might be good for a baby but not a preschooler.
1,My oldest finds it as boring as we adults do., Several other board games around the same price point.  Your youngest likes it, but not as a board game.
1,Very cheesy and the hanging toys are a very hard plastic.  Also, the top faces at a funny angle so you can't see the face of it when the baby is laying underneath it.  It's either they can reach the hanging toys or they hang see the face of it while the toys dangle around their waist
1,This pump seems like such a clever little toy, but there are some serious flaws with the overall design.		The pros:  It looks adorable, comes in a fairly indestructible plastic housing, and my son (18 months) loves the idea of gassing up his car, just like mom and dad.		The cons:  It is exceptionally lightweight, and needs to be weighted down at the base to avoid the continual problem of it tipping over or dragging about when the hose is extended.  The sound button panel (it has sounds for gas pumping and engines starting, etc.) is misaligned and doesn't lay flush in the plastic housing around it.  It has a credit card swipe.  Why is this a con?  I guess I feel it is a bit weird to teach children to be credit-dependent before they're toilet trained but maybe that's just me.		The final con of this may be an amazon fulfillment issue and not a product flaw.  We've ordered two of these and have had to return both because the fulfillment center (this was an amazon prime order) decided picking up the pump and simply tossing it into a GIANT box was adequate for shipping.  Both times I've received it something has clearly been broken internally and it sounds like a giant rattle.  Maybe the product just sounds like this but I'm guessing it is the carelessness of shipping that is causing something to break.		At any rate, I've ordered it a third time from a different source because despite the flaws, my son still enjoys playing with it and that's the point of the purchase, isn't it?
1,Horrible, just horrible, falls apart easy, the edges don't even touch...Don't but this puzzle trust me.
1,Most of them had tiny holes and deflated as soon as I started blowing them up. Plastic too thin.
1,Do not waste your money buying this. I got this in the bargain bin at K-Mart for something like $6 and after transforming it into Bumblebee, I then found that there were no instructions for turning him back into a car. It took me like two hours over two frustrating days to finally figure out that a piece was simply stuck, which was preventing me from completing the transformation. Parts fly off constantly and are difficult to snap back into place.		The box says 5+ but there's no way a 5 year-old is going to be able to keep all the pieces (body, head, two missiles, and two roof plates) together for longer than a few hours. My advice, (if you insist on getting it) keep this thing a car and tell your kid to play with it like that. As Bumblebee, he'll have everything falling off and then the toy can never be a car again.		I ended up breaking ours in order to get it back into a car and I will be super gluing it so that it can't turn back into a robot again. If I had to transform this again I'd have an anxiety attack.
1,marker is old and dry
1,the only reason i bought this product was because of the color.  my grandsons favorite color is red, yet he rarely plays with this one.  not sure why thought.  it is a bit small and maybe not for his little hands.  hard to hold on to.
1,dont bay it
1,Returning it. Not enough cards. Game play sounds stupid. Humor is nothing but gross pictures and shock value, not really funny. May be fun once with a group of drunk cat lovers, but not for anyone who really plays games for fun.
1,the swing doll came with the swing falling apart, I am pretty sure I can put it back together (this is supposed to be a Christmas gift so I haven't opened the actual package yet) but its also covered in some kind of dirt on the bottom of the swing. one doll has weird pink paint splotches on its arms and legs and one doll looks like it got an air bubble or something that popped on its lip so there is a hole in it . I gave it two stars just because it COULD be a cute item if they fixed those issues
1,Broke after 3 weeks of mild use. Won't hold air or shoot. Great rate of fire when it worked but then u have to find darts for 5 minutes and pump for 1 minute before carefully threading the magazine back into the slot (I normally have to try 3-4 times before it will take the mag with my full 20!s***s included.
1,For money it's ok.
1,Its very flimsy, I would like to use it with active baby/toddler. Sorry, have to return.
1,Do NOT buy this item!!! The item I received is a bit different from the photos so I contacted the seller. I never heard from them.	I purchased this for my very active 11 month son. I can't imagine this lasting more than a week. The material is cheap, poorly sewn and very flimsy. I also noticed a small hole in one place.	The tunnel is attached by 2 strings; one at the top & at the bottom. My son throws the balls out through the gaps and he tries to get out through the gaps. While in use, the tunnel separates from the tents and they move to the sides because they are not sturdy.	I really love the concept and the colors but after seeing my son use this twice, I am returning this without hesitation.
1,Very difficult to get them to make sound. For the price though it was a nice table decoration...
1,I got this through the Disney store, not Amazon, otherwise I would have returned.  Elsa's leg broke off (irreparably) after only thirty minutes of mild play.  My daughter had her do the splits and that was the end of Elsa.  Very disappointing!
1,So freaking tiny...The dimensions were not correct. This things is like the size of a hot wheels car...
1,Disappointing! I thought it would be great toy to play around the house with kids. They love making videos and play controlled toys. The video quality is bad and it is hard to control. Also it doesn't have a decent data storage. Battery dies fast. Why bother making a stuff like that?
1,We have had the product just under a year. I replaced the batteries today and it won't play any sound or move. The lights will light up but that is it.
1,The "paints" on these sheets are not very potent and it takes a lot of water to get them flowing. In other words, a mess. We just pulled out our own watercolors to paint b/c my 3 year old daughter was getting frustrated. She liked the scenes but the added feature of the built in paints was a bust.
1,Useless
1,Thought the bulky club would help a smaller child play. It does not. The picking up of the balls is a little of a tough concept for a little tyke. Stick with the one that comes with a caddy.
1,Bought these for my 2.5 year old because she likes playing with my wooden set (that is in bad shape) that I used to play with as a kid.		My wife and I have been frustrated with this set since we purchased it and I think it's easiest if I just do a pro/con bulleted list to sum it up:		Pro	* Build quality is very good; I have the old wooden set that frequently had pieces that would break or not fit/stick together quite right. This is not the case with this set, it's made very well and very precisely. It feels like a high quality plastic.		Cons	* Some pieces can be VERY HARD to pull apart (and stick together). If your 3 year old can put these together and pull them apart on their own, you should do two things: get them tested for radiation exposure and enter them in the Olympics. My wife and I FREQUENTLY have to put our entire strength into pulling the pieces apart (namely the white/yellow connectors into the yellow wheels and green corners - these connections can be VERY strong).		* The shape and type of pieces is very limiting in what you can build. There are a huge over-abundance of "connecting" pieces, end pieces and sleeves in this new set and not enough actual structural pieces to build and make interesting things with. We've been playing with this set for months and the only things we can build that are remotely interesting are just copying what's on the back of the box... it's very limiting. In my original set, the platform pieces were readily used in a lot of designs and had a LOT more "stick" pieces - that's not the case here... the flexible pieces are sort of useless and then you have roughly 15 or 20 straight pieces, then 80 or so connecting pieces it seems... for what? I have half as many straight pieces TO connect as I do corners and fasteners to connect them.		Overall this set frustrates us almost every night when we play with it. Would definitely not buy again.
1,Here are my reasons for giving this toy only 2 stars:	1. You can't actually draw a picture on the gel side. The second you draw on it, it disappears. The picture on the box is misleading. You would never be able to draw that much of a picture because it would disappear in 1 second. What's the point?	2. The wet side scratches easily. Once it scratches, you can't draw on that part.	3. The wet side takes forever to dry which isn't practical for a child.		I would have given this 1 star but my daughter does like to push down on the gel part occasionally.
1,Purchased this set in hopes of getting a good one.  This was not the case.  It is the poorest quality of anything I have purchased, it literally fell apart after an hour.  My recommendation is to spend a few more dollars and and get a quality one.  Check reviews before buying it you will regret buying this set.
1,its fine
1,I so wanted to like this.  The mini trains are so adorable and my son loved them.  But this just didn't work well.  Some of the trains would get stuck, and it would take an adult to jiggle the train the rest of the way up the conveyor portion.  Eventually the entire fixture wouldn't stay together.  Its a great idea, but it needs to be taken back to the drawing board and redone.  I wouldn't waste your money.
1,The quality of the figurines was very good - however, the fact that they did not bend  (at least to a sitting position) seemed to	really frustrate my 2 yr. old grandson.  I bought him a large bus with an open top so he could put the figures inside, but when	he couldn't make them sit down - he lost interest.
1,I know it only cost a dollar in the store and that's about all it's worth.	The detailing of this hot wheels dieacast leaves a lot to be desired.	A poorly scuptured saucer section and tampoless body makes you wonder why people are paying such elevated prices for this model.	The metal saucer section almost looks like it was stamped from a flat coin.	The plastic warp engines have one small tampo on each one, The body and nacel sculpting is just passable at best. Ok for a dollar.	Look around at some of the other offerings before committing to spending 10 to 15 dollars on this disapointing tiny little model.	I have one that came in a mixed lot of models and I have no interest in collecting any more unless I find them on the pegs for a dollar.	Other companies have much better offerings for about the same cost as what people are charging for this one online.
1,Balls get hard as rock after 4 days.
1,This is just a notepad with Mickey Mouse on the front. Not really an autograph book at all. Any little notepad would work the same as this one, but I ordered it expecting it to be more than just a regular notepad. In Disneyworld they sell actual autograph books...wait and buy one there!
1,Bought this doll and three others daily for an Easter gift for a 13 year old girl. Right out of the box her leg was broke at the hip attachment. Very sad granddaughter.
1,Unfortunately for adults and for children, this game does not work at all as described.  Our two elephant trucks included don't pick up the cards unless you consider 1 out of 10 times successful.  I've tried using it from various heights from floor to standing and have not had luck, my daughter just gets upset and sad when it doesn't work for her.		I've tried adjusting the suction cups and even adding a.little moisture to them, and they still do not.function as they should. I'm surprised and disappointed that Hasbro included their.name.on this one.
1,We love the Mattel Disney/Pixar Cars character vehicles, however this "color change" version is CHEAP. It's flimsy plastic compared to the nicer metal cars and it barely, if at all, changes color in water. I will not be purchasing any more Color Changer cars.
1,I was very excited for this figure...but when I actually opened it & held it in my hands, I was not a fan. The knee joints have paint that chips no matter what you do & it gets all over your hand. The pegs in this walker's feet don't work well, same with the mud base used for said pegs. Even the removable torso doesn't fit on the large section. Overall, I was excited for this figure, but when I got it I was deeply disappointed.
1,This is 144 tattoos with about 6 different styles, just lots of duplicates great for a party, but not for 2 or 3 kids.
1,My daughter saw this on T.V. and had to have it.  She got it for her 7th birthday.  The hamster is cute, and she still plays with that (on the hard wood floor - doesn't run well at all on carpet).  However, I also bought her this funhouse along with the garage (worst piece) and the wheel.  When you put it all together (which is not easy), the toy is huge.  I don't really have the room for a big piece of plastic toy of this size, but I was willing to get it for her because it is all she wanted.  Big mistake, you can't move it once you get it together or it falls to pieces.  Sometimes the pieces just come apart.  The garage never worked, and the wheel ramp never fit together correctly.  This toy is such a waste of money.  Holiday shoppers are getting scammed this year!  Thank goodness I did not pay these ridiculous prices for this toy.  I bought mine at Toys 'r us before I even knew it was going to be a big deal.  To sum up - the hamsters are cute, but the rest is big, plastic junk that has now been under my daughters bed since the day after she got it (5 weeks ago) and has not seen daylight again.
1,Puppy originally arrived with stuffing hanging out of his neck... After we pushed the stuffing back in he was left with a giant gaping hole... Had the puppy delivered 1 day shipping due to a prop for my 2 year old's picture day at her school. Extremely disappointed! Will be sending back!
1,im really good at putting together toys. I have 3 kids, 22 yrs, 3.5 yrs and 1.5 yrs. I have assembled toys for about 22 yrs. lol, plus, I assemble a lot of bookshelves and things like that around the house. this was SUCH A PAIN to put together. it was one of the top 10 WORST things ive had to ever assemble. the manufacturer really should've done much more before sending it out. its not that it was complicated or confusing, it was just way too tedious. a toy like this shouldn't make your fingers hurt or take so long to assemble. they don't leave enough room to get the nuts on and the screw holes are all offset and need to be so loose that the nuts are almost falling off, but God forbid, bc those nuts are SUCH a pain to put on. even w a needle nose pliers, it was just way too much work. also, the rubber/green foam part, should be pre drilled and its not. and the green/foam part started to tear and rip in the most random places WHILE I was assembling it. there are a lot of other see saws out there, id go for one that doesn't take forever and your sanity to assemble. also, this was supposed to be for xmas, luckily, I put it together a week before, bc having to assemble this on xmas would've ruined the whole holiday. I cannot recommend this product.
1,I purchased one of these for my nephew for his birthday , only to find that it did not roar. His mom decided to let him keep it anyway... Based on the 5 star reviews here, I picked up one for the kids in my classroom.	You guessed it! No sound. Nothing. You can feel the little speaker inside  his neck, but nothing happens aside from feeling a small click.		Be warned. If you want a cute cuddly dragon, fine.	If you want something with sound, be aware that this may not be	the place to find it.
1,I was so mad when on Christmas my nephew opened his gift and one of the arms was off in the package. The smile on his face was enough to keep them but they are very delicate so be careful wouldn't buy these again.
1,I like the concept. It arrived and we literally opened the box, inflated it and headed to the pool. Unfortunately ours had a leak out of the box which unfortunately meant that our toddler was not properly supported in the water. Maybe we just got a bum one but we were definitely disappointed.
1,I just bought Plagg through a marketplace seller fulfilled by Amazon.  It's a knockoff.  I've got a legitimate Tikki for comparison.  The lack of paper tag, a single fabric tag, the clip on its head, poor stitching, and chubby indistinct shape give it away.
1,This is a cute toy I was just hoping it did more.  There is really only one button that you press on the side that makes noise.  I was hoping that it was like some other toys in the market that made noise when you opened and closed it or put things in and took things out but this toy does not.  My ten month old doesn't really play with it.  It has a tight opening so it is kind of difficult for her to get things back into it so she eventually just moves on to something less frustrating.  The material is not really stiff enough to it collapses easily when she tries to reach in.  I don't think I would buy this toy again and I would not recommend to anyone else.
1,Doesn't sinc with the app on my phone. Doesn't read the cards right. My 2 year old tries playing with it now and again, but gets frustrated because it doesn't work
1,Pieces don't stay on.  You barely touch it and stuff falls off.  Impossible to get all the pieces on.  Cute but doesn't work.
1,Theses are a joke for little kids as the microscope hardly magnified them.  Need a real microscope to make these interesting to my 5 1/2 yr old. And they aren't very big only a few inches. I thought they would be like 6 inches long. Can hardly "slide" them through
1,NOT THE BEST QUALITY BUT IT WORKS
1,The ant seem to be escaping somehow. I even tapped the holes shut...no luck. No ant farm.
1,Piece of junk. Reel makes noise but does not actually reel in line. Fish are hard to catch. Can't understand what the people are saying when they sing. Very disappointed.
1,Bought for my toddler's 3rd birthday party, she's obsessed with birds and I thought this would be perfect! We could use it for her party, then later she could hang it in her room. Blew it up right before her party, hung it up, and 10 minutes later I looked up and found a dead deflated bird carcass hanging from a string from our ceiling. We couldn't find any holes, thinking it was just a poorly done seam somewhere. Needless to say, she was sad about her bird, but carried the deflated carcass around the rest of the day. If you DO buy this, make sure you inflate it for 24 hours, at least a week before you need it, in case yours is DOA as well.
1,I buy this kite with other ones and this really was awful. First of all, it was broken parts. Then it doesn't have any clear or really none instructions. Never fly, i don't recommended and i didn't like it. I was dissapointed.
1,This was disappointing because it was much too babyish for my 8-year old granddaughter and was also hard to hear both the music, as well as the directions when playing the game.
1,It was fine but to small.  Sent back.
1,After about 6 months of gentle use, the doll is still in excellent condition except the music button has stopped working.  Called customer service number but they only suggested to change the batteries which I've already done.  It's unfortunate they won't stand behind a faulty product.
1,The bug keeps getting stuck in the tube connectors and it is generally not a well made toy by design as well as quality control. If I had designed this toy I would not have released it as it does not work well.
1,This balloon looked used and was packaged in a flimsy piece of plastic.  We barely inflated it and it popped before the birthday party.  I don't recommend at all.  Waste of money.
1,This is a retired tinker in the picture, I received the new tinker. Not what I wanted.
1,My son was fascinated with this product in the store, so I eventually got it for him.  It's terrible.  The "silly putty" substance doesn't stay intact the way most putty play toys do.  It separates, and and if you pull a long "string" of it, it breaks super-easily and drops all over everywhere.  Before I knew it, it was on his clothes.  It was impossible to get out, and we had to throw out a shirt and a pair of pajama bottoms.  He did not want to play with again, and that was good b/c I threw it away.  It caused lots of damage.
1,The sounds from this duck aren't clear to understand at all.  Very muddled sounding and my kids don't really enjoy it because they don't understand what the sounds are suppose to be.
1,I have a bag of these now sometimes they work too.
1,Worked for one day then remotes stopped working .
1,The original Rush Hour is still much more fun.  The only reason I had to buy this is my son is such a train freak.  The puzzles are not as challenging overall, yet the difficulty level is a bit uneven in the four categories (junior, beginner, intermediate, advanced).  Also, the build quality is poorer, as a few of the train pieces don't sit properly on the board, and the colors on the train pieces do not match those printed on the puzzle cards, a sore point for a young boy.
1,It kept falling over and I was afraid of the child getting tangled up in it.  Do not turn you back for even a moment.
1,tore in the same place another reviewer mentioned- near the slide- also my 4yo was playing there and it just ripped (what a wrong place to make a seam- the top of the slide, where all the weight will be... what were they thinking). Ok, it lasted for about 2 weeks, so at least that much and we still have the balls and hats laying around... it was fun `til it lasted. I paid for it like $6 at big lots, but still... i`m done with inflatable pools, looking for a plastic one now.		*don`t recommed, due to the poor constraction
1,This particular version is for toddlers. my elementary aged kids were completely bored. Donated it to the local preschool.
1,Got this today, it is half the size of the one with the orange flower headboard and the one with the purple headboard. Got it for Barbie and it is almost too small, it is not thick and it just covered foam, the other beds have filler in them and are heavier and bigger, more Barbie size.  Not happy, but will make do.
1,Did not work after many tries. Science person and no chance.
1,I used to love those dinos that would shoot out balls as a kid, so was excited to see this "modern" alternative.		So the premise of this toy is that the child can drop balls in on top or through the tail, and the dino can shoot balls out from his mouth, tail and belly, while playing various tunes. Where the balls pop out from is random so I guess that's part of the fun. The toy is supposed to turn on when a ball is placed in or by moving the bar on the front side of the dino. The toy comes with 6 multi-colored balls.		Sad to say this toy is quite boring. The dino vibrates a bit and the vibration makes the balls mostly roll off the top...they rarely made it to the mouth. They don't pop very high. I just don't see this holding a child's attention for long....
1,Okay
1,really cheap quality - and no real detail.	kid will break by christmas night.
1,No sticker
1,Sounds aren't great- the coyote sounds like a baby crying. Light isn't bright either.
1,Purchased for our family of 3 kids aged 13-9.  While we have seen a multitude of Disney, we found the gameplay extremely tedious.  While the questions were fair and "fun" (although true victory requires many hours in front of a television), the game structure was convoluted.  An "A" for content but a "D" for fun.  Perhaps better for drunken college students to play?  We will never break out this game to play again.  Will be donated to Goodwill.
1,Sending back head broken getting out of package
1,seller was great. packed toy very nicely.		BUT! toy itself is just a junk.	doors were too stiff to open for a child. food coloring is off(tomato ketchup in yellow bottle, lemon juice in red bottle etc)	nothing really fits on the shelf..		only great part was the ice maker.	but! even this part.. if you fit all 6 ice(comes in 6) hard to get the ice out. you need to put 5 in order for a child to play with without getting her frustrated.	overall very much dissatisfied. I should of went with kongsuni refrigerator.
1,This review is for the seller, NOT the game. The game and cards are awesome - an absolute family favorite! But I ordered this set of dice and cards and received ONLY the cards. I kept waiting, thinking the dice may come separately, but it's been a few weeks and nothing. I'm processing a return, but now I need to reorder and cross my fingers I get BOTH before Christmas.
1,Adorable with fast shipping but sooo small. Pretty disappointed and not really worth the price
1,Yoyo arrived broken. Need to see what can be done.
1,I HATED putting this puzzle together, mainly because of the large batch of trees on the right hand side. There just wasn't enough distinction to figure out where everything is supposed to go. I really like the picture tho, so I saved it and framed it.
1,If I could I would give a negative review of you show only plainswalkers and newer cards you would expect at least one most of my cards where an old I don't even know the set they came from no foils... No plainswalkers. All old cards what a waste of money and time. Thanks for getting my hopes up.
1,At first this plush and others in the set look great, good quality and cute sayings. The problem begins at the bottom reading about non replaceable batteries. We all know children with talking toys get upset when the battery dies and the toy no longer talks, we pay extra for it to not just be a plush. The instructions say when the battery dies to cut open Mickey with a scissor, to discard the batteries and then the now cut open plush, which will upset many children. This is a gimmick because the toy store knows you might go out and buy another plush after this upsetting situation. But, on the instructions you clearly see a battery pack that can be opened with a screwdriver and has an on/off switch! So it would be easy to change the batteries, IF they didn't stitch the plush shut! For the price (around $15) I would expect to be able to easily change the batteries. Most toys have a Velcro closure to easily get to the battery compartment, this would solve the problem. I expected better from fisher price and Disney in toy quality and if we all say something perhaps they will improve the toy and make it with replaceable batteries! In the mean time, you could carefully open the stitching in back, replace the batteries, and if you can sew, sew Velcro on each end to make your own way to open/close the back, don't buy another toy and fall for the marketing gimmick.
1,Even my 3 year old realizes this is not worth the money. If you want an awesome, incredibly durable vehicle then buy a Wow Toys or Bruder brand vehicle. They are in the same price range and a much higher quality.		Let me tell you why this is not worth $60.00, or even $40.00. It is a low to mid grade plastic, and the decals are stickers you put on yourself. What you are paying for is the licensing/marketing machine. This toy was being billed as the "number one best seller holiday toy" since September, shortly after it hit the market. Interesting how the same 3 at my local Walmart have been there for several weeks. How could they determine several months prior to the holidays that this was the holiday best seller? I received a catalog in the mail with it billed as one of the hottest toys. From experience, I know these catalogs are printed in August. So, what has happened is that the company has ordered a mass quantity of these items, which gives them a price break on the manufacturing, and now they are pushing them like crazy so they can make a huge profit. On top of that they are fully aware that you will have to purchase some, if not all, of the other $15 vehicles in order to make this any fun. Brilliant marketing/money making scheme! Which is fine if it is something you are OK spending this kind of money on. Not fine if you are getting caught up in the marketing and feel the push to buy the "best seller" holiday toy, for an amount of money that isn't actually worth it in materials and craftsmanship.		So my three year old is a huge Paw Patrol fan, has every action figure pup, plus Ryder, yet has zero interest in the Paw Patroller or really any other of their vehicles. He uses things he already owns to be the vehicles and he is completely happy with that. You will never see that in a commercial, but this is how most kids are.
1,Not the greatest quality for the price
1,And I just happened to get it. The thing had burn marks on the back, and I probably just got a returned one, or a defect. I returned this and will buy a cc3d atom. Two stars because if you buy one, it will probably work.
1,Raised price but bought it from toys r us. They said three dollars less! Rip off never buying from them again!!
1,My puzzle was a mix of pet themed and jungle themed. It also only had about 60 pieces instead of 100. Not that it mattered anyway. Had to return.
1,We play a lot of games... mostly strategy types, and the instructions are horrific!! Between the four of us at game night we gave up after an hour just trying to figure out how to get started.
1,The seals on these are no good. They fill with water and are useless after a few days. Also can't remove the weights and there are no directions to tell you how to do that. I consider this a waste of money. Toys R Us and a better fish which works great (more expensive but is still working after a month)
1,It's not great. It does not give as defined a shape as I can make with my own hands, and you have to fold it exactly as they show in their diagram for it to look decent at all. Not sure why this is so popular.
1,Don't think the grandkids loved it.
1,What more can I say. The doll is made of a hard plastic. The head is very large and hard. The whole doll is made of this hard plastic. Well made but not much posing. it is just too stiff. Wait to buy, it should soon be ten dollars.
1,Those reviews that love this doll, I'm guessing are from buyers that left her sealed in the box.  My daughter gets one every year to collect and we take them out of the boxes and display them on her shelf.  As soon as you pick this doll up, you will see that she's not as high quality as previous dolls - she feels lighter, the plastic seems cheaper and the dress also feels cheaper and flimsier.  No fancy detailed earrings this year, either.  Also left out of this one, is the plastic stand that they usually come with for displaying.  I'm guessing Mattel is banking on people leaving her in the box and not touching her and so they think people won't realize that she is a much cheaper doll than they have released in prior years.  This one feels like a $5 barbie you could buy at walmart, just with a fancier hairdo.
1,Lower the F$&@ing price!!
1,This was in its bag until use. The kids pulled it out to play with it and within an hour the metal had detached from the material. So being the 3rd time we used this it was disappointing to have to throw it away.
1,Small Jar didn't work even after change the battery.	Counting is not accurate.
1,The music mechanism that was included with my package is broken.  Old batteries, new batteries doesn't matter, the switch for on and off is dysfunctional and can not be repaired.  Should send it back, but too lazy.  I hope this company is not profiting with shoddy manufacturing from other customers like myself.
1,Needs: 1)better sound effects and 2)softer toy encasement. If these two changes are made, I believe it will be a winner.		The fart noise sounds as if you're turning off some sort of machinery very quickly....and the "tune" leading up to the fart sound is very dopey sounding. Please buy the hot potato toy instead. I bought both and we play with the hot potato all the time.
1,One of the straps that holds the legs broke the first time I used this product. Because this tie strap broke, the castle does not function properly. I am hoping that the company will see this review and offer to exchange or replace this product.
1,Extremely poor quality. Returned mine. Very surprised from a Melissa an Doug product.
1,My son and I love the idea of this choir chart. However after less than two weeks it has began to warp. The war page is so bad that the magnets won't stay on and the clear plastic fell out. I glued the plastic back on but with magnets continually falling off this is of no use.		Item looks good but its to the point any time you touch it magnets fall off or slide from their spots.		If the board stayed straight I would give a full 5 star review!
1,Momma always told me that I had "two left feet" and, well, now I have two left ears to match. I didn't receive a left & a right, just two lefts. Now I know that three lefts equals a right, but two left ears, I can still wear them, just one is turned upside down and looks Vulcan. Sheez!
1,did not last very well
1,Wasn't as advertised lots of copies of the same cards no mythic rares at all
1,Cheap!!! DO NOT BUY THIS!!!!  My boys (ages 3&5) got this earlier in the summer as a gift.  Thankfully, I did not waste any money on the piece of junk.  Very cheaply made.  The pieces don't give you enough space to really make a proper "landing" and "takeoff".  The hangers are cheap and break easily.  This seriously is a piece of junk.  I need to do more reviews on the great toys.
1,Junk Die After 3 days,got 2 & both are Crap, But They were Fast
1,We live in a world where every child receives a ribbon for finishing the race; where everybody is a winner; where everyone gets an award.		Zobmondo took that philosophy and applied it to the classic game of charades, "an acting game in which one player acts out a word or phrase, often by miming similar-sounding words, and the other players guess the word or phrase." (Thank you, Wikipedia.)		<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Don-t-Make-Me-Laugh/dp/B008MJ62PI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Don't Make Me Laugh</a>&nbsp;dispenses with the silent approach in favor of announcing what is about to be acted out, so the other players can vote/judge which player provided the best performance. But there are so many award categories, including Best Performance, Silliest, Bravest, Most Creative, Most Daring, Funniest, etc., that every player is assured to "win" something.		I have two sons, ages 11 and soon-to-be 10, who are as comfortable with improvisation as they are with humor.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Don-t-Make-Me-Laugh/dp/B008MJ62PI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Don't Make Me Laugh</a>&nbsp;seemed like a perfect fit, however that wasn't the case at all. The game was far too simple for their age. The box states the game is intended for ages 5 and up. I submit that the high end of that audience is age 7-8. My sons like charades and part of the reason they enjoy it is that they are developing the words and phrases that we act out. With "Don't Make Me Laugh" the creative aspect of the game is replaced with printed cards that provide three types of acting: All Play, Partner Play and Solo Act. These are self-explanatory and provide far less intrigue than you would imagine.		In summary, "Don't Make Me Laugh" offers 100 Don't Make Me Laugh Improv Cards, 17 Award Title Cards, 1 Clown Nose (don't ask), 5 Cloth Goodie Bags, 55 Award Tokens, and 15 Jelly Bands for $24.99. I don't recommend it for children ages 10 and up. While I understand why it would appeal to younger children, I suggest your $25 would be better spent on lemonade, popcorn and the paper and pencils necessary to write your own cards for charades.		Rating: Two stars.		On a side note, I recently saw a Tumblr post that showed a table and four chairs with the heading "My favorite game console." Our family likes board games very much and we play them often, especially on our "Friday Family Fun Nights." That is why I wouldn't give "Don't Make Me Laugh" a one-star review. I hope Zobmondo forgoes its "everybody wins" philosophy with their next family board game. Kids can have fun without everyone receiving a ribbon or an award.
1,My ain't got this for Christmas and it's the end of February and it's starting to fall apart. He isn't hard on it or does he miss use it either. Poor quality.
1,The kids had fun with these but I was very disappointed that a few of these had cracks in them and leaked... Not sure if I would buy these from this seller again...
1,good
1,I was sad of this purchase.  I'm really good at repairing inflatables....I live in way Northern NY and it takes awhile to be warm enough for the hoze espeshally when babies are involved.  When I got this out of tge box it was to late to do a return.  There is a slow well I guess faster then slow....but leak and I cant find it for the life of me!  Im still gonna try!  I never even blew up the extras yet.  Bummed on this one but Im pretty sure mine was a manufactures defect.  I had the rainbow one in the past with the whale and loved it!  Same basic idea.
1,The pieces to this puzzle are curved with no joints so they don't "click" together like most puzzle pieces. It's very hard for little hands to keep them in place when putting in other pieces. They move around A LOT and they have to be at exactly the right angle to get adjacent pieces to fit. Even I had to hold the pieces down with once hand while putting a new piece in. Then I thought, maybe that's what a Ravensburger puzzle is. But no, the other Ravensburger I got is a normal puzzle. It's annoying too because it doesn't say on the box that this puzzle is any different. I would NOT recommend this for younger kids (my son is 4).
1,My daughter wanted this for Christmas and it was ordered for her. It doesn't do anything except add to her collection of Barbie items. It is basically an overpriced Happy Meal toy.
1,no grip support not recomendy for active child not good on wood floor
1,I did not meet my expectations, very poor quality.
1,Not as much freedom with the buttons, not as many options. The star above the on/off button does not press down, only flashes. The piano buttons on the right are somewhat boring. There is one song per page but, unlike the other version, this book does not give the option to play all the different songs. One song only plays with each page that you turn. Definitely, the older version of this musical toy book is better.
1,Update: we received a new one and had the same problems. It seemed to fly a little better and smoother,but one of the motors was out within flying it just a few times. We returned it, again. Find a better one, spend a little more and you'll be good.		I originally ordered one of these off of Amazon Wharehouse. Not even a full day in, it stopped working. (The condition explained was "repackaged")		We returned that one and purchased a new one. It flies better and smoother and seems to be holding up better. Go for new on this despite the $10-$15 savings.		Seems durable, but we have to tighten a few things after a small crash here and there.
1,very pricey for what you get. Thought we could make jewelry but not really functional for that . very few beads and many do not have holes drilled in them so of use at all. Would not buy again can not make all the things shown as there are too few beads actually in the kit
1,Horrible. Handle broke within one week.  This is plastic and much more difficult to use than the wooden ones.
1,I'm shocked this gets great reviews. It did work wonderfully for exactly two months, almost to the day. Our daughter spinned on it daily for about 30 mins per day.		 Then one day, it just stopped working. We flipped it over and it was plastic on plastic worn away.		I contacted customer service and received this reply:		"Unfortunately the 30 day defective claim period has expired on this order. We do apologize for this inconvenience however we are required to abide by our posted return / exchange policy."		Wow. $99 for two months. NOT a good value.
1,This was broken when we received it.  Very poorly made.
1,This was a horrible mess
1,These were cute, but none of them transferred. I am so disappointed. I usually love Melissa & Doug products, but this one was terrible.
1,One DOA, 2 failed next day; It is evident that the spring mechanism is of very poor design.
1,The lid with the shape openings doesn't click or snap into place in anyway.  My kid just took if off and had more fun dumping the blocks in and out.  He does like it, but hubby and I were very disappointed.  Would prefer he had to go through the lid to fit the shapes, since that's sort of the point...
1,I love M & D and am normally thrilled with everything they have, but this was so SMALL and the description led you to believe otherwise.  Seems by the picture its just full of beads but there are very few.  It was cheap and my little girl will love it, but a sad attempt at what could have been a great gift!
1,Arrived late and very cheaply made.  I returned it.
1,Came in with a puncture! :(
1,got it cheap. did not work. battery dead.
1,When this toy works properly, it is really fun. The fairy flies high and spins well wherever she lands. HOWEVER, it is really easy to jam the launcher. There are ball bearings inside that jam about every fourth time you pull the string. You have to vigorously shake and hit the launcher to fix this. Once, we had to disassemble the launcher to fix this problem. I would not bother buying this toy because it is difficult for a child to fix the jam without assistance.
1,DAAAMN IT I WAS THIS CLOSE TO ORDERING THE FULL SIZE ONE,,,BUT I CAN'T BUILD RCS YET!!!!I've tried and Noo good (SOO IM AL JUST BUY THE MINI LUNCH BOX RTR WITH  THE TANK ROLLERS!!!!
1,Returned them
1,The picture of the product is very misleading so make sure you read the description. Even then, that is wrong.  The picture shows 3 colors that are completely different from the bullet description which states "purple with either red, yellow or green.".  The one I received was purple and orange. Not at all any color that I wanted. Guess it is back to brick and mortar store searching so I can get what I need.  Not worth the money to send back unfortunately.
1,Super cute toy that my daughter loves, however it only lasted a month. She broke a few of the slats loose and the whole thing fell apart. I tried to re-glue them but they didn't hold. Wish the product was more secure. Kind of dangerous when the slat came off.
1,Meh, didn't really care for this game.  It can be really hard to guess the answers.  One of my guests really enjoys it though.  Loves playing it whenever we so a game night.  The rest of is just find it so-so.  It may have to "accidentally" disappear from my party game collection.
1,TINY BALLOONS
1,Does not work.
1,Not like the originals
1,Three educated adults have all tried to get this thing to focus, with no avail.
1,returned
1,Missing the locking support arm, missing locking caps on the end. Missing the receipt and instructions.	Definitely not a new product. Dirty slide.	We are assuming this was a return and nobody took the time to check the parts before sending it to us. By the way when we choose to buy a new product, we do not expect to get a returned product.
1,What arrived to me was a wig in a package that said Hermione Granger wig just like it is posted here. What came out of that package looked NOTHING like what is pictured nor did it look anything like Hermione Grangers hair. It was very dark solid brown with curls on one side and straight on the other. I am returning this wig.
1,The wooden Schwinn sign along each side now comes already fixed to the wagon. When we took the wagon out of the box we could see the manufacturer had drilled the sign on too tightly and its cracked the sign almost in two. The split was razor sharp and dangerous, we had to take the sign off. It also arrived with paint chipped off the metal body. This new wagon which cost us AUD$400 with shipping out of the box looks like a second hand piece of junk. (it was double box packed and the box shows no signs of damage)	Also the spacers are too narrow for the rear wheels, there is massive play and so when you pull the wagon it rattles horribly.	I would strongly recommend people Not Buy this or don't have high expectations. The quality control for this company on this product is appalling. I do feel ripped off on this purchase. I am ashamed for the person who actually screwed the sign on, cracked it and then put it in the box for a child to receive and in our case as a birthday gift.	Now we are trying to track down the manufacturers contact details hoping to get a replacement.	Will post update on how that goes.
1,Not what I expected.
1,flying:	With any drone takes a while to get used to. But once going it is fun to use.		Video/camera:	Pretty good for a small drone.		Durability:	Broke the first day. Not sure what went wrong.		Update:	The company is sending a replacement drone. Family is excited to fly again. Hopefully it was just a bad drone we got.
1,The day this arrived, one of the wooden "benches" in the back came unglued and fell off--my baby could have choked if she hadn't been supervised! I figured it was an anomaly so I let her play with it (watching closely), and the other piece fell off a few days later. Part of the exterior also chipped off. Basically, this is poorly made junk and I do NOT recommend getting it. Very unsafe.
1,there is better devices out there for cheaper, this is just a rip off
1,Opened this toy, put it together, and we already know this one's going back to the store. The roof doesn't even snap on... It just sits there. Nothing to hold the curtains in place. The whole thing unfolds and falls apart into a million tiny pieces if you look at it the wrong way. The runway doesn't snap on... It just rests there. And it has 75 (!!!!) tiny pieces smaller than the size of my pinky nail. Let's be honest, here. How many of these are going to end up in the vacuum cleaner by the time they've even been looked at?
1,Colorful and nice graphics, but over time it will not withstand a long period of hopping. After the first use I noticed indentation in the pieces. Also the markers are too lightweight to land on the numbers easily. I had to tape something heavier on the back side to add weight.
1,I was so excited to get these for our son.  He tried using them once and are now at the bottom of his outside toybox.  We were hoping that he would use them to better his balance skills and thought he would love feeling taller as he walked around on them.  You are better off buying buckets and making them yourself.  The buckets are too small and my son is only 3 with a size 8 foot (barely) to give you an idea.
1,Mattel why did you change them to be like Ever After High dolls in the face? They now have the fat round heads & the quality in the costumes is poor. The only thing you should do is bring back the old style & make quality outfit & shoe packs separately.  I've now lost interest in MH doll collecting.
1,The concept of this is perfect, when coupled with the compatible bug zoo, you can suck and then capture bugs with no chance of mistake.		The problem is, the sucking power is barely enough for a tiny moth.  I tried a common housefly and with or without the nozzle, an inch or two (or closer) away wasn't enough to capture them.		I'm about to re-wire the thing for more power and see if that helps.		Don't expect this to suck, it sucks!
1,Got these for my son's birthday party & they were just TOO tiny and the bubbles didn't really work. Would not purchase again
1,This has to be the worst item I ever bought on amazon and was a bit overpriced. Once I received this item I noticed on the top left there was a sticker residue that someone have removed the price tag. The quality wasn't good either. I could of bought it from Walmart or Target for a lot cheaper. But, I really need it for an Easter egg hunt for my child. So, I just took it as is. Never will I buy again.
1,We have gone thru 4 or 5 of these things I lost count. Leapfrog replace the for 2 but the rest have been on us. The volume only works with headsets after about a year of use (that was the problem on 2 of the units) and the system was stuck in open mode for 1 of them. The 1st 2 times it was replaced was within the first month we had it. One didn't work when it came in the mail from Leapfrog. The construction of this is crappy for lack of better term. If we would have 9 games (at 25.00 each) I would have bought a 5th one. Games are great my son has learned so much from them that is its only saving grace.
1,I bought for my 11 year old grandson who has been an Avatar fan from the beginning.  A few years ago we bought this same toy for him and the legs would not stay on and were lost so we threw the remaining carcass away.  He still loves Avatar so we bought this again thinking Mattel had probably improved it; however, the legs are still extremely difficult to snap in.  In fact, the left front leg absolutely would not stay in (after using a hammer AND a wrench!) so we returned the toy.  I'm very disappointed because we bought it for his birthday (we also bought the banshee and the dire horse - they were hard to put together too but we finally prevailed).  I will probably order one more time hoping to get one we can assemble.
1,I bought this for my 9 month old for Christmas and it just arrived -- unceremoniously in a plastic bag, which I guess is fine.  I think she is much cuter in the picture than real life.  She seems light on the stuffing, and a little cheapy on the materials.  She is made with a lot of fleece and it feels a little yucky.  Maybe she will love it, which is all that matters, and I won't be returning...but would not recommend.  You can find something similar at Target in the $5 bin.
1,It was DOA.
1,These glasses were purchased for a prop and I will not return them because of the price but they came with scratched lenses and one lens was popped out of the frame when opened.  I was able to put the lens back into the frame but I question if they were a return that had been used previously.  I will shop elsewhere for future purchases of this type.
1,It makes cool sounds, but it's not bright at all.
1,These things are a serious pain in the ass to grow and maintain. The water has to be distilled,  and a precise temperature,  which is hard to maintain in a Petri dish.  We never made it past the hatchling stage, cuz the little buggers are impossible to see and therefore impossible to care for. If you have the time and patience (and a really good magnifying glass) have at it. I'll stick with fish lol
1,Nothing worse than opening brand new game and finding only 5/15 of the train stations and a board with tons of huge wrinkles in the board face.
1,I ordered these wings for a grand child she needed them for a church program . Normally I make her costumes,etc. Since we live in NM & she in FL,I decided to order her a set. She is only 12 years old. The bands to hold them on broke right  away. The child was very disappointed so am I.
1,my daughter got this for christmas this year and it ended up breaking and the glow liquid got into her eyes and she was crying and rubbing them. didn't know it until i found this in her bedroom leaking everywhere...!
1,Sounds motorized- large and heavy- hard to carry around.
1,First, I thought I was getting a red and yellow one, like the picture.  Came pink.  That's okay, I guess, I don't think pink is an issue for boys.  But DANG is this little light bright!  And of course he wants to look right into it!  We taped some tissue paper over it (lots of tape) just to feel safer about that.  But the buttons are kinda fun.  All around not his favorite toy.
1,I bet you're looking at this and thinking to yourself, "my three or four year old would love this. What can go wrong?"		Let me tell you, we've gone through three of these and each one has broken in the exact same spot in the exact same way. I've watched my son each time when it happens, he isn't bumping anything. The plastic on the front wheel cracks and the wheel comes off. We actually opened the third one about 10 minutes ago and it is already broken. My son was so excited to play with his red car again, too bad it is poorly made. Don't be an idiot like me, don't buy this. Don't buy it twice. Don't buy it three times.
1,VERY POOR FIGURE COMPARED TO THE OTHER DC COLLECTIBLE FIGURES AT A PREMIUM PRICE. VERY SMALL AND POOR SERVICE FROM SELLER
1,In real life this is one of my favorite buildings; I particularly am interested in art deco. For some reason, the model doesn't quite capture that characteristic of the building.  In fact, some people who have lived in NY for decades have confused it with another building.	The lower parts of the building pose some difficulties		Overall, it's not too difficult to build.  I take one star off for the build difficulty, and two because it just doesn't hit the esthetic mark.  If you are a NY kind of person, you'll probably want one of these for your collection; but you may be disappointed in it's representation.		But that's just me...
1,Was open and tapped back together,t He box was used a a soccer ball and was missing the internal parts(background) You can see in the last photo How it has a background like all GoT Darkhorse figures.
1,I wish I would have read the reviews before buying this. It broke within the first two days. My son was so excited to have it and now all I hear from him is " Please fix it mama" I figured for the price it would be pretty good quality... boy was I wrong.
1,This made a huge mess in my house.  My nephew sprayed it on the ceiling while playing.  It was difficult to remove. I threw it out.
1,When you have 3 charging and the light switches how do you know they are all charged- or just one....?
1,Not sure why but these guards cut down the performance of my DJI. My battery life was reduced and my flight speed was reduced. I replaced these with the blue larger sized DJI guards designed for the DJI Phantom 2 (my DJI is an FC40). My flight time increased. My DJI flew faster and take off was much more stable with the blue DJI guards than with these. Also there were no screws included with the shipment so I had purchase additional screws to install the guards. Disappointed in my purchase of these guards.		They are a good quality product but you can do better. Look for the BLUE colored guards. If you don't like the color paint them. Trust me you will be much happier with the purchase.
1,The giraffe I received doesn't look like this picture. The eyes are turned vertical instead of horizontal and it makes the giraffe look angry. I tried to turns the eyes horizontal but was unable to. We got a refund.
1,Doesn't even deserve one star, it came with missing knob, and broken piece. My husband is very good at assembling things; but this one took forever and the last part we had to put didn't even cut right! It was a nightmare putting this together and came with wrong parts.
1,I was so surprised that this item was as big as it is. Much larger than I expected. It is also so big that it is difficult for a little one to squeeze the arms. Not easy enough for a little one to squeeze. Also two of the legs were off tune, so couldn't really play a tune on it. Did not get played with because it was so large, difficult to squeeze and couldn't play a tune.
1,Doesn't work most of the time and when it does its going to one side no matter the trim. I did get a full refund and they didn't even want the broken one returned which was good cause I hate the hassle of going to the ups store.
1,Contains two small bags of mutually incompatible parts.  (One bag has "standard" sized pieces and one bag has the same pieces but scaled down and not compatible with the other bag).		The container probably has 4x the necessary capacity to hold the number of parts that ship with it.  So I use the container to hold all the other k'nex we already have (in addition to what was shipped).		The 521 is a little misleading.  It should say something like 200 standard sized k'nex and 321 incompatible smaller k'nex.  (and the smaller ones are probably more dangerous for young kids).		I purchased "K'NEX Classics 30 Model Building Set" at the same time and it's has a lot more "standard" pieces.		Hopefully this review is useful!
1,Figure looks great but the left arm came off when my nephew tried to move it. A few hasbro figures have these issues where legs/arms aren't set all the way properly
1,its not rider as picture its fake
1,We already had a few of these rockets acquired locally.  The rockets provided with this order were mis-shapened and did not fit the rocket launchers very well.  We still had a good family time at Christmas last year playing with them, but they were largely impossible to aim and unable to be reliably launched.  As I recall, they we shipped in a large plastic bag.  The product is on the cheap side of cheap.
1,These were just okay. I ended up returning them because I really hated the orangish yellow color. Also I had hoped to use them as cupcake toppers and they were just too big for that. It would have taken over and left no icing!
1,Pants were ripped along seam and I hade to sew the seam almost the full length of one leg!
1,Horrible, much too difficult for kids to do, even with Mom's help.  I didn't even enjoy doing this with them as there were NO useful instructions, online videos were not helpful and even when you manage to get the tiny beads clipped onto the tiny rubber bands they will come off as you attempt to attach them all into some sort of recognizable creature.  As soon as kids are not looking, the whole thing is going to the garbage.  A frustration for all of us.
1,Unfortunately I'll be returning this. Not being able to have the timer up on the home page with all the other pertinent info is a deal breaker for me. Plus everytime you cycle the power switch the timer resets to default settings. Battery life is mediocre at best, IMHO.	I do think there are some nice features on this radio, but its not for me. Think I'll look into the DX5 or Graupner X8-E.
1,Buy this doll to expand the collection of my daughter who is a fan of the monster high	-But that disappointment to receive it and see it is very small	-Although it is beautiful , it is too small compared with normal wrists and does not look good next to them	-I did not like	-Too bad we live outside the US and I can not return
1,It's a cute doll, and my daughter likes it. The bad part is that this toy is meant be played with in water yet it's impossible to clean out. Her head is now filled with disgusting mold, and she can't even be played with anymore. I tried getting the water out after each bath, but some always stayed in her head. It's a shame since my daughter liked her so much.
1,My daughter was so excited when she opened the lalaloopsy treehouse Christmas morning from her Grandma...however, it is the cheapest built toy she has ever had so far! The material they used to make the treehouse itself is thin and flimsy, the walnut shell hammocks don't even fit the dolls inside, the "seatbelt straps" are very hard for my 4 yr old to fit the dolls in so I tried and even had a hard time myself. The bridge does not stay connected to the other tree house and she is constantly asking for me to fix things. It just seems to be falling apart and she isn't rough with it at all, just very poorly made. Fun looking toy and very cute, but the pro's with this toy end at that. Lalaloopsy treehouse is overrated and overpriced.
1,Color of road is purple instead of grey.  Looks sort of strange
1,Worst stacking block set! They kept falling. So the grown ups tried to help, and still tumbling down. They are too thin and therefore don't have good support to stand staked. RETURNED ASAP!
1,My son wanted this to go with his dress knight costumes to play with his little sisters, very sweet.  It was so cheap and didn't even inflate all the way.  Major disappointment
1,Lasted about 3 days then it just snap at the body. Not as heavy duty as I expected from hot wheels. Looks great and realistic. Kids love it but it didn't last.
1,This is a small toy, with the gray moon a good fit for a chubby baby fist.  I was not impressed with the quality control on a mail order-- the gray fabric is replaced by lining showing to a large extent on mine (the look varies quite a bit from the photo), which leads to questions about safety upon first impression.  Baby toys need to be sturdy and very well sewn to earn a recommendation from me.
1,Net does not stay on. Had to tape it on so my son could play.
1,This was a very disappointing product.  First of all, almost all of our pages were just about 100% blue.  The color itself was bad and fades in and out.  My son still enjoyed doing the project, so I'm giving it two stars instead of one.  But overall a waste of money.
1,You get what you pay for...
1,I don't recommend
1,These things are trash. They don't even stick to each other let alone a window... they peel off like a sunburn on the window, and then our cat trots around with it in her mouth like a prize. Don't waste your couple of bucks.
1,one of the pair has terrible squeal on it cannot hear incoming transmission on it cause squeal is too loud. we have tried switching batteries and and where we stand to use it. just got one bad walkie talkie. i really thought that if it was coming from NERF, that it would be of pretty good quality. sad thing is, it was from Santa. so my son was just beside himself when it did not work correctly. we told him that we were going to have to send it back to the north pole so the elfs could tweak it. haven't gotten around to returning it yet though. just don't want it to be a waste of time. NERF, i am very disappointed.
1,other reviewers summed up the problems well.  I should have listened but the idea of a floating fairy was too captivating.  The whole thing doesn't work well, isn't that interesting and is basically a piece of overpriced junk.  a disappointment.
1,This is a cute game and it comes in a nice tin. My daughter received this for her birthday, and we just opened it tonight. The game board immediately broke in half. This is not acceptable for a $23 board game. Apparently they don't actually make 'em like they used to. How annoying.
1,Did not receive the duckies or erasers or any of it! I got pencles a couple penguins,sound makers that made NO  sound what so ever. an a jingle bell braclets an bell necklaces. not enuph to phil up a bag an i was realy looking forward to the duckies
1,you would think for the price it would be more sturdy. When my son plays with it the toy keeps falling down. I went and found one at target that's made of real wood and made for standing, same price
1,The pictures of vehicles are great. The paint...not good. My 3.5 YO son tried it and then I tried it myself. Took a dropper (like I always do) and added water drops on each color. Then used the provided paint brush to swirl around one color. When I tried to paint with it, all that was on the paper as water. Thankfully I had bought a pack of water colors.
1,You get what you pay for.
1,They are also too big for my dads train town. I needed miniatures. They will be also sent back
1,complicated to put together
1,the first one that we got the handle to the large broom was broken in half upon delivery. when we received the replacement and gave it to our son it took him about an hour of playing with it for the handle on the large broom to almost break (handle is dented almost all the way). not very good quality at all. the small broom with the dust pan works fine but the large broom is junk.
1,When I got them they where all pink..... bookoo
1,We received this set as a gift for our 2-year old son, who has recently started exhibiting a keen interest in Duplos, Magnatiles, etc. We have a number of the specialty Duplo sets (zoo, train, etc.), which I have found to be of surprisingly high quality (unlike Megablocks). We wanted a more basic set of Duplos to add to the specialty sets, & this seemed to fit the bill. The price was right & there were a large number of pieces. So, we asked grandpa for a Christmas gift. Unfortunately, the quality of this set is "off" -- several of the pieces are defective. In particular, there are about 4 or 5 2x8 flat blue pieces that just don't connect with any of the other blocks -- a constant source of frustration for my toddler. When I contacted Lego Education to ask for replacement pieces, they dismissed me, saying that the set, per its specifications, apparently only contained one of these pieces & they would not replace any beyond that (despite the fact that my set clearly arrived with multiple defective blocks and the description of the set states that contents may vary based on what's available at the time of packaging). Nonsensical. I tried to reason with them, to no avail. I'll be sticking to regular Duplos (not Education) from now on, despite the higher price.
1,So annoying how the light flashes with the music. I returned this item the same day I received it. A very obnoxious toy.
1,I've never bought or used a toy that was of such low quality.		Two of the three pens crumbled at the slightest pressure (leaving messy white crumbs all over the place)...I thought maybe my son was pressing too hard, but when I tried with a new pen, the same thing happened.  The other felt-tipped pen clogged up within minutes, and we didn't get through 10% of a single drawing before the pens were useless.  Now the entire thing is useless.		Horrible waste of money and time.  I can't believe the first several reviews of this product were from genuine users...either that or crayola dramatically redesigned this product since first introducing it.
1,Toy is jammed up from time to time also didn't come in original box
1,I didn't realize these were a) miniscule and b) not regular play doh consistency. For kids with sensory issues it was disappointing. Not tough enough to dig your hands into and too "silky" to build with. Don't bother.
1,We received this as a present two days ago.  I set it up with a few issues, and the kids immediately started playing in it.  A few hours later, one of the rods broke.  I attempted to fix it with electrical tape, receiving several splinters in the process.  This morning, the other rod broke.  The rods are this cheap wood that has been painted and it splits and splinters MUCH too easily.  I have now spent close to two hours removing splinters from these dang wooden poles from my hands and my kids' hands. The whole structure is flimsy, but if the poles weren't so fragile, it wouldn't be that bad.  This was a great idea as a gift, but I'll attempt to find something that's made a little better.
1,Falls apart often, not good quality.
1,I wish I read the reviews before ordering! This does NOT come with the Mickey, Donald & Pluto tattoos as the first picture shows! I ordered them for my sons birthday party so the girls AND boys can have tattoos. Now I will have to spend more money to buy tattoos for the boys :(
1,small case, doesn't hold too many sets and feels flimsy
1,<div id="video-block-R3IU37S0K2KMOG" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71WsBE4JCaS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1Z4JOn65xS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;Everything is great about the DJI Drones except 2 things:		a) There is a major flaw in the video recording system that causes it to split the video file at 4gb and there is a loss of frames producing a skip in the video.  This means that you cannot record continuous video in 2.7k longer than about 7 minutes (about 10 min in 1080p) without having a very noticeable "skip" in the video due to lost frames when you combined the video files into one video.  So this creates a major limitation for using this for professional video, such as events and movies where you need to shoot longer segments.  DJI says "this is normal" but my 6-year old digital camera that cost $200 6 years ago can film 1080p video without this problem!  I think just not enough people have complained about it because the majority of users are hobbyist just fooling around and not concerned about producing commercial professional quality videos.		b) Their support sucks (which is widely known)
1,Good concept, but the purple and green grasping toy broke after a few uses.
1,Compared to the original Slinky, the "Giant" version is the same diameter, however, it has approximately one third fewer coils. Stored energy and momentum are reduced to the point this new version will not descend stairs or moved from one vertical plane to the next.
1,There was a lot of hype about this type of product going around social media, so I decided to order this for my grandson who is fascinated with magnets.  The container appeared to have been opened previously, and the "Putty" was very hard.  I kneaded it for quite some time, and was only able to get it to soften a bit.  It's basically brightly colored old silly putty with tiny metal fragments & a square magnet thrown in the middle.  We were not able to get the putty to "magnetize" & the putty was too hard to do any of the "tricks" that were advertised.  Overall, I am disappointed with this purchase.  If this item was returnable, I would have sent it back.  I will pay more attention to return policies on prime orders from now on, that's for sure.
1,This stuff is destructive! First, it is funny, sounds just like a fart etc . . but my daughter constantly took it out of the plastic ( the only way for it to work is to be used in the container and with the air bubbles, it sounds like a fart) but first my daughter dropped it on carpet and it stuck and clung to every fabric thread and will not come out.  Permanent flarp stain on my carpet.  Then my daughter thought it would be funny to plop on top of her head and as she said "look daddy" all proud, he screamed for me to run in and see what a mess this horrible slime caused on her hair!  It took 2 hours and a jar of mayo to carefully pull out every little piece of slime chunks that cling to hair or anything it can, it literally had to be removed one strand at a time.  I refuse to buy this ever again.  So not even worth the dollar we paid at the store.  Yeah kids shouldn't put it on their head, but mine did and who knows what else a kid will stick it on.  The car seats, carpet, the wall etc . .it leaves a residue or if it's fabric, forget it - it's ruined.
1,Being a fan of X-Men I eagerly purchased this Wolverine Pop bobble head.  Unfortunately this Pop is of a low quality and the paint job is very poor.  The paint was scratched in multiple places on mine and colors bleed into the next one.		I'd personally only recommending purchasing this Pop if you are a collector or a fan of Wolverine.  If you are looking for a great looking Pop in terms of quality this isn't it.
1,too small I sent this back!
1,My 2-1/2 yr old got the Mickey Motors Raceway for a Christmas gift, you'd think with the high price and a name like Fisher Price, it'd have some quality. However, after nearly an hour of trying to figure out how to put it together, let alone the proper sticker placement (horrible instructions), my son had it in pieces in seconds! The main base tracks don't stay snugly together and worse, the red curvy tracks pop out of the slots when the cars pass through. Well, actually, they pop out when the wind blows. I do give Fisher Price 5 stars for service though! I've called on many products and they have always been gracious. I called on this one and they are sending me a credit vouture (sp?) for the entire price of the toy to buy something else. I do URGE everyone to call toy companies when they are dissatisfied with their products so that they can try to do better in the future. And to get the JUNK off the market! So don't waste your money on this one!
1,I purchased this for my 6yo.  She was very frustrated that the doll didn't respond to her movements in the play with me mode.  Needless to say, she ended up ripping off the bracelets and storming off to another room.  Add in the loud music and the 10 batteries, at any price (I paid $25), it's just not worth it.
1,bought this as a collector gift for my teen.  The arm came off as soon as it was out of the package.  For as much as this cost and as careful as my teen is?  Waste of money.  I don't know who was angrier, me or him.
1,Pieces are small, like coin sized. Have not pulled off the plastic for fear she will eat or lose them. Husband got for a lightning deal, and more trouble to return than it is worth.
1,This seems like a really neat toy, but my son isn't that into it. We tend to gravitate toward simple, imaginative toys in an effort to spur our son to use his brain and creativity when playing. I thought for sure that the puzzle of the bones inside the fish would delight him, but he has hardly touched the fish since it arrived despite our assistance and encouragement. This one is a bust, I'm afraid.
1,Bought two for my daughters for Xmas, one was defective and didn't light up at all so had to return. The one that did work is fine, my daughter likes it cuz it is very soft and does light up, she uses it as a night light. I think these are very cheaply made and wouldnt recommend purchasing.
1,I was really excited about this toy for my son because I assumed that more cards could be purchased.  But the 9 cards it comes with seems to be the only ones out there.  After scanning the 9 cards 2 times, my son is bored and so am I.  Great concept, but Fisher-Price dropped the ball on the possibilities for this one.
1,you will wait months! not satisfied!
1,did not fit wltoys v686g quadcopter as advertised..would not slide into battery compartment..too thick and a little too wide....additionally the quad was obviously second hand as there were scrape marks on the camera bottom and on several other bottom locations...I am hoping these are not used motors as they already have a poor reputation, average 3 out of 5 stars, and many more much less...
1,One of the pieces broke luckily it wasn't needed
1,the leg broke off not too long after i gave it to my daughter, she didn't rough play with it, we like the toy, but i don't know if it was damaged when we got it or what.
1,Pieces are flimsy
1,I just got this yesterday and started trying to learn to work it today.  I was going to start it in my tiny living room just to make sure it worked and then take it outside.  Instead, I've stayed inside with it.  On Mode 1, it flies slowly if you go easy on the throttle, and it has good control.  I discovered two advantages to trying it out at home:  whenever it tried to get away from me, a bookshelf stopped it so I didn't have to run after it; and when it crashed, it came down onto a nice soft carpet.  That said, it has taken a bit of a beating, albeit going very slowly, with no sign of damage anywhere.  And I've kept it low to the ground for the most part.  It did work as a great hedge trimmer on a couple of leaves on my poor peace lily.  I'm going to keep it inside until I feel like I have a moderate amount of control over it.  I've tried flying little helicopter toys and was miserably bad at it.  This is soooo much easier and the controls don't send it flying too fast or to one side or the other too easily.  After a little over an hour with it, I actually think I'm going to be able to fly it.	ADDENDUM:  Unfortunately, I have to amend this review.  I had originally given 5 stars, but after working with this drone for several weeks, I've discovered that the controller is what I would call "too loose."  It's almost impossible to get good control of the drone because even small taps on the controls make too large an adjustment.  It flies all over the place with very little control.  Control of the craft also changes according to the power left in the battery.  A fresh battery really sends it flying out of control.  The trim buttons don't work well, and the drone does not hover in place well because it constantly changes which direction it wants to go.  My son bought a JJRC Super Scorpio, equivalent in size and features to this one, and in trying it out I found the controls to be more stiff and therefore much easier to fly the drone on even my first attempt.  They're out of stock right now (Dec. 23, 2015), but I would recommend waiting until they're back in stock and buy one of those.
1,I had pretty high expectations for this little guy.  My son has the WowWee robot, and it's pretty cool.  He's been asking for a drone, and this one looked amazing.  In actuality, it's been incredibly frustrating.  The directions are not the best, so we resorted to online videos and demos.  After hours, literal hours, trying different things, different lighting, different modes, I can say with certainty that it is not "so easy to control, anyone can use it!"  It crashes into things, the blades fall off and it doesn't respond to app controls a good 70 percent of the time.  We never got the Lumi to the Beat to work, and my daughter was most excited by that demo.  I'm not sure if we got a defective one, but it would appear this really neat concept needs a bit more work.  I can't say I'd recommend this.
1,This is for dress up only.  It is made of nasty cheap polyester blend fabric.  I am not pleased at all - we wanted a COTTON lab coat.  I won't be using any strong chemicals right now with my child, but this coat was supposed to last for a few years... and be worn when we DO use chemicals other than baking soda and vinegar.  This coat is just not worth the price point asked when its not even real.  Also - not sure how effective those goggles will be either in real experiments.
1,Cheaply made, falls apart easily, very frustrating for the kids to play with.  Don't waste your money.
1,Ours was broken when we got it.  When you raise her arm, she's supposed to sing and it doesn't.  I also thought it was supposed to say a lot more phrases but it only has (maybe) 3 phrases and sings the same song over and over.  The shoes keep falling off so I've resorted to just keeping them off.
1,Just like the earlier reviewer, I too was disappointed in this product and will no longer buy Melissa and Doug products. I bought a few different products recently and the quality has deteriorated. Besides, it's made in China....and I would like to purchase a US made map of our country.  The pieces aren't correctly shaped, don't fit or stay in place...all in all, a disappointment.  There was a time when I was impressed with Melissa and Doug products....not any longer.
1,This is a cute jack-in-the box, and my one-year-old daughter loves it. However, I would advise you not to buy it, because it is not durable at all. Both times I've tried this jack-in-the-box, it has broken within a few days!		The first time, my mother-in-law sent this jack-in-the-box to us as a gift. Within 48 hours of normal use (never being dropped, thrown, etc.), the music cylinder somehow broke. The music became garbled and it sounded dreadful.  We had to send it back.		My mother-in-law also had one of these at her house for her grandkids to play with.  Again, my daughter was delighted to play with it, and again, it broke within a couple of days. This time, the crank simply stopped engaging with the music cylinder at all, so the jack-in-the-box now makes no sound, no matter which way you turn the crank.		Even if this toy hadn't broken, I still would have had a major complaint: the latch that holds the lid closed can easily be pushed open at any point during the song. My curious toddler quickly learned how this worked, and henceforth she would never wait for the song to finish. She'd just pop the lid open, push it closed again, laugh, and repeat. Although she still enjoyed it, that's not how a jack-in-the-box is supposed to work.		So I give this toy one thumb down for design and two thumbs down for durability. I do not recommend it!
1,Loved it at first but the latch broke after about a week.
1,Worked for what we wanted it for, but the package arrived all torn open and the tent is what you pay for - cheap.  My toddler loved playing with it for a few months but the tunnel started ripping at the seams.
1,battery was swollen when it arrived, tried flying it and it wouldnt even lift off the ground. had to send it back to amazon. maybe mine was defective but none the less didn't get to fly it once
1,In order to figure this out we had to follow advice of another reviewer and watch directional video on line.  Directions in package are confusing.  This was difficult for me as an adult and even though my 10 year old daughter could do it, she got completely frustrated by the enability to consistently control tension so as to make a even, attractive bracelet.  I am glad I only paid around $8 for this on a lightning deal last Christmas.
1,Playing yahtzee is hands down the best way to spend your time. But this version deviates too much from the original game. It might be worth a try but I will stick to the original version or triple yahtzee.
1,Purchased this for my Grand-kids. Very disappointed because it didn't work. I tried it a number of times but it wouldn't work. Not worth the money.
1,This is NOT overpriced, & to another reviewer, it's written '$5' or '$5.00', NOT '5$'! This should have more stickers & less coloring pages.
1,Disappointed that our sea monkeys didn't hatch. Should've just gotten brine shrimp from the pet store for $2 and hatched them in a bowl for my kids. I was excited to share something from mom's ancient-history childhood with my kids. The tank and accessories are exactly the same though, glad to see the design didn't change much.
1,broke the same day
1,This thing is way tiny so check the size specs before you even consider this. It's more like a collector's figurine than a toy. But the real deal breaker here is that this Dinotrux isnot die-cast at all - it's just crap plastic,like mostother toys of that ilk. That's right, false advertizing. I'm surprised this thing doesn't get yanked from Amazon's listing or at least is forced to be titled properly.
1,I thought this was a toy my grandson could play with, but instead it was a model.  I didn't know anything about models and how to read about them, so it was my fault.
1,My kids never play with it and there isn't a great way to store the pins and ball.  In fact, I'm not sure where anything is.
1,The ramps that the cars roll down will not stay on no matter how hard I try.
1,Do not pay for this over priced outfit Wait until the frenzey is over. Ridiculous. Have some control people.
1,Gets everywhere.  I like it alright because it's nice to have an alternative to homemade play dough but it leaves a terrible mess everywhere.
1,This is tiny. I can live with that. The pictures in the instructions on how to put it together are confusing at best. The pieces do not actually fit together. This is not for a child of any age. The idea is a great one. The product is pathetic and so poorly designed as to make it inappropriate for children. How sad!
1,Not happy with this set. Was missing the front doors, and some screws. Had this set for 2 months, and pieces are falling apart. Very pricey for what you get
1,I purchased this item for my daughter. The item is cute but poorly made. The item came without instructions and one LED light was lit on arrival, it could not be turned off, there is no light switch. It is supposed to have a motion sensor and to lite when shaken. Our unit had one LED permanently lit until the batteries ran out. The other LED never came on. It has to be returned to Amazon for a refund. It is not worth the time and hassle to return it, so we will keep it as a paper weight. If the seller THE BT GROUP were responsible they would send a light replacement, but I am not expecting it. Other buyers have had the same problem. DO NOT BUY it is not worth $11.39, looks like a $1.99 or Dollar store item.
1,My 2 year old daughter likes it, but she also liked her set from the dollar store just as well.		Things that need to be improved:	The bag is very narrow making it hard for little ones to put away all the tools independently.	The stethoscope is *super* tight. My two year old won't put it in her ears because it hurts.	The stethoscope makes all the sounds from the show and has some great Doc quotes, but it doesn't have a heartbeat- duh!
1,This seemed like a really smart idea for teaching kids numbers, colors, etc., but the design really ruins it.		My first issue: you drop a ball into the top of the octopus, and it falls into one of the shoes.  The problem is, unless you release the ball very gently, it comes flying out from under whichever shoe it lands inside.  Secondly, this thing has pretty shoddy construction.  It looks sturdy in the photos, but in reality it's light and flimsy.  It tips over very easily, and the shoes tend to fall off.		I think on the whole LeapFrog is a reliable company, but they dropped the ball (no pun intended) on this one.  I mean, as a couple of other reviewers have mentioned, why in the world would a company geared toward education design a seven-legged octopus (emphasis on the otco part)?  This is a dud.		I would pass.
1,The title states 1 set of UC Letters and 3 Sets of LC letters. The third LC "set" is incomplete read description. I contacted seller and they pointed out that info. The item came missing 10 lower case letters and had 6 extra upper case letters. Some lower and upper case letters are not compatible to use for sentence and word forming (the UC Y is the same size as the LC y). The LC q is weird looking the seller responded and said they made a new LC q but the one I got was the old style. I am very disappointed in this product to say the least. I can't believe that it has a high rating from teachers (or so they say they are). Some letters are interchangeable like M and W. I was hoping for something higher quality based on the price.
1,Terrible. Just like other reviews they are extremely cheap. Some arrived already broken. Not to mention the design of the shoe is awful. Not even a childs food is as narrow as these shoes are made. I returned my purchase.
1,kinda creepy
1,Elmo is cute and soft but poorly made. I missed the return window so I'm stuck with it until I find a good replacement. It was a Christmas present and now it's the beginning of February and falling apart. Pieces of red sting and fuzz fall off constantly. Disappointing
1,Very cute toy but the seam in the belly came undone within a few weeks.
1,NOT VERY CHALLENGING EVEN FOR YOUNG CHILDREN.  MY GRANDDAUGHTER WAS BORED WITH IT THE SECOND TIME WE PLAYED IT.
1,Bad quality
1,If I could choose negative stars I would, but one star is as low as this review goes.  We are already on our second pair of wings.  The first pair didn't work straight out of the box, only one side would open, and were replaced within the hour.  The second pair does the same thing after only a couple days of playing with it very sparingly.  I think the toy company wanted to get these and other crappy batman toys (i.e. Dark Knight Batman Stealth Launch Batmoblie Vehicle) out for children not old enough to even see the movie unless they have morons for parents, that they wasted little time on the design of these toys.  Do not waste your money.  What a piece of garbage.  This second pair are going back and we will be avoiding the batman toys.
1,Very poor product.  Frankly the design is deeply flawed.  The tails of the kite tangle easily with the string and one spends alot of time constantly untangling the string.  String spool design is poor.  The actual air foils which are supposed to loft & sustain the kite don't open sufficiently to work and are also angled the wrong way.  Frankly, they are trash.  After losing a much loved kite with a similar but working design, my children were very disappointed with the replacement.  Shame on the vendor for dumping such a flawed product through mail order.		I'll avoid "Toysmith" and look for another similar but working design.
1,Ordered two packages and both bags of balls arrived with crushed balls!
1,icalled hotwheel.you can not get part for this set all what instock and avablible is cassie not 9 inch track 0r 6  or power track it all discontunuied .or ac power packs.my local hobby store utwo stock it.but not longer avablie so i went to a life like set part s are avaable toreplace it.i.m not happy with hotwheel please don't buy it.i told the how i feel they willpass it on the the company..why should you own a toy and you cant get part for it.like track  acand controler or 9 or 6 orpower track or 15 straight.they told me allwhat they have is 9 in only.please beware of hotwheel .hotwheel buy tyco they where interchange able..buy not longer have part or ect for there toy all there i think are go in the trash.i had my twin mill set for 5 year but snape on the track conect broke.i call them i was mad i told the iwont buy mattel or hotwheel never again .please bring the part back from the company i told them.itold the m itold lot of people not to buy mattel or hotwheel .itold the at walmart ect they where looking i told them the problem i had with them for part they keep part for a while and stop .i,mjust letting you people know
1,My daughter liked it until not even a month later the battery drained and started to have issues. It will not come back on now. Wish this would have lasted longer. I don't feel like i got my moneys worth.
1,I received one i didn't order.. different design
1,very small and not durable ,cheap material used ,very disappointed in product,and it doesnt have a flooring at the bottom ,its bear
1,I went for a slightly larger container of lincoln logs expecting a variety of sizes; however, almost all the pieces are so tiny it's hard to build anything. =/
1,Seriously disappointed!! From the picture on the box it looks like it's a good size but it's not! Super small! The slide sucks and the water does not spray very well.
1,This bag is SUPER thin. Terrible quality.
1,This game came recommended, in fact they gave me a rave review of it. Perhaps I expected too much. It is a very silly, fun, fantasy game. But my wife really disliked some of the humor. Certainly more adult targeted than she wanted my 10 year-old or her mother playing. So overall, the game experience wasn't quite right for the 'G' rated crowd and certainly not for hard core strategist players.		Pros: It does allow crowd play, it is silly and fun, not hard core strategy so good for most audiences	Cons: High Luck, Not a strategy game, some adult themes, game went long
1,I got beyond the rude comments because my girls both loved the other noises & all the buttons.  Not many toys capture the interest of both my 11-month-old AND my 2 1/2 year old.  But then after 3 days it died.  We replaced the batteries & it still didn't work.  It was pretty normal use, so no reason for malfunction.  Not worth it.
1,This toy had no hands when it arrived and I don't know if that is the way it is suppose to be but if I had know that I would have not bought it. Everything else is ok, the package was undamaged and foxy is in good condition but he has no hands.
1,DO NOT BUY AS A TOY! This are hollow, plastic cake toppers.
1,This thing is a pain, my son constantly needs help with it.
1,I liked the size but puzzle pieces don't stay together.
1,The diapers that come with this set are way too big for baby Stella. The other items are cute, but there are better, cute accessories
1,I bought this Coraline doll for my 5 year old daughter for christmas, she absolutely loved the movie and has wanted a doll for over a year! So when I opened the box I have to say I was not pleased at all!! It was TINY!! I was also disappointed that I had been sent a used doll, when I ordered a new doll, upon inspection I noticed the box had been opened and the doll had 2 little scratches on the face. Now I will give credit the detail of the doll was really well done, she looked like she walked right out of the movie. But the biggest problem with the doll now is that my daughter will not play with her she is scared to death of her! For some reason the dolls face comes off!!! and I have to admit its not pretty when it does, because all you see is 2 big eyeballs in a hollow scull! My daughter was playing with her (coraline) when her face came off and it scared her to death! she refuses to play with her now becuase " her face is scary!" I hope this review is helpful!
1,We ran into a lot of issues that "Mel Irizarry" described in details.  No need to elaborate further by me.  Hopefully, future iteration will be more polished.
1,To small to fit an adults fingers
1,Ponyta looks nothing like this. Ponyta has a yellowish tint to it. Just seriously look up ponyta on Google and you'll see that this is a rip off. This is just a horse stuffy with a red and yellow mane.
1,One thing that was a disappointment was that one of the straps that secures the tent to the mattress came loose from the tent with the first attempt to use it on a twin mattress. The tent was undersized for what I was expecting and was small for twin mattress. It seems that it would fit a toddler bed better than a twin mattress. It did not hold up well and the straps were not well sewn. Very difficult to fold after opening it, making it difficult to store. I was not pleased with product.
1,Easy to fly after getting used to it (as every drone is).  Guards around the props broke on the first collision with drywall.  So we took them all off.  The battery held a good charge for the first few charges but now it will only fly for about 3 minutes on a charge.  Not too impressed with battery life.  We don't over or under charge the battery and still the battery is failing.
1,This was the big gift for each of my twin boys on their third birthday. The LOVE them. However, they are also very frustrated by the fact that things keep falling off the rocket. The character of Leo comes with the set and he is supposed to drive Rocket. He falls off constantly. Short of super-gluing him on (and we're thinking about it) there is no way to keep him in his seat. It drives our sons nuts. Also, all the things that go on top - the Super Fast, helicopter and antenna attachments - come off very easily, so they fall off constantly while our sons are playing with them.  We've also noticed that some of the paint is already wearing off the nose of Rocket and we've only had them for six days. Not a good sign.		The best thing about this toy is the program feature. They can program Rocket to do up to 20 things and then push the button and watch him go. They love that and it works perfectly. Now if Rocket just wouldn't fall apart while he's running around.
1,The football came with a tear in the seam and was unusable.  The goal post didn't hold air very well.
1,Cheap and discolored. Disappointed.
1,This is a horrible toy! We bought it for our 4 year year old for Christmas. It will not work on our Apex DVD player. We tried all the codes and only 1 worked. Well sort of, 1 button will work. My daughter was in tears my husband was frustrated. Wish I'd never bought this because now I'm going to face a 3 hour long return line trying to get a new present from Santa! I can guarantee it won't be made by Fisher Price!
1,This broke the first week we had it.  We hadn't even put the batteries in yet.  Hoping to have it replaced with no issues but not sure at this point. If it is replaced my review would change drastically.
1,It would be cool if the ferry was sealed so that it didn't sink in the water. Because it does, immediately. Very frustrating for me & my boys (2 & 4 yrs.). Cute concept though.
1,Wings broke off too easily!
1,one star because holy crap - do not spend 30 bucks on this. It does indeed work amazing. I love it. The bubbles sail in the air for a good long while.. and you get thousands of them at a time. BUT! please, got to Target and get it for $10.99.  - also It takes 6 AA batteries not 4.
1,It is very cute, but it  just doesn't work with the style of spout that we have. To divert water to the showerhead, you have to pull down the ring that is on the underside of the spout.  With this cover in place, that ring is too difficult to access.
1,"We didn't play test this at all"	CLEARLY. Got these as groomsmen's gifts. Big disappointment, wishing it was Cards against humanity.
1,If memory serves me right,  I Paid 59.99 for this hatchimal. And by far this was one of the worse purchases I ever made. The Hatchimal pecked at her shell a few times and it just couldn't break out. We had to peel the shell off of it. I think there are going to be a lot of disappointed kids on Christmas morning when they get a piece of junk toy.
1,Doesn't stay stuck to my shower walls. The walls are more of a hard plastic as opposed to a metal or other material so not sure if that is why it doesn't stick. Glad the product was less than $5 so I don't feel like I wasted too much money.
1,Maybe I should have read the product description more carefully but I was shocked when I received 2 dozen "shot glass sized" buckets. I bought them as the "gift bag" for my kids' birthday party but the buckets are so small, they can't hold anything. Now I'm stuck with 6 dozen buckets (all different colors) and can't figure out what to do with them...
1,total waste of money for my child--his interest waned after 10 minutes
1,crap.
1,Super disappointing. I ordered three of these and received the EXACT SAME RARES, which weren't very good in the first place. Save yourself some frustration and try a different set of cards.
1,This item was purchased new from the manufacture. I received the item and the package was dirty, torn and taped together. When I opened the package the slide was dirty, scuffed, missing parts and appeared as if it was used. I was so disappointed at the size of this product. My son would have out grown this slide with in weeks and it is best suited for dolls!
1,I know I have beastly children and this was an inexpensive toy; however, it literally broke... day 1. Also, one of the fish never lit. I gave this to my 2 yr old. Perhaps better for a less adventurous child.
1,The item is cute and has everything a little pre-school golfer needs, however, the quality of the product was not up to my expectations.  The head of the golf clubs easily come out of the shafts.  My 2 year old grandson had the shaft and head of the golf clubs separated within minutes after I gave them to him as a gift. Once a  2 year olds know they can do something like that they tend to lose their focus on using the product as intended and instead just keep having fun taking it apart.  Plus I feel the plastic used in the clubs isn't as sturdy as I would have liked.
1,Bought this for my grandson and it never worked.  Cheaply made and not worth a penny.
1,I just don't like it. It is boring.
1,We found this to be a boring game with too many buttons to push and requiring way too much work to learn. Plus, you have to feed it batteries. Oh, and it's loud. If you have shelf space you absolutely must fill with something you will never use, this would fit the bill. Other than that, it's great.
1,First disappointing Melissa & Doug experience.  1.  The packaging cut into my had - needed heavy duty scissors to cut the plastic protective covering off (would not snap apart), the resulting cut plastic was sharp as sin.  2.  The product itself has a frame (within which the tracing boards / paper is placed), the plastic frame does not securely close.  3.  The accessory drawer is made of the same flimsy plastic, difficult to open / close.  That said, my daughter seems to like it.  Thought the product could have been designed to be more durable.
1,Love that it takes up minimal space but this is not just small its TINY!!!! Very hard to hold and play with.
1,I thought medium would actually be medium sized. These are tiny dinosaurs. If these are medium sized, I'd hat to see what they consider small
1,Christmas 2013, my son, 5, got the Switch and Go Jagger and liked it sort of decently, though there were problems with the voice recognition feature.  He did tire of it fairly quickly and didn't super enjoy transforming it because it's very clumsy to do so.  Around that time, he also got 2 or 3 of the smaller dinos and those seemed better.  They transitioned better, for sure.  He also tired of those fairly quickly.		Come December 2014, my son, then nearly 6, saw a commercial for this Bronco deal and asked Santa for it at the mall.  When I saw all the good reviews, I thought, ok, $35, we can swing that and it looks like it'll be more successful than our existing dinos given all the good reviews.		He was thrilled to find this on Christmas morning, and he played with it for an hour or so I think.  It's February 2 and I don't think he has returned to it more than one or two times.  There's just nothing to do with it, really.  It transforms itself at the push of a button, which seems like kind of a drag.  What's the point of a Switch and Go Dino if you don't get the fun of switching it?		It is also a battery hog.		In its favor, I will say the R/C component worked a lot better than other R/C toys we've had in the past.		Overall, though the toy does perform as advertised, it's just a bore after a very short time.		UPDATE:  I mentioned that he had mostly forgotten about it by early Feb - it's now early May and he hasn't returned to it even once.
1,broken
1,Daughter got this as a gift. The maracas are so muffled you cannot hear the sound when you shake it!! My daughter loves the tambourine though. It is her favorite part of this. Be careful of the wooden pallet it comes in, it seems that Melissa and doug does not sand their wood, so its easy to get a splinter. Ouch!
1,I bought these and the majority of them did not glow!!  Do not waste your money!!!
1,This is probably a great toy but i got it for my two year old and it was rather confusing and he was never interested in it.  Also, it is a little confusing to me.  Does that sound dense?  I would say this puzzle is for a five year old and up.  it might be fun to drive around the cars but they are always turning upside down, etc.  which ads to the confusing nature of it.
1,As my luck would have it, it looks like I got hit with a lemon. I will try and repair my unit per the instructions in the other reviews and report back.
1,This is an OK advent calendar. It comes with 8 Hot Wheels cars and miscellaneous accessories over the 24 days, including a very cool car-sled. Unfortunately, it also includes a lot of tat and there is no attempt to build the pieces into some kind of playset. The calendar does not even include a play track or display area for the items, like the Lego and Playmobil ones do. My boys have been mostly a bit 'meh' about the items in the calendar, whereas my daughter has a Lego one and loves it.	I have given this two stars because the Hot Wheels cars are mostly quite nice ones, but only one or two are really anything special. The price is high for what you actually get. I recommend getting the Lego, Playmobil or Schleich ones for better content. This calendar lacks imagination and content, but the Hot Wheels cars and one or two of the other items are good fun.
1,the playdoh balls don't launch great
1,I guess i should have read more closely but i thought this was a book that included duct tape. I bought a few rolls of duct tape for my crafty daughter and was looking for a book of ideas on what to do with the tape and how to make things. So, all i got was more duct tape. And not much for the price.
1,My 18 month old has shown no interest in this at all.
1,Couldn't hold my daughters attention very long. She didn't get very far before calling it quits
1,These DO NOT work on hair! If you want to mat or damage your hair then okay us this.... It doesn't work on medium brown hair like it shows on the box, it rips and tangles hair and the product sucks.
1,Cheaply made and broke easily.
1,My son was so excited to get this for his birthday. It is cheaply made he played with it for 2 minutes and his leg broke off. He is 6 and wasn't being rough.
1,Very cute, but the suction cup doesn't work well. My son is able to pull it loose and throw it off of his high chair in a matter of minutes.
1,This is really cute. If you are going to decorate with it, perfect! If you are purchasing it for a toy, don't! After literally the first hour, the paint was coming off of the animals and they were trash. Very disappointing. My little boy loves farm animals and I thought this would be perfect for him. Very poor quality.
1,We are prefacing this with the fact that we have reviewed a LOT of Nerf items over the last few years. My kids are avid Nerf-war players in the neighborhood and always looking for the next fun item. We really wanted to like this new item, but it fell short on every promise in the description.		This is a bulky bow and arrow set up compared to the other ones available in the male colors. It is most definitely sized for a middle school student to adult. Not a smaller child. It is heavier than most of the other Nerf equipment we own. Even dad said this might not be a good idea for our daughter (she's 5' 85 lbs) as it's so big.		The arrows fall out of the storage barrel rather easily when bumped. The idea is that you pull the trigger to turn the barrel and load an arrow. However, when you do this the arrow falls out of the loading area before you can grab it. It negates the purpose of the barrel. The barrel does not come off easily, and we were afraid it would break to put too much presure on it.		The draw distance is minimal due to the loading chamber and feels really awkward for the larger person to use. The arrows don't notch onto the line, they simply rest there, leading to the arrow slipping off when running around with it for playing games. As for the 90 feet distance claim- we came nowhere near that. I think we capped it at 30 feet max and it has almost no accuracy.		This one was a "meh" product in our household. Our daughter didn't dislike the pink but would have preferred something like yellow or less girly.  Our son argues it's continuing to stereotype girls by making it pink and doesn't lend to empowering them.		Honestly for all the equipment we have from Nerf, this one sits under the bed more than it is used. I don't think this one is a winner in our family.
1,Not what i was expecting at all, the packaging was torn to pieces the sharks were emptied all over the box they were delivered in, and they were no bigger than my ring finger and I am a size 7...disappointed to say the least. They are also very hard and sharp as well.
1,Eh... My daughter loves these dolls, but we agree that the faces are way too big.  I hope they redesign them.
1,FELL APART AFTER 1 HOUR OF PLAYING WITH IT, THE CORE FELL OUT, TOTALLY CHEAP AND LOW QUALITY, WILL RETURN
1,I thought my pony lovers would be thrilled. Nope they never touch them.
1,Box is heavily damaged and figure has a lot of trouble standing.
1,Doesn't really work as advertised. Waste of money although it looked cute.
1,First the good stuff ... the dolls included in this package are very cute and durable.  The clothes are good quality and our daughters like to pretend that the babies are crawling around on hands and knees.  That's about all you can do with this toy, play make-believe.		And that's it for the good stuff.		Now on to the bad stuff ... the cribs that are included are very cheap plastic, almost cardboard-like and the babies can't even fit in them "comfortably".  The product has little educational value, aside from the above-mentioned make-believe.  The first interaction with the product is the packaging, and this packaging is utterly horrible - the complete opposite of Amazon's great "frustration-free packaging" on other products.
1,Our least favorite of the 2 and 3 piece puzzles. Pieces are thin and cheaply printed. Picture are ok at best. One is a 90s windows PC and mouse. My daughter loves this type of puzzle, but lost interest in this one before I even had all the pieces separated.		Other two-piece puzzles from other manufacturers have bigger, thicker pieces that are easier to put together for small hands, with a better finish.
1,Game seems interesting if it actually had all the pieces. Very disappointed that it came missing the orange eye and orange crane. :/
1,My 2 years old was too young for it I guess
1,Box was bashed up but doll looked amazing! My girl loves the doll but don't buy if looking to keep in the box on display!
1,My daughter asked for this for months. We bought it for Christmas. As soon as she unwrapped it the mesh was falling off of it. 2 days later it got a hole in it. Dont waste your money!
1,I am a HUGE Apples to Apples fan; I play so often that my cards are all folded and damaged. Not to mention the expansion packs that I own and have brought across the country at least three times now! So when I thought about buying a new copy of the original Apples to Apples (with fresh cards that aren't damaged), I stumbled upon this version. I thought that I could go a bit longer with my beat up cards and that I would use the money to buy this new edition. I wish someone had warned me that I would be wasting $20...		The premise is almost exactly like the original Apples to Apples. There are green cards with adjectives on it. The game starts with the judge flipping over a green card. Once the word is read, everyone looks into their hands at their red cards that have pictures on them. You then have to choose the picture that best fits the word. Like the original, sometimes it's funnier to use the picture that's more ironic than the perfect fit for the word.		You may be wondering "if this game is so much like the original, then why am I giving it only 2 stars?" There are a couple of reasons. First, in the original there is only one adjective per card. This makes it easy when someone wins because they can just take the green card. Then you can count the green cards at the end of the game and know who won. Unfortunately, when you put two adjectives on one card it makes it difficult to take the card once someone wins (and ours came without chips!). Also, with two words on the green cards it can be confusing which one you're playing to. A couple of times the judge chose one word on the card and the players got confused and played to the other.		There is also the issue of the pictures. Some of the pictures are really funny but others just seem bland and uninteresting. One of the best parts of Apples to Apples to being ironic. Unfortunately, the pictures don't lend themselves to this kind of irony the way that the original does. Also, there are many adjectives that just don't fit with the pictures which forces the judge to choose between some random cards that have nothing to do with the adjective.		Overall, the original Apples to Apples has me laughing and this just leaves me frustrated. While some of the pictures are really funny, the laughs don't last long. I think a better way to play this game were to have the pictures take the place of the adjective cards and then use the adjectives to describe the pictures. Otherwise, this game is not only boring but also fails in the creativity department.
1,All the same hands!  Not a right and left set!
1,Lava was minimal, too liquidy and only 1 color.  Not at all like the image.
1,These pieces of junk broke the week after Christmas.  LAME.
1,I'm so disappointed in these. I trusted the good reviews! Where they have been tied to make a cape they are getting tiny holes in ALL of them. They have not been snagged in any way whatsoever in the TWO days that we have had them.  They've only been waved around and used as capes.
1,One figure broke within minutes, another figure won't stand up. Very cheap.
1,I had to return the first Lawbringer I bought because the cylinder did not rotate consistently. With the muzzle pointed up even slightly, there were certain chambers that would refuse to cycle, and occasional even cycled backward. Pointed the muzzle down fixed this issue, but I shouldn't have to point down between every shot on a $30 blaster.		I exchanged it for another Lawbringer which likewise has occasional problems cycling, though not to the degree that the first one did. I have to prime it firmly and wait for the hammer to slowly reset before priming again. The issue appears to be caused by the hammer failing to return fully to its upright position on certain chambers (accompanied by a loud click). For such an expensive blaster, this sort of poor quality is unacceptable.		The only reason I don't give the Lawbringer a 1-star rating is because it's a great-looking design and otherwise performs well. However, there is no excuse for a large company like Nerf to have such poor quality control.
1,It was in pieces first time i took it out of bag, also it so cheaply made it last 1 day. I then threw iy in the trash it wasn't work my time or money or complaints but review buyer beware.
1,I think it's a cute idea however it is very flimsy feeling.  The numbers are stickers and the individual squares feel hollow.  It can't weight more then a few ounces.  I don't expect it to hold up over use, which is very disappointing.
1,My kids were even sad that these were a let down. You can just buy stuff from the dollar store and probably get a better finished outcome.
1,just a thing to buy, the suction broke.
1,After about 6 months of occasional play, this camera would turn on and then off right away. The picture quality was terrible. Screen dark. Not fun. We will try vtech now.
1,I bought these when my son was 1 month old and the earlier reviews were absolutely correct. I used them 2 xs before it became impossible to get them around his ankle ( the first 2 times I did get them on, it was a feat and I was scared it was cutting off his circulation.) Granted my son is in the 99th percentile for weight and height, but you would think these would give at least a tiny amount of stretch but gives absolutely none what so ever.
1,I bought this in July 2013 and I am writing this review in April 2014.  The tarp was torn to shreds from the wind.  In fairness, we did have a brutal winter, but it is an outdoor piece of equipment and should have lasted a bit longer.		It was a very nicely colored tarp and did not fade from the sun.  But it is useless to me right now.  I cannot recommend it and would not buy it again.
1,The TV game show is one of my favorites. However, this DVD leaves alot to be desired. Not very happy with the mix use of cards and DVD. I would much rather everything(features) were all activated by ones remote controller arrows. The questions can be challenging but FUN facts to learn.
1,Son likes it, but need to buy all pieces to keep their interest. This one is really like a building block, no other function.
1,The thing just didn't hold a charge.  By the time you get it up and running, it had to go back on the charger. Also, this is VERY small.  I doubt your could even fly it outside, you would lose it in the grass or the wind would blow it away.  It was easier to fly than some larger ones we have flown, but we just couldn't get past the constant charging of it.  It was returned.
1,Float ripped within days no ok	Gave it 2 stars for fast delivery and colors	Will never buy it again	Disappointed
1,cute, but 3 year old twin girls broke within a week.
1,Extremely annoying.  The only time I liked this toy was when the batteries died.  The music gets stuck in your head.  The music goes off at random times and even vobration from walking past it will set it off.  It also does not stick to the table very well.  My 5 month old pulls it right off.
1,It came with a hole in it, and would not inflate,  very very thin plastic.... my daughter (4yr) was so upset!
1,First of all, the item pictures shows twice as many as you really get. you only get 8, i was expecting more. they fit together in a very odd way, and young children will have a difficult time figuring out how exactly which part goes in which as well as actually pushing them together. they're sturdy but the hard plastic is tough for even my 3 yr old to push together. its really awkward. these are nothing like the beads that are for regular play which are a harder plastic and its easy for a baby to figure out which part goes into which.		also you have to worry about the black mold/mildew that collects when you have bath toys like this. they cannot properly dry after use and this nasty stuff collects and there isn't any real good way of cleaning it out.
1,The children had a great time playing with the WeGlow party set.  They love glowsticks and necklaces.  It was fun.		For the most part though, this was a 30 minute toy.  There is one centerpiece light that was a little more complicated to set up and there were plastic throwaway silverware that were glowed up by having glo sticks go in the end of them.  However, most of this kit is made up of glo-lights and throwaway plates, cups, and one paper tablecloth.  While the colors were bright, the set is of 8, so you would need more than one for the average birthday party. At this price, I would just buy:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/8-Glow-Stick-Bracelets-Mixed-Colors-Tube-of-100/dp/B00BD634KS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">8" Glow Stick Bracelets Mixed Colors (Tube of 100)</a>&nbsp;or this pack:<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/100-8-Premium-Glow-Stick-Bracelets-Party-Pack/dp/B00BJ90LC8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">100 8" Premium Glow Stick Bracelets Party Pack</a>.
1,Good
1,I purchased this puzzle for my husband and I to put together while I was pregnant with our first child. I was very tired and often ill, and there wasn't a whole lot I could get done before I needed to lay down for a while. This was the second puzzle we bought and we were pretty proud of our teamwork, so we expected this one to go smoothly. However, after we had gone through and located all of the outside pieces (double- and triple-checking) we realized that the puzzle was missing several pieces. I looked into it, and the manufacturer said they will send out a new puzzle if you mail them the proof of purchase, but they can't promise that it will have all the pieces either. What?! In the end I decided not to mail them proof of purchase and plead my case and we just tossed the puzzle out. It was a waste of money, but honestly, I shouldn't HAVE to ask for a new puzzle. They should have included all of the pieces with the first one I bought....
1,Horrible! I bought it for my son's birthday party. I opened it and blew it up there and it would not hold air. What a dud. Very disappointing!
1,I was so happy to find Paw Patrol toys for my 4 year old boy, but this is NOT worth $24.99. Very disappointed! This toy is small, cheaply made, and not worth the money.
1,its all crappy pops
1,bad material , broken to easy , bad material , change helicopter for other model , a t rex or other
1,MY NEICE USE IT BUT IT WAS NOT GREAT!
1,It's colorful but a lot is going on in each page. The quality isn't very good.
1,If you really buy this and made it by yourself, are there any one find it is not work well on all the cranks, so easy to get stuck with almost a hundred bulks? Who will switch lego experience to this products? All the good comments are saying they send it to their grandson.	I tried three models, not even one crank motion worked properly. I returned. Not suggested, and stay on hexbug or lego.
1,Fall apart I'm 3months
1,Probably doesn't meet US standards.  It delivers a big shock...and I have taken the 5 second ride with a Taser.  Not for kids!
1,I was pretty excited to get this for Christmas but did not have time to put it together till last night.  The pieces are not tight fit and easily breaks apart.  But what was more disappointing was that there were missing pieces.  I tried to look up if I could get the missing pieces from Hasbro but they did not have the form for this set.		Wish it was better made and had the complete pieces.
1,Very cheap, don't fit my Cheerson CX-10 as advertised. The protector was fine, the props suck----bad.
1,my 6 year old loved it while it worked. After about 1 day of play it would stop working and only come back on after i press the tiny rest button. and now that is the only way to get it to turn on is to press reset every single time. and then it will stay on for an hour or so to play with before dying again. Not impressed.
1,Fun game, but the quality of the spinner is poor. It tilts and this causes the spinner to land on the same words over and over.
1,Terrible/cheap product design.  Game base does not sit flat on a table (marble compartment underneath sticks out, and makes the entire unit wobble).  Should also come with anti-skid rubber pieces, which I will be adding myself.  The hippo heads/necks lock up very frequently and gameplay is very frustrating, especially to small children.  The only way to get the game back into the box is by removing the hippo pieces, which will inevitably breaks the plastic tabs used to hold the hippos to the game board.
1,This toy just doesn't work very well! The sticky Velcro detaches and the tunnels are to shallow making the balls fall out too easily. Too bad this could have been fun if it wasn't  a piece of crap.
1,Very small.  I should have paid attention to the size.  One of the grandkids did like playing with them but the others really didn't care about them
1,Shock blew during my first fun.:(
1,I received this product through Vine but that probably won't be reflected here (I wrote to Amazon about our issue). Our skateboard is a dud and we can't get a replacement. But I think our review is relevant so I'm doing it anyway.		My daughter has every Fur Real toy except the very large horse. She was extremely excited about this cute pup. She still intends to play with the puppy but its feature as a skateboarding pup is non-existent.		The pup itself has a hard plastic body without a cuddly padding, which could have been used in the design. The "fur" is loose over the plastic form, which bends to do different "tricks" on the skateboard. The dog itself requires no battery. The "30+ tricks" are due to the poses of the dog, including popping up its ears.		The skateboard remote (ours works and barks) makes the board go around or forward. Only the back wheels are controlled by the remote, as well as a pivoting wheel that's hidden. The front two wheels are decorative. They spin but aren't controlled by the remote.		The dog's Velcro (soft side) paws attach to the Velcro (rough side) strips along the skateboard. It would be simple for even young children to attach Trixie to her skateboard.		The problem with our skateboard... well we don't know. The red light lights up and then fades. The wheels don't respond to the remote at all. We tried several batteries and held the remote all distances from the skateboard. All it did was light up and immediately fade.		This could have been a really adorable toy if only the skateboard worked. Unfortunately I have a disappointed child and a broken toy. She still wants to play with the puppy and she'll push the skateboard around, which is fine for having gotten it for free. But if you're thinking of buying this toy, you might want to get a different Fur Real Friend for your child.
1,0 stars. It didn't work AT ALL! My 9 year old son got it for Christmas because he loves geodes and science so he was really excited about it. What a disappointment! I just bought him the coral growing kit from target since the geodes were a dud, but after seeing the lack of stars on any of the Wonderology kits, I think we'll return it.
1,Put it together by instructions, the screws keep coming out of the tray to chair.  Stepping up to locktight not very safe for a 3 yr old if screws will not stay in place.
1,First off- let me say that we are not collectors or nor do we have any knowledge of the differences between this action figure and one of a different edition.  I am just an average parent who gave her son a gift for Christmas.	My little guy loves the Rescue Bots and has started to really get into watching Transformers Prime. Bumblebee is his favorite character, so I thought that this action figure would be perfect.  Sadly, it hasn't quite worked out for us.	It was attractively packaged- you don't really notice how crappy the car is in it's nice, shiny packaging.  But once I took it out of the bubble, it was plain to see that this toy wasn't very well-made at all.  It is yellow, but dingy and a little translucent - not the bright yellow that you see in the picture on this listing.  The parts don't quite line up- it isn't smooth and streamlined when in car mode.  It also is made of cheap, brittle plastic.  Not exactly what one wants in a children's toy with moveable parts.  A chip was already broken out of the back window when we opened the toy and now, since being played with, Bumblebee has been in triage twice for accidental decapitation.	My son still loves Bumblebee, but has gone back to playing with his Rescue Bot toy.  The Rescue Bot version isn't as exciting for him since it is for a younger age set- it only takes 2 moves to get from robot to car and back, but that toy is much better made (thicker, softer plastic,) much nicer looking (it is actually really yellow,) and has held up perfectly after a ton of play.
1,Hated the sound of the voice in this toy so much that I threw it away almost immediately. The voice is so irritating and just keeps talking even if she's not pushing buttons.  A lot of vtech toys have this problem, they just keep on going and the voices are annoying. Some of the books are good though, we like those.
1,Bought it,  for my 8 years old daughter. I worked great for 1 day, after that needles broke and there is not way to change it. The machine is great, I wish the toy makers will designed to have needle replacements.
1,Oh my goodness. I honestly do not even have the words to properly express our disappointment in this product. There is not one positive thing that I can write about this product.		The pieces that you use to "pop" the molded clay don't even work as they should. The molds do not close and the clay doesn't even end up looking like the mold.		The pieces of clay barely stick together and adding a drop of water as suggested makes the clay a disgusting mess.		The package, I'm not even kidding, reads "looks so real". This could not be further from the truth.		My daughter was gifted this set for Christmas and is literally sitting here crying because it turned out to be such a horrible experience.		For the sake of our children and their sensitive, budding self-esteems, PLEASE take this terrible product off the market.
1,This was only my 2nd attempt at jigsaw puzzles, and I should have been more careful with my choice of size, design and colors!  The barn and house were easy to do, but there is way too much darkness in the puzzle, making it hard on the eyes.  Too much area of similar color.  I gave up on it after doing the parts that were less frustrating.  Bought a 500 pc. with small, colorful details and was much happier with that one.  This is supposed to be fun and relaxing, not stressful to the nerves or eyes!!  Very pretty picture, but it doesn't make a good puzzle, at least not for me.
1,The net is fine , but suction cups did not hold at all past a few minutes. I bought other suction cups to hang this on and those didn't hold either- so in the end, I still have the bath toys on the bathroom counter.
1,These letters are colorful, but the magnets are not strong.  Most of the letters just slid down the side of the refrigerator, the magnet wasn't even strong enough to hold the letter in place.  Also, there are 26 magnets, but they don't represent every letter of the alphabet.  I was disappointed in this purchase and feel that it would have been easy for them to just create all of the letters and use a stronger magnet to make this great.  It isn't.
1,I had to return this toy--this is the second toy by this brand where the quality was incredibly poor. Disappointing.
1,One of the magnets fell out before I was even able to get it up on the board. I used these while student teaching. They are pretty cool when you first take them out of the box, but after use I can honestly say that those flexible ones, that are printed on, may be better. The teacher working in the adjoining room, while I was student teaching, had them and they were printed on both sides (heads and tails). Hers were great. I wish I had seen those first. Look for them : )
1,Don't buy. Too hard to construct for adults, let alone children.
1,the item arrived "new" in box but the articulation was very loose.  It was obviously a used / old item sold as new.  The other Tamashii DBZ figures I bought are not loose at all.  there weren't any plastic strips in the joints when opening figure, meaning it was a used product.
